Dietary <i>n</i>-6 and <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: From biochemistry to clinical implications in cardiovascular prevention; Linoleic acid (LA) and alpha linolenic acid (ALA) belong to the n - 6 (omega-6) and n - 3 (omega-3) series of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), respectively. They are defined "essential" fatty acids since they are not synthesized in the human body and are mostly obtained from the diet. Food sources of ALA and LA are most vegetable oils, cereals and walnuts. This review critically revises the most significant epidemiological and interventional. studies on the cardioprotective activity of PUFAs, linking their biological functions to biochemistry and metabohsm. In fact, a complex series of desaturation and elongation reactions acting in concert transform LA and ALA to their higher unsaturated derivatives: arachidonic acid (AA) from LA, eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) from ALA. EPA and DHA are abundantly present in fish and fish oil. AA and EPA are precursors of different classes of pro-inflammatory or anti-inflammatory eicosanoids, respectively, whose biological activities have been evoked to justify risks and benefits of PUFA consumption. The controversial origin and clinical role of the n - 6/n - 3 ratio as a potential risk factor in cardiovascular diseases is also examined. This review highlights the important cardioprotective effect of n - 3 in the secondary prevention of sudden cardiac death due to arrhythmias, but suggests caution to recommend dietary supplementation of PUFAs to the general population, without considering, at the individual level, the intake of total energy and fats. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Walnuts and Vegetable Oils Containing Oleic Acid Differentially Affect the Gut Microbiota and Associations with Cardiovascular Risk Factors: Follow-up of a Randomized, Controlled, Feeding Trial in Adults at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease; Background: It is unclear whether the favorable effects of walnuts on the gut microbiota are attributable to the fatty acids, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and/or the bioactive compounds and fiber.
Flaxseed Oil Augments Plasma Levels of Omentin but not Chemerin and Thromboxane B2 in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: Preliminary Data from a Randomized Controlled Trial; There is evidence that Omega-3 fatty acid attenuates the production of pro-inflammatory markers. This study sought to determine whether flaxseed oil supplementation reduces the production of selected adipocytokines and Thromboxane B2 involved in a pathogenesis coronary artery disease. In this clinical trial, 40 angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease patients were admitted to receive either flaxseed oil (n =19) or placebo (n = 21) for ten consecutive weeks. The intervention group received 5 mL per day of flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g of alpha-linolenic acid) emulsified in low (1.5%) cow milk while the placebo group received equivalent volume of the milk. The plasma levels of Omentin, Chemerin, and Thromboxane B2 were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The participants were 55.25 +/- 7.25 years old. The supplementation resulted in remarkable increase in plasma levels of Omentin (0.31 vs. 0.07 ng/L, P = 0.023). However, levels of Chemerin and Thromboxane B2 concentration remained unchanged following the intervention (-0.08 vs. 0.04 ng/L, P = 0.827 and -0.15 vs. -0.05 pg/mL, P = 0.167, respectively). The findings suggest that Flaxseed oil is useful as an adjunctive therapy for management of adipose tissue-derived pro-inflammatory markers. This also warrants further studies to explore the underlying mechanisms involved in the anti-inflammatory properties of the supplement.
Fish consumption, omega-3 fatty acids, and environmental contaminants in relation to low-grade inflammation and early atherosclerosis; Background: Fish consumption and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake are shown to protect from cardiovascular diseases (CVD). However, most fish contain environmental contaminants such as dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and methylmercury (MeHg) that may have adverse effects on cardiovascular health.
Effects of omega-3 on lipid profile and inflammation markers in peritoneal dialysis patients; Introduction: Cardiovascular complications are the main cause of mortality in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients generally have a more atherogenic serum lipid profile. Although statins are the cornerstone of lipid-lowering therapy, there is an important role of fibrates in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. Fibrates increased the risk of rhabdomyolysis. ESRD patients are at risk for inadequate omega-3 intake as a result of renal dietary recommendations. In the general population omega-3 fatty acids play an important modulatory role in lipid regulation, immune and inflammatory responses, progression of arteriosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease. Aim: To evaluate the effect of oral omega-3 administration on plasma lipid levels and inflammatory markers in PD patients. Patients and methods: Fifteen adult and stable PD patients who did not receive omega-3 or fibrates treatment before were included in the study. All subjects followed the usual dialysis diet and regimen and continued with the same cholesterol-lowering statins. The patients were treated with daily oral 2.4 g docosahexaenoic acid and 1 g eicosapentaenoic acid supplementation in three divided doses with meals for 8 weeks. Triglycerides, LDL-C, HDL-C, and inflammation markers were evaluated before the administration of omega-3 and at 8 weeks. Results: Triglyceride levels were decreased significantly (p = 0.001). Total, HDL and LDL cholesterol levels were not affected. ESR, CRP, IL-6, TNF-alpha, 4-hydroxynonenal, and malondialdehyde levels reduced insignificantly. Conclusions: This short-term pilot study demonstrated the efficacy, safety, and well tolerability of omega-3 in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in PD patients.
Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Disease: Historical Perspective and Latest Evidence; The concept that the Mediterranean diet was associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) was first proposed in the 1950s. Since then, there have been randomized controlled trials and large epidemiological studies that reported associations with lower CVD: in 1994 and 1999, the reports of the intermediate and final analyses of the trial Lyon Diet Heart Study; in 2003, a major epidemiological study in Greece showing a strong inverse association between a Mediterranean score and the risk of cardiovascular complications; in 2011-2012, several reports showing that even non-Mediterranean populations can gain benefits from long-term adhesion to the Mediterranean diet; and in 2013, the PREDIMED trial showing a significant risk reduction in a low-risk population. Contrary to the pharmacological approach of cardiovascular prevention, the adoption of the Mediterranean diet has been associated with a significant reduction in new cancers and overall mortality. Thus, in terms of evidence-based medicine, the full adoption of a modern version of the Mediterranean diet pattern can be considered one of the most effective approaches for the prevention of fatal and nonfatal CVD complications.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiac surgery patients: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) supplementation is an attractive therapeutic option for patients undergoing open-heart surgery due to their anti-inflammatory and anti arrhythmic properties. Several randomized controlled trials (RCT) have found contradictory results for perioperative omega-3 PUFA administration. Therefore, we conducted an updated systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating the effects of perioperative omega-3 PUFA on some clinically important outcomes for cardiac surgery.
The Evolving Role of Omega 3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease: Is Icosapent Ethyl the Answer?; A therosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. Despite significant advances in pharmacotherapies and the beneficial effects of statin therapy on ASCVD outcomes and progression of atherosclerosis, residual cardiovascular (CV) risk remains. Extensive evidence has identified the contribution of atherogenic dyslipidaemia, which is particularly characterised by elevated triglycerides (TGL) as a key driver of CV risk, even if low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels are well controlled. Epidemiologic and genetic/Mendelian randomisation studies have demonstrated that elevated TGL levels serve as an independent marker for an increased risk of ischaemic events, highlighting TGLs as a suitable therapeutic target. Clinical studies have shown that omega 3 fatty acids (OM3FA) are effective in lowering TGLs; however, to date, trials and meta-analyses of combined OM3FA products have not demonstrated any clinical CV outcome benefit in patients receiving statins. However, icosapent ethyl (IPE) - a highly purified, stable ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) - has been rigorously demonstrated in multiple studies to be a useful adjunctive therapy to address residual CV risk. EPA is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid that is incorporated into membrane phospholipid bilayers and is reported to exert multiple beneficial effects along the pathway of coronary atherosclerosis. In this brief review, we will provide an overview of the mode of action of IPE in coronary atherosclerosis, the robust clinical evidence and trial data supporting its use, and expert consensus/recommendations on its use in specific populations, as an adjunct to existing anti-atherosclerotic therapies.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids as a Putative Treatment for Traumatic Brain Injury; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a global public health epidemic. In the US alone, more than 3 million people sustain a TBI annually. It is one of the most disabling injuries as it may cause motor and sensory deficits and lead to severe cognitive, emotional, and psychosocial impairment, crippling vital areas of higher functioning. Fueled by the recognition of TBI as the "signature injury'' in our wounded soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan, and its often devastating impact on athletes playing contact sports, interest in TBI and TBI research has increased dramatically. Unfortunately, despite increased awareness of its detrimental consequences, there has been little progress in developing effective TBI interventions. Recent evidence, however, strongly indicates that nutritional intervention may provide a unique opportunity to enhance the neuronal repair process after TBI. To date, two omega-3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have the most promising laboratory evidence for their neuro-restorative capacities in TBI. Although both animal models and human studies of brain injuries suggest they may provide benefits, there has been no clinical trial evaluating the effects of n-3 fatty acids on resilience to, or treatment, of TBI. This article reviews the known functions of n-3 fatty acids in the brain and their specific role in the cellular and biochemical pathways underlying neurotraumatic injury. We also highlight recent studies on the therapeutic impact of enhanced omega 3 intake in vivo, and how this may be a particularly promising approach to improving functional outcome in patients with TBI.
Treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after myocardial infarction: results of GISSI-Prevenzione Trial; GISSI-Prevenzione was conceived as a population, pragmatic trial on patients with recent myocardial infarction conducted in the framework of the Italian public health sysem. In GISSI-Prevenzione, patients were invited to follow Mediterranean dietary habits, and were treated with up-to-date preventive. pharmacological interventions. Long-term n-3 PUFA 1 g daily, but not vitamin E 300 mg daily, was beneficial for death and for combined death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke. All the benefit, however, was attributable to the decrease in risk for overall, cardiovascular, cardiac, coronary, and sudden death.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on the arachidonic acid: Eicosapentaenoic acid ratio; Study Objectives. To determine the baseline arachidonic acid: eicosapentaenoic taenoic acid (AA:EPA) ratio in patients with coronary artery disease and healthy subjects, and whether supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids, administered as fish oil capsules, affects this ratio.
Effects of n-3 Fatty Acid Supplements in Diabetes Mellitus; BACKGROUND
Anti-inflammatory effects of omega 3 and omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome; A lipid excess produces a systemic inflammation process due to tumor necrosis factor-, interleukin-6 and C-reactive protein synthesis. Simultaneously, this fat excess promotes the appearance of insulin resistance. All this contributes to the development of atherosclerosis and increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). On the other hand, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), especially eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (omega 3), and arachidonic acid (omega 6) have shown anti-inflammatory properties.Lately, an inverse relationship between omega-3 fatty acids, inflammation, obesity and CVDs has been demonstrated. To check fatty acids effect, the levels of some inflammation biomarkers have been analyzed. Leptin, adiponectin and resistin represent a group of hormones associated with the development of CVDs, obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance and are modified in obese/overweight people comparing to normal weight people. Omega-3 PUFAs have been shown to decrease the production of inflammatory mediators, having a positive effect in obesity and diabetes mellitus type-2. Moreover, they significantly decrease the appearance of CVD risk factors. Regarding omega-6 PUFA, there is controversy whether their effects are pro- or anti-inflammatory. The aim of this manuscript is to provide a comprehensive overview about the role of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in CVDs and metabolic syndrome.
Paradox of omega-3 PUFA oxidation; The oxidative stability of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in micelles and in liposomes is dramatically different from that observed in the bulk phase and in organic solvents. In aqueous micelles, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) is oxidatively most stable followed by EPA (20:5n-3), arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6), alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3), gamma-linolenic acid (18:3n-6), and linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6), respectively. In phosphatidylcholine (PC) liposomes, DHA-PC showed the highest oxidative stability followed by AA-PC and LA-PC in that order. This order was completely opposite to that found in bulk and in organic solvent systems. NMR and GC-MS analysis and a computer modelling approach to hydroperoxide isomer composition suggest that the physical and stereochemical characteristics of DHA molecules in the aqueous phase are related to its unusually high oxidative stability. The possible mechanisms are a tight packing conformation ofDHAmolecules and the presence of water molecule near the double bonds of DHA, which may inhibit hydrogen abstraction from the bis-allylic positions of DHA.
Insulin-Sensitizing Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Lost in Translation?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) of marine origin, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been long studied for their therapeutic potential in the context of type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, and glucose homeostasis. Glaring discordance between observations in animal and human studies precludes, to date, any practical application of n-3 PUFA as nutritional therapeutics against insulin resistance in humans. Our objective in this review is to summarize current knowledge and provide an up-to-date commentary on the therapeutic value of EPA and DHA supplementation for improving insulin sensitivity in humans. We also sought to discuss potential mechanisms of n-3 PUFA action in target tissues, in specific skeletal muscle, based on our recent work, as well as in liver and adipose tissue. We conducted a literature search to include all preclinical and clinical studies performed within the last two years and to comment on representative studies published earlier. Recent studies support a growing consensus that there are beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA on insulin sensitivity in rodents. Observational studies in humans are encouraging, however, the vast majority of human intervention studies fail to demonstrate the benefit of n-3 PUFA in type 2 diabetes or insulin-resistant non-diabetic people. Nevertheless, there are still several unanswered questions regarding the potential impact of n-3 PUFA on metabolic function in humans.
The Use of ω-3 Poly-Unsaturated Fatty Acids in Heart Failure: A Preferential Role in Patients with Diabetes; To review the evidence for a beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFAs in heart failure (HF) and its co-morbidities, their possible preferential effect in diabetes and the potential mechanism for their benefit.
Potential of Omega 3 Supplementation for Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19): A Scoping Review; COVID-19 can cause fever, cough, headache, and shortness of breath but patients with comorbidities can experience worsening and death. An action is needed to treat this condition in COVID-19 patients. Omega 3 fatty acids may be one possibility associated with COVID-19 prevention, management, and treatment. Therefore, this review aimed to identify the existing studies on potency of omega 3 fatty acid supplementation on COVID-19. We searched studies from PubMed, Google Scholar, Springer Link, and Emerald Insight databases published on January 31, 2020, to September 1, 2021. The studies selected were the full-text, non-review ones which focused on the omega 3 fatty acid intervention in COVID-19 with COVID-19 patients and people affected by COVID-19 as their subjects and clinical manifestations or the results of supporting examinations as their outcomes. No quality assessment was performed in this review. Of the 211, there were 4 studies selected for this review. They showed that severe COVID-19 patients have low levels of omega 3 in their blood. Omega 3 was considered to reduce the risk of positive for SARS-CoV-infection and the duration of symptoms, overcome the renal and respiratory dysfunction, and increase survival rate in COVID-19 patients. Omega 3 fatty acid supplementations were thought to have a potential effect in preventing and treating COVID-19. This can be a reference for further research about omega 3 fatty acid supplementation and COVID-19.
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (Omacor®) for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia; Omacor (R) is a highly purified fish oil preparation whose main ingredients are the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the form of ethyl esters. Omacor decreases serum triglyceride and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels predominantly by its action on the liver, where its component fatty acids form a poor substrate for triglyceride synthesis. Omacor is useful in the treatment of mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridemia. It has little effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations and in some patients there can be a small rise in low-density lipoprotein, but this rise is not in the more atherogenic small dense variety. Omacor is effective as monotherapy, but its effect is potentiated when used in conjunction with 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors. A dose of 4 g/day has the optimal triglyceride-lowering effect. There is little interaction with other drugs, although a small increase in bleeding time may be seen with anticoagulants. Side effects are rare, and related to the gastrointestinal tract. In Europe, Omacor 1 g/day is currently licensed for the prevention of sudden death post-myocardial infarction. Omacor is being evaluated in an extensive clinical development program. Studies in progress include several large clinical outcome trials designed to evaluate the impact of Omacor on death and major morbid events in patients with heart failure (Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto miocardico (GISSI)-Heart Failure trial), diabetes (Avosentan on Doubling of Serum Creatinine End Stage Renal Disease and Death in Diabetic Nephropathy (ASCEND) and Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN)), and in patients with a high risk for the development of cardiovascular disease (GISSI Risk and Prevention Trial). Studies are ongoing to examine the role of Omacor in preventing the development of atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting in the treatment of immunoglobulin A nephropathy and in rheumatoid arthritis. Its effects on endothelial function and inflammatory markers are also being investigated.
Erythrocyte and plasma fatty acid profiles in patients with epilepsy: Does carbamazepine affect omega-3 fatty acid concentrations?; Fatty acids (FAs) determine membrane properties and may affect cardiac and neuronal function. In this study, FA profiles were determined in 56 patients with epilepsy who participated in a 12-week double-blind randomized trial of omega-3 FA supplementation (1 g eicosapentaenoic acid and 0.7 g docosahexaenoic acid daily). At baseline, subjects on carbamazepine (CBZ) had lower docosahexacnoic acid levels, lower levels of long-chain omega-3 FAs, and a lower Omega-3 Index (a risk factor for coronary heart disease mortality), whereas those on oxcarbazepine had higher total polyunsaturated FAs and a higher Omega-3 Index. Following omega-3 FA supplementation, the Omega-3 Index, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid concentrations significantly increased. Patients on CBZ exhibited a less favorable FA profile, associated with a greater risk of coronary heart disease mortality. As arrhythmias are thought to be an important mechanism in coronary heart disease mortality and sudden unexplained death in epilepsy (SUDEP), the effect of CBZ effect in reducing omega-3 FAs might potentially explain some cases of SUDEP among patients prescribed CBZ. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary intake and status of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a population of fish-eating and non-fish-eating meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans and the precursor-product ratio of α-linolenic acid to long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids results from the EPIC-Norfolk cohort; Background Intakes of n-3 (omega 3) polyunsaturated tatty acids (PUFAs) are important for health Because fish is the major source of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) non fish eaters may have suboptimal n-3 PUFA status although the Importance of the conversion of plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) to EPA and DHA is debated
Enteral omega-3 in acute respiratory distress syndrome; Purpose of review
Simulated changes in fatty acid intake in humans through n-3 fatty acid enrichment of foods from animal origin; The ratio of n-6 over n-3 fatty acids (FA) in the Western diet is today on average between 10 and 15, while evidence suggests that humans would benefit substantially from a more balanced intake. Different strategies to reverse this trend can potentially be adopted. This paper explores the effect of n-3 enrichment at the level of primary animal production on human FA intake. Consumption data from adolescents were linked to 'currently available' and to simulated 'enriched' FA profiles of foods from animal origin (by feeding alpha-linolenic-rich diets to pigs, dairy and beef cattle, and broiler and layer chickens). Under enriched conditions, population intakes for alpha-linolenic acid and for aft n-3 FA shifted to recommended values. For long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated FA, the favourable trend in intake was not sufficient to meet recommendations. The effect on other FA was small. The n-6/n-3 ratio decreased considerably from an average value of 6.6 to 4.6. It is concluded that feasible and realistic n-3 FA enrichments of foods from animal origin can add substantially to the overall efforts for reducing the n-6/n-3 intake ratio in the population. However, foods rich in long-chain n-3 FA remain essential in the human diet under such conditions. (c) 2006 Society of Chemical Industry
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Genome-Wide Interaction Analyses Reveal <i>DPP10</i>-Pulmonary Function Association; Rationale: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory properties that could benefit adults with comprised pulmonary health.
Serum N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels Correlate With the Extent of Coronary Plaques and Calcifications in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background The relationship between serum fatty acid levels and the extent of coronary plaques and calcification was examined in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI).
Omega-3 and cardiovascular prevention - Is this still a choice?; There is currently growing attention being paid to the role of elevated triglycerides (TGs) as important mediators of residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk. This role is supported by genetic studies and by the persistent residual risk of ASCVD, even after intensive statin therapy. Although TG lowering drugs have shown conflicting results when tested in cardiovascular outcome trials, data from the REDUCE-IT study with the ethyl ester of omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have revived hope in this area of research. The aim of the present review is to critically discuss the most recent large trials with omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) trying to elucidate mechanistic and trial-related differences, as in the case of REDUCE-IT and STRENGTH studies. The omega-3 FAs may lower cardiovascular risk through a number of pleiotropic mechanisms, e.g., by lowering blood pressure, by mediating antithrombotic effects, by providing precursors for the synthesis of specialized proresolving mediators that can inhibit inflammation or by modulating the lipid rafts enriched in cholesterol and sphingolipids. In conclusion, in a field fraught with uncertainties, the omega-3 FAs and especially high dose icosapent ethyl (the ethyl ester of EPA) are at present a most valuable therapeutic option to reduce the ASCVD risk.
Treatment of Aspirin-Resistant Patients With Omega-3 Fatty Acids Versus Aspirin Dose Escalation; Objectives The aim of this study was to evaluate whether addition of omega-3 fatty acids or increase in aspirin dose improves response to low-dose aspirin among patients who are aspirin resistant.
U.S. adults are not meeting recommended levels for fish and omega-3 fatty acid intake: results of an analysis using observational data from NHANES 2003-2008; Background: The American Heart Association's Strategic Impact Goal Through 2020 and Beyond recommends >= two 3.5-oz fish servings per week (preferably oily fish) partly to increase intake of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). We examined the intake of total fish, fish high in omega-3 fatty acids, alpha-linolenic acid, EPA, and DHA in U. S. adults (19 + years) using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2003-2008. Methods: Usual intakes from foods alone and from foods plus dietary supplements were determined using the methods from the National Cancer Institute. Results: Mean usual intake of total fish and fish high in omega-3 fatty acids was 0.61 +/- 0.03 and 0.15 +/- 0.03 oz/day, 0.43 and 0.07 respectively. Total fish and fish high in omega-3 fatty acids median intake was 0.43 and 0.07 oz/day, respectively. Intake from foods alone for ALA, EPA and DHA was 1.5 +/- 0.01 g/d, 23 +/- 7 mg/d and 63 +/- 2 mg/d, respectively. ALA, EPA and DHA from food only median intakes were 1.4 g/d, 18 mg/d and 50 mg/d, respectively. Intake of ALA, EPA and DHA from foods and dietary supplements was 1.6 +/- 0.04 g/d, 41 +/- 4 mg/d and 72 +/- 4 mg/d, respectively. While intakes of fish high in omega-3 fatty acids were higher in older adults (0.13 +/- 0.01 oz/d for those 19-50 yrs and 0.19 +/- 0.02 oz/d for those 51+ year; p < 0.01) and in males as compared to females (0.18 +/- 0.02 vs 0.13 +/- 0.01 oz/d, respectively; p < 0.05), few consumed recommended levels. Males also had higher (p < 0.05) intake of EPA and DHA from foods and dietary supplements relative to females (44 +/- 6 vs 39 +/- 4 and 90 +/- 7 vs 59 +/- 4 mg/d, respectively) and older adults had higher intakes of EPA, but not DHA compared to younger adults (EPA: 34 +/- 3 vs 58 +/- 9, p < 0.05; DHA: 68 +/- 4 vs 81 +/- 6, p < 0.05). Conclusions: As omega-3 fatty acids are deemed important from authoritative bodies, supplementation in addition to food sources may need to be considered to help U. S. adults meet recommendations.
Serum levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of colorectal cancer: A prospective study; To examine the relation between serum fatty acids and risk of colorectal cancer, the authors conducted a nested case-control study of 169 colorectal cancer cases and 481 controls matched by age and enrollment area as part of the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study. Serum samples were donated by subjects at baseline (between 1988 and 1990) and were stored at -80degreesC until 2002. Serum fatty acid levels were measured by using gas chromatography and were expressed as the weight percentage of total lipids. Conditional logistic regression analyses adjusted for lifestyle factors revealed that total omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (odds ratio = 0.24, 95% confidence interval: 0.08, 0.76), alpha-linolenic acid (odds ratio = 0.39, 95% confidence interval: 0.16, 0.91), docosapentaenoic acid (odds ratio = 0.30, 95% confidence interval: 0.11, 0.80), and docosahexaenoic acid (odds ratio = 0.23, 95% confidence interval: 0.07, 0.76) all showed a significantly decreased risk for the highest versus the lowest quartile levels for colorectal cancer in men. For women, a weak negative association was observed between docosapentaenoic acid and colorectal cancer risk, although it was not statistically significant. No adverse effects of high serum levels of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on colorectal cancer risk were detected.
The utility of omega-3 fatty acids in epilepsy More than just a farmed tilapia!; The epilepsies are one of the most common serious brain disorders and 20 to 30% of people developing epilepsy continue to have seizures and are refractory to treatment with the currently available therapies. Approximately one in a 1000 patients with chronic epilepsy will die suddenly, unexpectedly, and without explanation, even with post-mortem examination and this phenomenon is called sudden unexplained death in epilepsy (SUDEP). Understanding the mechanisms underlying SUDEP may lead to the identification of previously unrecognized risk factors that are more amenable to correction. We discuss here the possible implications of omega-3 fatty acids consumption on SUDEP prevention.
Effect of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from fish oil in major burn patients: A prospective randomized controlled pilot trial; Background & aims: The burn patient is the clearest example of prolonged inflammatory response. Various nutrients, particularly omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs); have been demonstrated as attenuating the inflammatory response, and reduce infectious complications. In absence of definitive evidence in major burns the study aimed at investigating the effect particularly on infectious complications of enteral nutrition enriched with omega-3 PUFAs.
Relationship Between Cardiovascular Events and Serum Lipid and Plasma Fatty Acid Profile in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients With Diabetic Mellitus; Background/Aim: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a frequent complication in hemodialysis (HD) patients, especially when the underlying disease is diabetes mellitus (DM). In this study, we investigated cardiovascular events and lipid and fatty acid profile in maintenance HD patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Patients and Methods: The subjects were 123 patients undergoing HD at Oyokyo Kidney Research Institute Hirosaki Hospital, who were considered to have DKD as the underlying cause of dialysis induction. Among these patients, the lipid and fatty acid profile were examined in two groups, CVD group (n=53) and non-CVD group (n=70), according to the presence or absence of a history of cardiovascular events (coronary artery disease, stroke, arteriosclerosis obliterans, valvular disease, and aortic disease). For serum lipid profile, the levels of total-cholesterol (T-C), triglycerides (TG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) were measured, and for fatty acid balance, 24 fractions of fatty acid composition in plasma total lipids were measured. These markers were compared between the CVD and non-CVD groups. Results: The levels of T-C and TG were significantly lower in the CVD group compared with the non-CVD group (147.7 +/- 36.9 mg/dl vs. 159.2 +/- 35.6 mg/dl, p<0.05, 120.2 +/- 65.7 mg/dl vs. 143.8 +/- 124.4 mg/dl, p<0.05). In the plasma fatty acid composition, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) were significantly lower in the CVD group compared with the non-CVD group (0.74 +/- 0.26 wt% vs. 0.84 +/- 0.31 wt%, p<0.05; 0.61 +/- 0.21 wt% vs. 0.70 +/- 0.30 wt%, p<0.05). Conclusion: Abnormal fatty acid balance, especially low levels of ALA and DPA, rather than serum lipids, are more likely the factors associated with cardiovascular events in maintenance HD patients with underlying DKD.
Cytotoxic and Genotoxic Activity of Omega Fatty Acids in Prostate Cancer Cells PC-3; Introduction: Prostate cancer is the main cause of cancer related deaths in men worldwide. Previous studies have suggested that omega-3 fatty acids reduce cell viability in tumour cells, whereas omega-6 fatty acids increase clonogenicity. Nevertheless, other reports have shown controversial results.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease; Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease There is a large body of evidence supporting beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids for both primary and secondary prevention of cardiac disease in people. However, evidence is increasing for the use of omega-3 fatty acids in dogs with cardiac disease as well. Omega-3 fatty acids' anti-inflammatory and anti arrhythmic effects may be beneficial in managing the loss of lean body mass and arrhythmias that are common in heart failure. However, omega-3 fatty acids also may have positive effects on myocardial energy metabolism, endothelial function, heart rate and blood pressure, and immune function. Additional research is needed to determine optimal indications, doses and formulations for dogs and cats with cardiac disease.
Comparative cardiometabolic effects of fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids; Even with the aggressive reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by statin therapy, a high residual risk of cardiovascular events remains substantially and attracts attention to the need for additional preventive therapies. Therefore, effective reductions of residual risk of cardiovascular disease have emerged as therapeutic targets. Fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids have been introduced to reduce triglycerides and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and have shown anti-atherosclerotic, vascular and metabolic effects. However, some effects are controversial and very recent randomized clinical trials report different results from the earlier ones. In this review, we address the vascular and metabolic effects and the results of recent clinical trials of fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids. We also compared their effects under modern guideline therapy regarding potential drugs to reduce a residual cardiometabolic risk of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of Omega 3 (N-3) as a factor for cardiovascular disease prevention; Some studies have shown a positive association between saturated fat intake and the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, as well as a negative association with the intake of unsaturated fats. These studies indicate a change in the recommendations of fatty acids, by better use of and subject to an adequate diet in order to reduce the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases. Currently, it is assumed that the conditions and exposure to risk factors (sedentary, overweight, obesity, smoking and diseases of the circulatory system) whose association with cardiovascular disease (CVD) has sufficiently demonstrated (elevation of serum lipids and its fractions, glucose and blood insulin, blood pressure, thrombogenic factors, obesity, smoking and physical inactivity, among others) have a potentiating effect between them. The biological attributes such as age and gender, can not be modified, however, other genetic risk factors that are modifiable either relate to the environment. Over the past 30 years, attention has focused increasingly on the relationship between nutrition and cardiovascular disease. The literature shows that obesity was positively associated with risk of developing CDV, becoming one of the most significant risk factors, so that the weight loss and prevention of weight gain have to be considered one of the most important strategies to reduce the incidence of CVD. And it has close relation with the type of feed consumed.
MAY THE BEST FRIEND BE AN ENEMY IF NOT RECOGNIZED EARLY Possible role of omega-3 against cardiovascular abnormalities due antipsychotics in the treatment of autism; Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are neurodevelopment disorders that cause severe and pervasive impairment in socialization, communication, and behavior. Although the availability of antipsychotic treatment in ASD has expanded, we will be very careful with side effects of these pharmacological agents. Following this reasoning, emerging data indicate that some antipsychotics may be associated with cardiovascular adverse events (e. g., QT interval prolongation), suggesting that this could be correlated to sudden death. Quite interesting, substantial evidence from epidemiological and case-control studies indicates that omega-3 reduces the risk of cardiovascular mortality, particularly sudden cardiac death. In accordance to the above mentioned findings, as omega-3 fatty acids per se have a direct cardiovascular protective role, our paper hypothesized that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in ASD patients treated with atypical antipsychotic drugs may reduce cardiac arrhythmias and hence sudden cardiac death.
Evaluation of Influencing Factors on Metabolism of Land-Based <i>n</i>-3 Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acids-The KoALA Study; This study aimed to investigate the impact of influencing factors (sex, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) status at baseline, linoleic acid (LA) intake, milk fat intake) on the conversion of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) obtained from linseed oil into its long-chain metabolites. In addition, the effect of ALA on cardiovascular risk markers was investigated. This study used a parallel design approach by randomly assigning the 134 subjects to one of four diets (high in LA (HLA); low in LA (LLA); high in milk fat (MF); control (Western diet)) each enriched with linseed oil (10 en%, 22-27 mL estimates 13-16 g ALA). Blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4, 8, and 12 weeks of dietary intervention. The study was fully completed by 105 subjects (57.4 +/- 12.1 years; 65.7% female). Results showed that ALA (296-465%), C-20:4n3 (54-140%), and EPA (37-73%) concentrations in erythrocytes increased in all groups (p < 0.01). In contrast, docosahexaenoic acid (19-35%, p < 0.01) and n-3 index (10-21%, p < 0.05) dropped in the HLA, LLA, and control groups. An increase in C-22:5n3 was only observed in the MF (36%) and control groups (11%) (p < 0.05). In addition, an increase in LA (7-27%) was found in the HLA, LLA, and control groups, whereas C-20:3n6 (16-22%), arachidonic acid (10-16%), C-22:4n6 (12-30%), and C-22:5n6 (32-47%) decreased (p < 0.01). The conversion into EPA was higher in men than in women (69 vs. 39%, p = 0.043) and in subjects with low EPA status compared to participants with high EPA status (79 vs. 29%, p < 0.001). A high LA status attenuates the conversion rate. In line with the literature, no clear effects on blood lipids and parameters of glucose metabolism were found in relation to ALA supplementation.
Omega-3 fatty acids for cardioprotection; The most compelling evidence for the cardiovascular benefit provided by omega-3 fatty acids comes from 3 large controlled trials of 32,000 participants randomized to receive omega-3 fatty acid supplements containing docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or to act as controls. These trials showed reductions in cardiovascular events of 19% to 45%. These findings suggest that intake of omega-3 fatty acids, whether from dietary sources or fish oil supplements, should be increased, especially in those with or at risk for coronary artery disease. Patients should consume both DHA and EPA. The target DHA and EPA consumption levels are about 1 g/d for those with known coronary artery disease and at least 500 mg/d for those without disease. Patients with hypertriglyceridemia benefit from treatment with 3 to 4 g/d of DHA and EPA, a dosage that lowers triglyceride levels by 20% to 50%. Although 2 meals of oily fish per week can provide 400 to 500 mg/d of DHA and EPA, secondary prevention patients and those with hypertriglyceridemia must use fish oil supplements if they are to reach 1 g/d and 3 to 4 g/d of DHA and EPA, respectively. Combination therapy with omega-3 fatty acids and a statin is a safe and effective way to improve lipid levels and cardiovascular prognosis beyond the benefits provided by statin therapy alone. Blood DHA and EPA levels could one day be used to identity patients with deficient levels and to individualize therapeutic recommendations.
Effect of varying the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids by increasing the dietary intake of α-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid, or both on fibrinogen and clotting factors VII and XII in persons aged 45-70 y:: the OPTILIP Study; Background: Elevated fibrinogen, activated factor XII (FXIIa), and factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) are associated with higher risk of fatal ischemic heart disease. This study tested the hypothesis that lowering the dietary ratio of n-6 to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6:n-3) would modify these risk factors in older men and women.
PUFA, genotypes and risk for cardiovascular disease; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are long chain fatty acids that are characterized by the presence of more than one double bond. These include fatty acids such as omega-3-alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and omega-6 -linoleic acid (LA) which can only be obtained from dietary sources and are therefore termed essential fatty acids. They contain the building blocks for dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid and arachidonic acid in the omega-6 family as well as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the omega-3 family. Both ALA and LA are important constituents of animal and plant cell membranes and are important components of anti-inflammatory and pro-inflammatory hormones and therefore, often modulate cellular immunity under chronic inflammatory states. The variation in physiological PUFA levels is under significant genetic influence, the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) genes being key regulators of PUFA metabolism. These genetic variants have been shown to alter fatty acid metabolism and influence the onset and progression of various metabolic conditions. This detailed review discusses the role of PUFAs, diet and genotypes in risk for cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of Inca peanut oil on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, physicochemical, texture and sensory properties in chicken sausage; Sacha inchi (Inca peanut) is a well-known oilseed with high polyunsaturated fatty acid content. Therefore, Inca peanut oil (IPO) may be potentially used as an animal fat substitute in meat products. In the present study, the effects of substitution of chicken fat with IPO (0.5-1.5 g/100 g of ground chicken) on the nutritional, physicochemical, textural, and sensory properties of the resulting sausage was investigated. The findings revealed that saturated fat content, omega-6/omega-3 ratio, and the atherogenic and thrombogenic index values declined, whereas omega-3 fatty acid content increased. In addition, the use of 0.5 g/100 g IPO improved the emulsion stability without affecting the cooking loss and texture properties of sausages. In sausages containing 0.5-1.5 g/100 g IPO, there were no significant alterations in the textural properties or the protein carbonyl and thiol content. However, an increase in TBARS value was observed in the sausage containing 1.5 g/100 g IPO during 21 days of refrigerated storage. Moreover, substituting of chicken fat with IPO (0.5 g/100 g) did not affect the sausage sensory acceptability. These findings demonstrate that IPO use can increase the omega-3 fatty acid while lowering saturated fat content, as well as improve the omega-6/omega-3 ratio in chicken sausages.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Heart Rate Variability in Depressed Patients With Coronary Heart Disease; Objective: To determine whether omega-3 fatty acid (FA) increases the natural log of very low frequency (InVLF) power, an index of heart rate variability (HRV), and reduces 24-hour heart rate (HR) in depressed patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Low intake of omega-3 FAs is associated with depression and with low HRV, and all three are associated with an increased risk of death in patients with CHD. Methods: Thirty-six depressed patients with CHD randomized to receive 50 mg of sertraline and 2 g of omega-3/day, and 36 randomized to sertraline and a placebo, had 24-hour HRV measured at baseline and after 10 weeks of treatment. Results: There was a significant treatment x time interaction for covariate adjusted InVLF (p =.009), for mean 24-hour HR (p = .03), and for 1-minute resting HR (p = .02). The interaction was not significant for three other measures of H RV. LnVLF did not change over time in the omega-3 arm but decreased in the placebo arm (p = .002), suggesting that omega-3 may have prevented or slowed deterioration in cardiac autonomic function. Conclusions: The effects of omega-3 FAs on InVLF and HR, although modest, were detected after only 10 weeks of treatment with 2 g per day of omega-3. Whether a longer course of treatment or a higher dose of omega-3 would further decrease HR, improve other indices of HRV, or reduce mortality in depressed CHD patients should be investigated.
Supplementation with B vitamins or n-3 fatty acids and depressive symptoms in cardiovascular disease survivors: ancillary findings from the SUpplementation with FOLate, vitamins B-6 and B-12 and/or OMega-3 fatty acids (SU.FOL.OM3) randomized trial; Background: Dietary factors might affect depressive symptoms.
Effects of adenoviral gene transfer of <i>C-elegans</i> n-3 fatty acid desaturase on the lipid profile and growth of human breast cancer cells; Background: Current evidence from both experimental and human studies indicates that omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs) promote breast tumor development, whereas long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert suppressive effects. The ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids appears to be an important factor in controlling tumor development. Human cells usually have a very high n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio because they cannot convert n-6 PUFAs to n-3 PUFAs due to lack of an n-3 desaturase found in C. elegans. Materials and Methods: Adenoviral strategies were used to introduce the C. elegans fat-1 gene encoding an n-3 fatty acid desaturase into human breast cancer cells followed by examination of the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio and growth of the cells. Results: Infection of MCF-7 cells with an adenovirus carrying the fat-1 gene resulted in a high expression of the n-3 fatty acid desaturase. Lipid analysis indicated a remarkable increase in the levels of n-3 PUFAs accompanied with a large decrease in the contents of n-6 PUFAs, leading to a change of the n-6/n-3 ratio from 12.0 to 0.8. Accordingly, production of the eicosanoids derived from n-6 PUFA was reduced significantly in cells expressing the fat-1 gene. Importantly, the gene transfer induced mass cell death and inhibited cell proliferation. Conclusion: The gene transfer of the n-3 fatty acid desaturase, as a novel approach, can effectively modify the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio of human tumor cells and provide an anticancer effect, without the need of exogenous n-3 PUFA supplementation. These data also increase the understanding of the effects of n-3 fatty acids and the n-6/n-3 ratio on cancer prevention and treatment.
POTENTIAL VALUE OF OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN THE PREVENTION OF ATHEROSCLEROSIS AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; Several epidemiological studies have shown decreased cardiovascular mortality and a lower incidence of coronary artery disease in subjects with high dietary intakes of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Effect and mechanism of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on intestinal injury in rats with obstructive jaundice; OBJECTIVE: Obstructive jaundice (OJ) is a common clinical pathological syndrome in hepatobiliary surgery. High incidence of multiple organ injuries during perioperative period and its associated mortality remains challenging in clinical practice. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) is an important enteral immune nutrition. This study investigated the protective role of omega- 3 PUFA in the regulation of inflammatory response in OJ.
A Novel Anti-Inflammatory Role of Omega-3 PUFAs in Prevention and Treatment of Atherosclerosis and Vascular Cognitive Impairment and Dementia; Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory chronic disease affecting arterial vessels and leading to vascular diseases, such as stroke and myocardial infarction. The relationship between atherosclerosis and risk of neurodegeneration has been established, in particular with vascular cognitive impairment and dementia (VCID). Systemic atherosclerosis increases the risk of VCID by inducing cerebral infarction, or through systemic or local inflammatory factors that underlie both atherosclerosis and cognition. Omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are involved in inflammatory processes, but with opposite roles. Specifically, omega-3 PUFAs exert anti-inflammatory properties by competing with omega-6 PUFAs and displacing arachidonic acid in membrane phospholipids, decreasing the production of pro-inflammatory eicosanoids. Experimental studies and some clinical trials have demonstrated that omega-3 PUFA supplementation may reduce the risk of different phenotypes of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. This review describes the link between atherosclerosis, VCID and inflammation, as well as how omega-3 PUFA supplementation may be useful to prevent and treat inflammatory-related diseases.
Fish and Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Sex and Racial Differences in Cardiovascular Outcomes and Cognitive Function; Both cardiovascular disease (CVD) and cognitive decline are common features of aging. One in 5 deaths is cardiac for both men and women in the United States, and an estimated 50 million are currently living with dementia worldwide. In this review, we summarize sex and racial differences in the role of fish and its very long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), in preventing CVD events and cognitive decline. In prospective studies, women with higher nonfried and fatty fish intake and women and Black individuals with higher plasma levels of EPA and DHA had a lower risk of CVD. In randomized controlled trials of EPA and DHA supplementation in primary CVD prevention, Black subjects benefited in a secondary outcome. In secondary CVD prevention, both men and women benefited, and Asians benefited as a prespecified subgroup. Fish and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with prevention of cognitive decline in prospective studies. In randomized controlled trials of EPA and DHA supplementation, women have cognitive benefit. DHA seems more beneficial than EPA, and supplementation is more beneficial when started before cognitive decline. Although studies in women and racial groups are limited, life-long intake of nonfried and fatty fish lowers the risk of CVD and cognitive decline, and randomized controlled trials also show the benefit of EPA and DHA supplementation. These findings should be factored into recommendations for future research and clinical recommendations as dietary modalities could be cost-effective for disease prevention.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid use on sepsis and mortality in patients with Covid-19; Background: This study aimed to investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acid use on sepsis and mortality in patients treated for COVID-19 disease in the intensive care unit (ICU) based on clinical and laboratory results.Aim: To determine the effect of omega-3 fatty acid use on sepsis and mortality in patients with COVID-19. Patients and Methods: A total of 80 patients with confirmed COVID-19 infection who were hospitalized in the ICU of Ankara City Hospital, received (n = 40) or did not receive (n = 40) omega-3 fatty acid dietary supplementation, were included in this single-center, retrospective study. The clinical and laboratory data of eligible patients were extracted from the hospital records.Results: The mean age was 65.5 (13.6). The mean length of stay in the intensive care unit was 11.5 (6.3) days. Mortality and sepsis development rates were similar in the groups. The frequency of patients who received pulse steroid therapy was higher in the group of patients who did not receive omega-3 (P < 0.05). Hypertension was more common in the patient group receiving omega-3 supplements (P < 0.05). Mean procalcitonin and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels were significantly lower in patients who received omega-3 supplements compared to those who did not receive supplements (P < 0.001 and P < 0.05). Mean prothrombin time (PT) was shorter in patients receiving omega-3 supplementation (P < 0.05).Conclusions: Study results obtained in this study indicate that providing omega-3 fatty acid supplements may be beneficial to patients with severe COVID-19, however further research with large-scale randomized controlled trials is necessary.
Endogenously Generated Omega-3 Fatty Acids Attenuate Vascular Inflammation and Neointimal Hyperplasia by Interaction With Free Fatty Acid Receptor 4 in Mice; Background-Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFAs) suppress inflammation through activation of free fatty acid receptor 4 (FFAR4), but this pathway has not been explored in the context of cardiovascular disease. We aimed to elucidate the involvement of FFAR4 activation by omega 3 PUFAs in the process of vascular inflammation and neointimal hyperplasia in mice.
The role of neoadjuvant FLOT chemotherapy with and without omega 3 in locally advanced gastric carcinoma; Purpose: Gastric is the third leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide with two third of the cases presented in advanced stage with resultant increased morbidity and mortality. The purpose of the study was to investigate the nutritional intervention with and without omega 3 fatty acids.
Omega-3: A link between global climate change and human health; In recent years, global climate change has been shown to detrimentally affect many biological and environmental factors, including those of marine ecosystems. In particular, global climate change has been linked to an increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide, UV irradiation, and ocean temperatures, resulting in decreased marine phytoplankton growth and reduced synthesis of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Marine phytoplankton are the primary producers of omega-3 PUFAs, which are essential nutrients for normal human growth and development and have many beneficial effects on human health. Thus, these detrimental effects of climate change on the oceans may reduce the availability of omega-3 PUFAs in our diets, exacerbating the modern deficiency of omega-3 PUFAs and imbalance of the tissue omega-6/omega-3 PUFA ratio, which have been associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, and neurodegenerative disease. This article provides new insight into the relationship between global climate change and human health by identifying omega-3 PUFA availability as a potentially important link, and proposes a biotechnological strategy for addressing the potential shortage of omega-3 PUFAs in human diets resulting from global climate change. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the impact of ω-3 fatty acids on selected arrhythmia outcomes in animal models; Epidemiological studies and clinical trials report the beneficial effects of fish or fish oil consumption on cardiovascular disease outcomes including sudden death. We performed a systematic review of the literature on controlled animal studies that assessed the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on selected arrhythmia outcomes. On the basis of predetermined criteria, 27 relevant animal studies were identified; 23 of these were feeding studies, and 4 were infusion studies. Across species, fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid, and/or docosahexaenoic acid appear to have beneficial effects on ventricular tachycardia (VT) and fibrillation (VF) in ischemia- but not reperfusion-induced arrhythmia models; no effect on the incidence of death and infarct size; and inconsistent results with regard to arrhythmia score, VF threshold, ventricular premature beats or length of time in normal sinus rhythm, compared to omega-6, monounsaturated, or saturated fatty acids, and no treatment controls. In a metaanalysis of 13 studies using rat models, fish oil but not alpha-linolenic acid supplementation showed a significant protective effect for ischemia and reperfusion-induced arrhythmias by reducing the incidence of VT and VF. It is not known whether omega-3 fatty-acid supplementation has antiarrhythmic effects in other disease settings not related to ischemia. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Historical overview of n-3 fatty acids and coronary heart disease; The first evidence that fish oil fatty acids might have a beneficial effect on coronary heart disease came from the discovery that Greenland Eskimos, who have a diet high in n-3 fatty acids, have a lower mortality from coronary heart disease than do Danes and Americans. Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are essential in our diets and can be classified in 2 groups: n-6 fatty acids found in plant seeds and n-3 fatty acids found in marine vertebrates. Further evidence of n-3 benefits to human health include a 1989 study demonstrating a 29% reduction in fatal cardiac arrhythmias among subjects with a recent myocardial infarction who had been advised to consume fish oil. The GISSI-Prevenzione Trial found a significant reduction in relative reduction of death, cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and stroke in subjects consuming n-3 fatty acids. In a recent study, subjects with implanted cardiac defibrillators (ICDs) at high risk for fatal ventricular arrhythmias were randomly assigned to four 1-g capsules of either an ethyl ester concentrate of n-3 fatty acids or olive oil daily for 12 mo. Subjects receiving n-3 who thus had significantly higher levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in their red blood cell membranes showed a longer time to first ICD events and had a significantly lower relative risk of having an ICD event or probable event (P = 0.033). These studies demonstrate that fish oil fatty acids have beneficial effects on coronary heart disease.
The role of omega-3 in the prevention and treatment of sarcopenia; Sarcopenia is a geriatric syndrome with increasing importance due to the aging of the population. It is known to impose a major burden in terms of morbidity, mortality and socio-economic costs. Therefore, adequate preventive and treatment strategies are required. Progressive resistance training and protein supplementation are currently recommended for the prevention and treatment of sarcopenia. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) might be an alternative therapeutic agent for sarcopenia due to their anti-inflammatory properties, which target the inflammaging', the age-related chronic low-grade inflammation which is assumed to contribute to the development of sarcopenia. In addition, omega-3 PUFAs may also have an anabolic effect on muscle through activation of the mTOR signaling and reduction of insulin resistance. This narrative review provides an overview of the current knowledge about omega-3 PUFAs and their role in the prevention and treatment of sarcopenia. We conclude that there is growing evidence for a beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFAs supplementation in sarcopenic older persons, which may add to the effect of exercise and/or protein supplementation. However, the exact dosage, frequency and use (alone or combined) in the treatment and prevention of sarcopenia still need further exploration.
Supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and effects on reproductive performance of sows; In studies of both humans and farm animals, the inclusion of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet have been shown to have beneficial effects on many physiological processes including reproduction. The aim of this study was to examine the effects of supplementary omega-3 on sow reproductive performance and piglet survival. Salmon oil (1 %) was fed to sows throughout gestation and lactation as a source of omega-3 and sows were followed through their subsequent parity when returned to a commercial gestation and lactation diet. It was hypothesised that sows fed omega-3 would show improved piglet survivability (+2 %) and an increased litter size (one extra piglet born alive per litter) in the second experimental period compared with a soya oil supplemented control. Supplementation of 1 % salmon oil across one parity increased the body weight of sows at weaning (p = 0.01) and these sows maintained on average 4 kg +/- 2.3 more over the lactation period than soya oil supplemented controls. Sows that were followed across a second un-supplemented reproductive period were heavier at farrowing (p < 0.01) and weaning (p < 0.05), had a higher condition score at farrowing and tended to have a higher condition score (p = 0.063) and back fat at weaning (p = 0.073) when they had received salmon oil in the previous reproductive cycle. However, salmon oil increased pre-weaning mortality by 2.4 % in the first reproductive period (p < 0.05) and significantly reduced litter weight at birth (ca 600 g; p < 0.05). Pre-weaning mortality was reduced by 3.4 % in the second experimental period when supplementation of both salmon oil and the soya oil control had ceased (p < 0.001). This effect tended to be greater for sows previously supplemented with omega-3. There was no effect on litter size, or the number of piglets born alive.
ω6/ω3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACID SUPPLEMENTATIONS IN RENAL CELL MODEL LEAD TO A PARTICULAR REGULATION THROUGH LIPIDOME FOR PRESERVED ω6/ω3 RATIOS; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementations modify cell lipid composition leading to a change in cell function. However, the effect of PUFA supplementations in renal model cell on the kidney epithelial cells membrane fatty acid profile is not known. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the effects of PUFAs with different omega 6/omega 3 ratios supplementations in the kidney epithelial cells and the type of supplementation that can be used as cellular protection during kidney transplantation. For that, we used as model the LLCPK-1 cell and determined their membrane fatty acid (FA) composition after supplementation with three different commercial food supplements. These supplements consist of S1: docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with omega 6/omega 3 ratio = 0.1, S2: DHA, EPA, linoleic acid (LA) and gamma-linoleic acid (GLA) with omega 6/omega 3 ratio = 2.5, or S3: alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and LA with omega 6/omega 3 ratio near 1. Cells were incubated for 24 hr with 30 mu M of omega 3 fatty acids from each supplement. Fatty acid composition of control and experimental groups was analysed by gas chromatography after extraction of lipids and fatty acids methylation. The efficiency of cell PUFA supplementation was achieved by showing 2 to 4 fold increases in cell PUFA incorporation. Whatever the supplementation used, the cell saturated fatty acids (SFA) were decreased by 50% following the three supplementations used (p<0.001) as compared to control group. These decreases in SFA were compensated in part by increasing monounsaturated fatty acid levels. All these changes were observed with constant of cell omega 6/omega 3 ratio whatever the supplementations used. These data suggest that the supplements, with long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids or their precursors, lead to important regulation in the lipidome (desaturases and elongases) associated to preserved omega 6/omega 3 ratios. The fatty acids remodeling may represent an interesting new mechanism by which renal FA homoestasis could occurred.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid promotes the inhibition of glycolytic enzymes and mTOR signaling by regulating the tumor suppressor LKB1; The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3PUFAs) are a class of lipids biologically effective for the treatment of inflammatory disorders, cardiovascular disease and cancer. Patients consuming a high dietary intake of omega 3PUFAs have shown a low incidence of metabolic disorders, including cancer. Although the effects of omega 3PUFAs intake was shown to be involved in the prevention and treatment of these diseases, the underlying molecular mechanisms involved are not well understood. Here, we show that omega 3PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) enhanced the tumor suppressor function of LKB1. We observed that when LKB1 expressing cells are treated with DHA, there is an increase in LKB1 activity leading to phosphorylation of AMPK and inhibition of mTOR signaling. Abrogation of LKB1 in MCF-7 cells by siRNA reversed this phenotype. Furthermore, cellular metabolism was altered and ATP levels were reduced in response to DHA treatment, which was further attenuated in cells expressing LKB1. More importantly, in mammary epithelial cells expressing LKB1, the rate of glycolysis was decreased as a result of diminished expression of glycolytic enzymes. Functionally, these events lead to a decrease in the migration potential of these cells. Overall, our discovery shows for the first time that LKB1 function is enhanced in response to omega 3PUFA treatment, thereby resulting in the regulation of cell metabolism.
Higher ratio of plasma omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is associated with greater risk of all-cause, cancer, and cardiovascular mortality: A population-based cohort study in UK Biobank; Background: Circulating omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been associated with various chronic diseases and mortality, but results are conflicting. Few studies examined the role of omega-6/omega-3 ratio in mortality.
Endogenously Decreasing Tissue n-6/n-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Reduces Atherosclerotic Lesions in <i>Apolipoprotein</i> E-Deficient Mice by Inhibiting Systemic and Vascular Inflammation; Objective-To use the fat-1 transgenic mouse model to determine the role of tissue n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio in atherosclerotic plaque formation. Although it has been suggested that a low ratio of n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is more desirable in reducing the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, the role of tissue n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio in atherosclerosis has not been sufficiently tested in a well-controlled experimental system. The fat-1 transgenic mouse model, expressing an n-3 fatty acid desaturase, is capable of producing n-3 PUFAs from n-6 PUFAs and thereby has a ratio of n-6/n-3 fatty acids close to 1:1 in tissues and organs.
Omega-3 The Overlooked Evidence-Based Therapy for Heart Failure; mpressive scientific evidence continues to accumulate supporting the use of omega-3 in the treatment and/or prevention of heart failure Failure) trial enrolled 6,975 patients in New York Heart Association functional classes II-IV HF with reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and mean LVEFs of 33%, and randomized them in a double-blind protocol to either placebo or 840 mg of omega-3 fatty acids that consisted of 460 mg/day of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + 380 mg/day of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).1 After 3.9 years, omega-3 reduced both primary endpoints of the trial, including: 1) death or hospitalization for cardiovascular (CV) reasons by 8% (P = 0.009), with a number needed to treat (NNT) of 44; and 2) death from any cause by 9% (P = 0.041) with NNT of 56. At baseline, the patients in GISSI-HF were already treated with recommended HF therapies, and the benefits from omega-3 were consistent among all prespecified subgroups, including the 50% of the trial participants who had HF caused by ischemic cardiomyopathy and in the nonischemic cardiomyopathy group as well.1 Considering that omega-3 had a placebo-like side effect profile and produced
Ameliorative effect of omega-3 on spermatogenesis, testicular antioxidant status and preimplantation embryo development in streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats; The present study was done to determine the ameliorative effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid omega-3 against experimental diabetes-induced damages on testicular tissue, sperm parameters and preimplantation embryo development in rat model.
Effects of Marine-Derived Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Systemic Hemodynamics at Rest and During Stress: a Dose-Response Study; Background Omega-3 fatty acids reduced heart rate (HR) and blood pressure (BP) in some studies, but dose-response studies are rare, and little is known about underlying mechanisms.
Whole blood omega-3 fatty acid concentrations are inversely associated with blood pressure in young, healthy adults; Background:Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) may have blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects in untreated hypertensive and elderly patients. The effect of n-3 FA on BP in young, healthy adults remains unknown. The Omega-3 Index reliably reflects an individuals' omega-3 status. We hypothesized that the Omega-3 Index is inversely associated with BP levels in young healthy adults.Methods:The current study (n=2036) is a cross-sectional study investigating the baseline characteristics of a cohort, which includes healthy adults, age 25-41 years. Individuals with cardiovascular disease, known diabetes or a BMI higher than 35kg/m(2) were excluded. The Omega-3 Index was determined in whole blood using gas chromatography. Association with office and 24-h BP was assessed using multivariable linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders.Results:Median Omega-3 Index was 4.58% (interquartile range 4.08; 5.25). Compared with individuals in the lowest Omega-3 Index quartile, individuals in the highest had a SBP and DBP that was 4 and 2mmHg lower, respectively (P<0.01). A significant linear inverse relationship of the Omega-3 Index with 24-h and office BP was observed. Per 1-U increase in log-transformed Omega-3 Index the lowering in BP (given as multivariable adjusted coefficients; 95% confidence interval) was -2.67mmHg (-4.83; -0.51; P=0.02) and -2.30mmHg (-3.92; -0.68; P=0.005) for 24-h SBP and DBP, respectively.Conclusion:A higher Omega-3 Index is associated with statistically significant, clinically relevant lower SBP and DBP levels in normotensive young and healthy individuals. Diets rich in n-3 FA may be a strategy for primary prevention of hypertension.
Omega-3 versus isoflavones in the control of vasomotor symptoms in postmenopausal women; Determine the efficacy and tolerability of omega-3 fatty acids versus soybean isoflavones in reducing the vasomotor symptoms (VMSs) frequency in postmenopausal women. A randomized, prospective, two-arm study was performed in healthy postmenopausal women aged 45-65. The two arms were: two capsules/day of omega-3 (425mg of omega-3/capsule) administered orally (n=38) and two tablets/day of soybean isoflavones (54.4mg of isoflavones/tablet) (n=30), over 16weeks. The mean baseline frequency of moderate and severe VMSs per week in the omega-3 group was 24.56 and 23.90, respectively, and 19.65 and 19.51 in the isoflavone group. After 4months, the reduction in moderate and severe hot flashes with omega-3 was significant (p<.001), whereas in the case of isoflavones, there was a significant difference in severe (p=.02) hot flashes after 4months, but not in moderate hot flashes (p=.077). Omega-3 did not demonstrate significant efficacy differences versus isoflavones over time. The use of omega-3 has a beneficial effect on hot flash reduction after 4months of treatment. This is comparable to the benefits found with soybean isoflavones after 3-4weeks and after 4months in severe hot flash women, but higher than those found with soybean isoflavones in moderate symptom women.
Antiarrhythmogenic effect of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters in a patient treated with Omacor after a non-Q-wave myocardial infarction; An 84-year-old man reported several episodes of palpitations over the previous 6 months. He had a history of a prior non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (Ml) and had received a dual-chamber pacemaker for control of subsequent sick sinus syndrome. Pacemaker data revealed 8000 premature ventricular beats (PVBs) daily and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT).
Effect of dietary canola oil on long-chain omega-3 fatty acid content in broiler hearts; Young and healthy broilers are susceptible to sudden death syndrome (SDS), which is caused by cardiac arrhythmia. The long-chain 'fish-type' omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have cardioprotective anti-arrhythmic effects in animals and humans. Raising the cardiac level of EPA and DHA in chickens may protect against SDS. However, fish oil as a source of EPA and DHA in poultry feed is costly and introduces undesirable properties to the meat. Whilst omega-3 vegetable oils, such as canola oil, are cheaper and do not have a strong odour, they contain the short-chain fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid, which requires conversion to EPA and DHA after ingestion. We investigated the capacity for dietary canola oil to elevate cardiac EPA and DHA in broilers. Broilers were fed with diets containing either 3% canola oil or tallow, which is currently used in some commercial feeds. Upon completion of a 42day feeding trial, canola oil significantly increased EPA and EPA+DHA in heart phospholipids relative to tallow. The elevation in cardiac EPA and EPA+DHA may provide anti-arrhythmic effects and protect against SDS in poultry. This proof-of-concept biochemical study suggests that a larger study to assess the clinical outcome of SDS may be warranted.
Investigation of long chain omega-3 PUFAs on arterial blood pressure, vascular reactivity and survival in angiotensin II-infused Apolipoprotein E-knockout mice; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is an inflammatory vascular disease. Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) decrease inflammation and oxidative stress in an angiotensin II-infused apolipoprotein E-knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mouse model of AAA. This study investigated the effects of LC n-3 PUFAs on blood pressure and vascular reactivity in fourteen angiotensin II-infused ApoE(-/-) male mice. Blood pressure was obtained using a non-invasive tail cuff method and whole blood was collected by cardiac puncture. Vascular reactivity of the thoracic aorta was assessed using wire myography and activation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) was determined by immunohistochemistry. A high LC n-3 PUFA diet increased the omega-3 index and reduced the n-6 to n-3 PUFA ratio. At day 10 post-infusion with angiotensin II, there was no difference in systolic blood pressure or diastolic blood pressure in mice fed the high or low n-3 PUFA diets. The high LC n-3 PUFA diet resulted in a non-significant trend for delay in time to death from abdominal aortic rupture. Vascular reactivity and eNOS activation remained unchanged in mice fed the high compared to the low LC n-3 PUFA diet. This study argues against direct improvement in vascular reactivity in ApoE(-/-) mice that were supplemented with n-3 PUFA for 8weeks prior to infusion with angiotensin II.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation to Prevent Arteriovenous Fistula and Graft Failure: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Arteriovenous access failure frequently occurs in people on hemodialysis and is associated with morbidity, mortality and large healthcare expenditures. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) may improve access outcomes via pleiotropic effects on access maturation and function, but may cause bleeding complications.
Proportions of long-chain ω-3 fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes of Canadian adults: Results from the Canadian Health Measures Survey 2012-2015; Background: The Omega-3 Index (OI) is a proposed marker of coronary artery disease (CAD) risk. Another index, the EPA/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio has also been proposed as a possible risk marker for CAD.
Changing the omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio in sow diets alters serum, colostrum, and milk fatty acid profiles, but has minimal impact on reproductive performance; This experiment tested the hypothesis that reducing the omega-6 (n-6) to omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) ratio in sow diets will improve performance, characterized by increased litter size, decreased pre-weaning mortality, and improved growth performance. Second, we determined if the FA profile in sow and piglet blood, colostrum, and milk are altered when sows are fed diets with varied n-6: n-3 ratios and if the dietary FA ratio impacts circulating concentrations of IgG, IgA, eicosapentaenoic (EPA), or docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid. Sows (n = 150) were assigned to 1 of 5 treatments (each divided into gestation and lactation diets) on d 80 of gestation. Period 1 (P1) is defined as d 80 of gestation to weaning and Period 2 (P2) refers to the subsequent breeding to weaning. Diets were wheat and barley based (5% crude fat) and treatments consisted of a control (tallow), 3 diets with plant oil-based n-6: n-3 ratios (9:1P, 5: 1P, and 1: 1P), and a 5: 1 fish oil diet (5:1F). Litter size was unaffected by treatment during P1 and P2 (P > 0.10). In P1, birth weight was unaffected by diet (P > 0.10); however, weaning weight (P = 0.019) and ADG from birth to weaning (P = 0.011) were greatest for piglets born to 9: 1P and 5: 1P sows. During P2, 5: 1F sows consumed 10% less feed during lactation (P = 0.036), tended to have reduced piglet birth weights (P = 0.052), and piglet weaning weight was reduced by 0.8 kg (P = 0.040) relative to the other diets. Colostrum and piglet serum IgA and IgG concentrations were unaffected by diet (P > 0.10). Serum n-3 FA were greatest in sows (P < 0.01) consuming 1: 1P and 5: 1F diets and in their offspring (P = 0.014). Serum alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) was greatest in 1: 1P sows and EPA and DHA were greatest in 5: 1F sows (P < 0.01). In pre-suckle piglet serum, ALA did not differ among treatment groups (P > 0.10). Relative to piglets of sows consuming the control diet, EPA was 2.5-fold greater in the 1: 1P group and 4-fold greater in 5: 1F group (P < 0.01) before suckling. In post-suckle samples, ALA was greatest in piglets from the 1: 1P sows (P < 0.01) and EPA and DHA were greatest in piglets from the 5: 1F sows (P < 0.01). Feeding diets with plant-based n-6: n-3 ratios of 5: 1 or 1: 1 did not impact performance relative to a control group but improved the conversion of ALA into EPA and increased the transfer of n-3 to piglets through milk. When a fish-based 5: 1 ratio diet was fed, pre-weaning mortality was increased, and piglet birth and weaning weights decreased.
Short term effects of ω-3 fatty acids on the radial artery of patients with coronary artery disease; Long-term dietary omega-3 fatty acids improve coronary endothelial function in CAD patients, heart transplant recipients and diabetics. This study assessed whether short term w-3 fatty acids affect radial artery function in CAD patients. A high resolution A-mode echotracking device (NIUS 02) was used to measure continuously, radial artery internal diameter at rest, during flow mediated vasodilation (FMD), during cold pressure test (CPT), and after sublingual glyceryl trinitrate (GTN). We studied 18 male CAD patients in a randomized, double blind, placebo controlled design. Between pre- and post-intervention measurements 24 h apart, nine subjects received 18 g fish oil concentrate (6.4 g eicosapentaenoic acid and 3.9 g docosahexaenoic acid) and nine subjects Is g placebo. In the placebo group correlation between both baseline diameters was 0.98; P < 0.001. Pre-intervention FMD was 7.5 +/- 5.6%, CPT mediated vasoconstriction was 3.8 +/- 2.5%, and GTN induced vasodilation was 15.7 +/- 9.8%. Vascular responses post-intervention showed no significant difference to pre intervention, there was no significant difference between both treatment groups. The radial artery does not seem to be an immediate target for vasodilatory actions of w-3 fatty acids. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The omega-3 index in patients with heart failure: A prospective cohort study; Background: Epidemiologic studies on the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in heart failure are scarce, while one large intervention trial demonstrated a modest benefit.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Food and Pharma: The Enabling Role of Biotechnology; Omega-3 fatty acid research, which began as an epidemiologic curiosity, has generated perhaps the strongest dataset for any nutrient in regard to cardiovascular disease risk reduction. Although once a relatively descriptive field, advances in analytic techniques have opened up the biochemistry of omega-3 fatty acids and nutritional genomics in plants and man and have taken the field into the "omic" era. Despite this progress, fundamental questions remain unanswered, such as which fatty acid or metabolite thereof drives a given health benefit, how much of a given fatty acid should we consume, and how do we best source the requisite fatty acids? Of these questions, the ability to source omega-3 fatty acids in order to meet dietary guidelines has become a practical concern. The advent of novel oils from plants and single cell organisms as enabled by biotechnology may provide a solution to this problem and in the process open up new uses for omega-3 fatty acids in dietary supplements and drugs.
Omega-3 supplementation and outcomes of heart failure: A systematic review of clinical trials; Backgrounds:
The importance of the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 essential fatty acids; Several sources of information suggest that human beings evolved on a diet with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 essential fatty acids (EFA) of -1 whereas in Western diets the ratio is 15/1-16.7/1. Western diets are deficient in omega-3 fatty acids, and have excessive amounts of omega-6 fatty acids compared with the diet on which human beings evolved and their genetic patterns were established. Excessive amounts of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and a very high omega-6/omega-3 ratio, as is found in today's Western diets, promote the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, whereas increased levels of omega-3 PUFA (a low omega-6/omega-3 ratio) exert suppressive effects. In the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, a ratio of 4/1 was associated with a 70% decrease in total mortality. A ratio of 2.5/1 reduced rectal cell proliferation in patients with colorectal cancer, whereas a ratio of 4/1 with the same amount of omega-3 PUFA had no effect. The lower omega-6/omega-3 ratio in women with breast cancer was associated with decreased risk. A ratio of 2-3/1 suppressed inflammation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and a ratio of 511 had a beneficial effect on patients with asthma, whereas a ratio of 10/1 had adverse consequences. These studies indicate that the optimal ratio may vary with the disease under consideration. This is consistent with the fact that chronic diseases are multigenic and multifactorial. Therefore, it is quite possible that the therapeutic dose of omega-3 fatty acids will depend on the degree of severity of disease resulting from the genetic predisposition. A lower ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is more desirable in reducing the risk of many of the chronic diseases of high prevalence in Western societies, as well as in the developing countries, that are being exported to the rest of the world. (C) 2002 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed oil and fish-oil capsule consumption alters human red blood cell n-3 fatty acid composition:: a multiple-dosing trial comparing 2 sources of n-3 fatty acid; Background:An increase in plasma n-3 fatty acid content, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3; DHA), is observed after consumption of fish oil enriched supplements. Because alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3; ALA) is the direct precursor of EPA and DHA, ALA-enriched supplements such as flax may have a similar effect, although this hypothesis has been challenged because of reported low conversion of ALA into DHA.
Cardiometabolic risks and omega-3 index in recent-onset bipolar I disorder; ObjectivesMethodsThe aims of the present study were to characterize cardiometabolic risk factors in a cohort of bipolar disorder patients with limited exposure to psychotropic medications, and to evaluate their associations with mood symptoms and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) blood levels.
Overview of Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acid Products for Hypertriglyceridemia; Patients with elevated triglycerides (TG) may be at a higher risk for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs), particularly the long-chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), effectively reduce TG and thus may impact CV outcomes; however, clinical data have been inconsistent. This review discusses the efficacy, safety, and key considerations of currently approved prescription OM3FA products in patients with elevated TG with or without concomitant elevations in other atherogenic parameters. Currently, 6 prescription OM3FA formulations are approved in the United States: omega-3-acid ethyl esters (Lovaza, Omtryg, and 2 generic formulations), omega-3-carboxylic acids (Epanova), which contain both EPA and DHA, and icosapent ethyl (Vascepa), which is an EPA-only formulation. All prescription OM3FA products effectively lower TG, with the magnitude of TG reduction affected by baseline TG level. Products that contain DHA can raise levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, which is of particular concern in patients with atherosclerosis; Vascepa, however, does not raise these levels and therefore provides these patients with another option. Long-term outcomes trials for Vascepa (ongoing) and Epanova (planned) will help clarify the potential CV benefits in patients with persistent hypertriglyceridemia despite statin therapy.
Comparison of the effects of 3 kinds of oils rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on glycolipid metabolism and lipoprotein subfractions; Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (m-3 PUFAs) can be classified into animal-and plant-derived m-3 PUFAs. Patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are frequently accompanied by dyslipidemia, which is closely related to the high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) subfractions change. This study aimed to determine the effects of different sources m-3 PUFAs on glucolipid metabolism and lipoprotein subfractions in T2DM with dyslipidemia. Ninety T2DM patients with dyslipidemia were randomly assigned to take 3 g/day fish oil (FO, containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)), 3 g/day perilla oil (PO, containing a-linolenic acid (ALA)), or 3 g/day blend oil (BO, containing EPA, DHA and ALA) for 3 months. 90 patients completed the intervention. There was a significant reduction of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in all the groups. The triglycerides (TG) in the FO group were significantly different with a group x time interaction (P = 0.043), which was higher compared with the other two groups. The serum small HDL-C subfractions in the PO group was higher and the serum large HDL-C subfractions in the PO group was lower than those in the BO and FO groups. Plant-derived m-3 PUFAs are more effective at controlling blood glucose than animal-derived m-3 PUFAs. However, animal-derived m-3 PUFAs have a significant lowering effect on TG compared with plant-derived m-3 PUFAs. Particularly, large HDL-C subfractions after animal-derived m-3 PUFAs intake were higher than plant-derived m-3 PUFAs intake; while small HDL-C subfractions were lower. Both the animal-and plant-derived m-3 PUFAs have practical value in improving glucose and lipids metabolism in T2DM patients with dyslipidemia.(c) 2023 Beijing Academy of Food Sciences. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co., Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Perinatal nutrition enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids attenuates endotoxic shock in newborn rats; Sepsis and septic shock continue to have a high mortality and morbidity in the newborn. Eicosanoids are important mediators in Gram-negative septic shock. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) decrease production of biologically active 2-series eicosanoids. Therefore, we hypothesized that omega-3-enriched diet could decrease 2-series eicosanoids and attenuate endotoxic shock in newborn rats. Sprague-Dawley rat dams were fed with either omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched diet (omega-3PUFA) or omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched diet (omega-6PUFA; controls) from the 16th day of gestation until 10 days after parturition. In 10 day old rats, shock was induced by an intraperitoneal injection of Salmonella enteritidis lipopolysaccharide. The omega-3PUFA decreased the mortality of endotoxic shock, in omega-6PUFA, lipopolysaccharide induced hyperglycemia at 2 h and hypoglycemia thereafter without an elevation in plasma insulin concentration. omega-3PUFA attenuated the hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia. omega-3PUFA attenuated the decrease of liver phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase mRNA abundance, suggesting preserved gluconeogenesis, Therefore, perinatal feeding with omega-3PUFA was beneficial in attenuating glucose dyshomeostasis in newborn rats with endotoxic shock and may be a novel approach to the prevention of endotoxic shock in the newborn.
Fish oil omega-3 fatty acids and cardio-metabolic health, alone or with statins; The impact of the fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes incidence and risk has been widely investigated. Although the balance of evidence suggests substantial benefits with respect to CVD mortality, there is little evidence for an impact of these fatty acids on insulin sensitivity and diabetes incidence, despite very promising data from animal models. The focus here will be the plasma lipid modulatory effects of EPA and DHA and will include an exploration of the potential and demonstrated complementarity between statins and EPA/DHA on overall CVD risk and the plasma cholesterol and triglyceride profile. Although there is some justification for greater general population and patient EPA + DHA intakes, an often overlooked major obstacle is that global fish stocks are limited and insufficient to meet demands. The potential of emerging 'non-fish foods' to provide affordable and sustainable sources of EPA + DHA will also be briefly discussed.
Omega-3 fatty acids plus rosuvastatin improves endothelial function in South Asians with dyslipidemia; Background: The present study was undertaken to investigate the effect of statins plus omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on endothelial function and lipid profile in South Asians with dyslipidemia and endothelial dysfunction, a population at high risk for premature coronary artery disease.
Diet, exercise, long chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids and the metabolic syndrome; Up to now after many definition what is called metabolic syndrome includes this kind of dismetabolism: abnormal body fat distribution atherogenic dyslipidemia (including elevated trygliceride and small LDL particles) dysglycemia, insuline resistant, vascular dysregulation (beyond elevated blood pressure) prothrombotic state and hormonal factors which still are under study. Metabolic syndrome is not a disease per se, but is an "ensemble" of risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. In the present paper data will be presented on: a) a tentative to unify the diagnostic criteria after a deep loup in MS; b) effective interventions to reduce the incidence of MS; c) a comparison with the practical advices for life style intervention with the guide line prescribed by Enerzone; d) the rational for use at least twice a week of fatty fish from deep and cold water and the supplementation with LC PUFA Omega-3 fatty acids; e) the suggestion to study the relationship of simple and complex measures of the components of the MS to clinical events.
Essential fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: the Edinburgh Artery Study; The aim of this study was to determine whether plasma and red cell fatty acid levels were associated with cardiovascular disease, and whether any association was independent of other major risk factors. Over 1100 subjects were examined in a random sample survey of the general population (the Edinburgh Artery Study). Fatty acids were measured in three plasma fractions (triglyceride, cholesteryl ester and phospholipid) and in red cell phospholipids. Fatty acid levels in groups with cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction (MI), angina and lower limb disease) were compared with a no disease group. In the cholesteryl ester and phospholipid fractions there were significantly lower levels of eicosapentaenoic acid in the MI group on univariate analysis (p<0.05), but not when adjusted for age, sex, smoking and systolic blood pressure using logistic regression. In the red cell fraction, alpha-linolenic acid was significantly lower in those with stroke (p<0.01) and lower limb disease (p<0.05). Linoleic acid was significantly raised in the triglyceride fraction in those with MI, probably reflecting recent dietary changes. There were significant increases in dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid in the phospholipid and red cell fractions in those with MI, and in the phospholipid fraction in the stroke group. These results do not support the hypothesis that n-6 fatty acids are protective against cardiovascular disease, although there may be some beneficial effects of the n-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid. Results from cross-sectional surveys must, however, be interpreted with caution because the presence of disease may affect dietary intake.
Electrophysiological Mechanisms of the Anti-arrhythmic Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Heart rhythm disorders, or arrhythmias, are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3PUFAs), commonly found in fish oils and plant seeds, have recently emerged as potential anti-arrhythmic agents. The purpose of this review is to summarize the electrophysiological basis of the anti-arrhythmic properties of omega 3PUFAs from clinical, animal, and cellular research. Evidence of the anti-arrhythmic effects of omega 3PUFAs originated from epidemiological studies that correlated a low incidence of sudden cardiac death with high dietary omega 3PUFA intake. Subsequently, multiple clinical trials have confirmed the therapeutic effects of omega 3PUFAs in preventing sudden cardiac death and multiple other arrhythmia-related disorders. This has led basic scientists to investigate the effects of omega 3PUFAs on several ion channels including sodium, potassium, and calcium channels, as well as Na/Ca exchangers. Therefore, omega 3PUFAs may hold promise as safe and effective anti-arrhythmic agents. Nevertheless, further research is needed in areas such as: (1) identifying which form(s) of omega 3PUFAs (i.e., phospholipid, triglyceride, or free) is (are) responsible for anti-arrhythmic actions; and (2) developing reproducible methods for delivery so that the appropriate form and concentration may be present at the target site to prevent and treat arrhythmias.
Dietary Reference Intakes for Japanese 2010: Fat; In the Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs) for fat, adequate intake (AI) and tentative dietary goal for preventing lifestyle-related disease (DGs) were used. AIs were set for n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are essential fatty acids because they are not produced by the human body and their deficiency leads to dermatitis. DGs have been set for total fat, saturated fat, n-6 fatty acids, n-3 fatty acids, and cholesterol, whose consumption levels affect risk of lifestyle-related disease, including obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and stroke. As AI for n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, the 50th percentile of n-6 and n-3 fatty acid intake was set. In the Japanese population, 98% of dietary n-6 fatty acids come from linoleic acid; therefore the amount of n-6 fatty acid intake is considered to be that of linoleic acid. Both alpha-linolenic (60% of total n-3 fatty acids) acid and fish oils are considered essential fatty acids because it has been difficult to conclude that only alpha-linolenic acid is essential for humans. The prevention of diabetes mellitus and stroke was emphasized. For example, an increase in saturated fatty acids intake leads to increased incidences in obesity, diabetes, and myocardial infarction, whereas a decrease of saturated fatty acids intake is associated with increased incidence in brain hemorrhage. Therefore, DG of saturated fatty acids in those more than 18 y of age was set between 4.5 and 7% energy.
REDUCTION IN PLASMINOGEN-ACTIVATOR INHIBITOR-1 (PAI-1) WITH OMEGA-3 POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID (PUFA) INTAKE; Activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAl-1) in human blood correlates with thrombotic tendency and with serum triglyceride concentrations. Since intake of fish-derived omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) decreases serum triglycerides, we examined the effects of omega-3 PUFA maximum eicosapentaenoic acid (Max EPA) intake on PAl-1 levels in eight patients with coronary artery disease and in four normal subjects. After 4 weeks of Max-EPA intake by coronary artery disease patients,  serum triglyceride concentrations and PAl-1 levels decreased 43 .+-. 8% and 21 .+-. 5%, respectively (both p .ltoreq. 0.01) without any change in tissue plasminogen activator (TPA) levels. No changes were noted at 1 week of Max EPA intake in normal subjects, but at 3 weeks serum triglyceride concentrations and PAl-1 levels decreased 32 .+-. 13% and 22 .+-. 4%, respectively (p .ltoreq. 0.02) without change in TPA. The magnitude of reduction in triglycerides was dependent on the initial serum concentration  (r=0.68, p .ltoreq.0.01). In addition, decrease in PAl-1 levels correlated with reduction in serum triglycerides (r=0.79, p .ltoreq. 0.01). This study shows that omega-3 PUFA intake reduces PAl-1 levels without change in TPA antigen. These observations may relate to decrease in thrombotic activity upon consumption of large amounts of fish or fish-derived products.
Predictors of change in omega-3 index with fish oil supplementation in peripheral artery disease; Background: The omega-3 index represents the red blood cell (RBC) content of two major long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid. We sought to determine factors associated with a favorable response to fish oil treatment and to characterize changes in RBC PUFAs associated with fish oil supplementation. Methods: This study was a secondary analysis of the OMEGA-PAD I trial, a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating short-duration, high-dose n-3 PUFA oral supplementation on endothelial function and inflammation in subjects with peripheral arterial disease. Patients with mild to severe claudication received either 4.4 g of fish oil providing 2.6 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and 1.8 g of docosahexaenoic acid daily (n = 40) or placebo capsules (n = 40) for 1 mo. The RBC fatty acid content was measured by gas chromatography and expressed as a percentof total fatty acids. The change in omega-3 index was calculatedas the difference between pre- and post-supplementation in the fish oil and placebo groups. Univariate analysis identified predictors of change inomega-3 index, with these variables included in our multivariable model. Results: In the fish oil group, there was an increase in the omega-3 index (5.1 +/- 1.3% to 9.0 +/- 1.8%; P < 0.0001), whereas there was no change in the control group. Factors associated with a favorable response (i.e., greater than the median change of 4.06%) included a lower body mass index and higher concentrations of low-density lipoproteins. Other demographic and/or lifestyle factors such as age, race, or smoking status were unrelated to the response. Oral n-3 PUFA supplementation also decreased the n-6 PUFA content in RBCs. Conclusions: Short-term, high-dose n-3 PUFA supplementation increases the omega-3 index to a greater extent in patients with a lower body mass index and higher total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The Omega-3 Index is higher in people from a coastal town versus 5 inland US cities: An observational study; Higher omega-3 fatty acid blood levels, as assessed by the Omega-3 Index (O3I, erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic [EPA] + docosahexaenoic [DHA] percentage), have been linked with lower risk for cardiovascular disease and total mortality. Because seafood is an excellent source of EPA and DHA, we reasoned that people living on the coast with direct access to fresh seafood might have higher O3I levels than people living inland. Using O3I data originally collected for other purposes and an observational design, we compared the mean O3I from people in Newport, RI, with that of people living from 5 inland US cities (Indianapolis, IN; Charleston, WV; Lexington, KY; Oklahoma City, OK; and Memphis, TN). The Newport samples were collected at free, industry-sponsored health fairs, whereas the inland city samples were collected at free public health screenings sponsored by the Seafood Nutrition Partnership in 2014 through 2015. The mean (standard deviation) O3I in the Newport sample (n = 226) was 5.13% (1.34%) and the mean of the 5 cities (n = 1109) was 4.48% (1.08%) ( P < .001). An O3I of >= 8% (considered optimal) was found in 3% of the Newport sample and in 1% of the pooled inland cities ( P < .05). An O3I of <= 4% (considered low) was found in 22% of the Newport sample and in 41% of the pooled inland cities (P < .001). These data support our hypothesis, but because only 3% of those in the Newport sample had an O3I > 8%, even greater seafood intake (or the use of fortified foods or dietary supplements) is needed to attain optimal omega-3 status. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on central arterial stiffness and arterial wave reflections in young and older healthy adults; Increased central arterial stiffness and enhanced arterial wave reflections may contribute to increased risk of cardiovascular disease development with advancing age. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3) ingestion may reduce cardiovascular risk via favorable effects exerted on arterial structure and function. We determined the effects of n-3 supplementation (4 g/day for 12 weeks) on important measures of central arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity; PWV) and arterial wave reflection (central augmentation index) in young (n = 12; 25 +/- 1-year-old, mean +/- SE) and older (n = 12; 66 +/- 2) healthy adults. We hypothesized that n-3 supplementation would decrease carotid-femoral PWV and central augmentation index in older adults. Our results indicate that carotid-femoral PWV and central augmentation index were greater in older (988 +/- 65 cm/sec and 33 +/- 2%) than in young adults (656 +/- 16 cm/sec and 3 +/- 4%: both P < 0.05 compared to older) before the intervention (Pre). N-3 supplementation decreased carotid-femoral PWV in older (Delta-9 +/- 2% Precompared to Post; P < 0.05), but not young adults (Delta 2 +/- 3%). Central augmentation index was unchanged by n-3 supplementation in young (3 +/- 4 vs. 0 +/- 4% for Pre and Post, respectively) and older adults (33 +/- 2 vs. 35 +/- 3%). Arterial blood pressure at rest, although increased with age, was not altered by n-3 supplementation in young or older adults. Collectively, these data indicate that 12 weeks of daily n-3 supplementation decreases an important measure of central arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral PWV) in older, but not young healthy adults. The mechanism underlying decreased central arterial stiffness with n-3 supplementation is unknown, but appears to be independent of effects on arterial blood pressure or arterial wave reflections.
Maternal Omega-3 Supplement Improves Dopaminergic System in Pre- and Postnatal Inflammation-Induced Neurotoxicity in Parkinson's Disease Model; Evidence suggests that idiopathic Parkinson's disease (PD) is the consequence of a neurodevelopmental disruption, rather than strictly a consequence of aging. Thus, we hypothesized that maternal supplement of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) may be associated with neuroprotection mechanisms in a self-sustaining cycle of neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-model of PD. To test this hypothesis, behavioral and neurochemical assay were performed in prenatally LPS-exposed offspring at postnatal day 21. To further determine whether prenatal LPS exposure and maternal omega-3 PUFAs supplementation had persisting effects, brain injury was induced on PN 90 rats, following bilateral intranigral LPS injection. Pre- and postnatal inflammation damage not only affected dopaminergic neurons directly, but it also modified critical features, such as activated microglia and astrocyte cells, disrupting the support provided by the microenvironment. Unexpectedly, our results failed to show any involvement of caspase-dependent and independent apoptosis pathway in neuronal death mechanisms. On the other hand, learning and memory deficits detected with a second toxic exposure were significantly attenuated in maternal omega-3 PUFAs supplementation group. In addition, omega-3 PUFAs promote beneficial effect on synaptic function, maintaining the neurochemical integrity in remaining neurons, without necessarily protect them from neuronal death. Thus, our results suggest that omega-3 PUFAs affect the functional ability of the central nervous system in a complex way in a multiple inflammation-induced neurotoxicity animal model of PD and they disclose new ways of understanding how these fatty acids control responses of the brain to different challenges.
Multi-targeted therapy of cancer by omega-3 fatty acids-an update; Low in dietary 033 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption has been associated with increased incidence of cancers. Many basic and clinical studies have been conducted over the last several decades. We previously reviewed multi-targeted therapy of cancer by omega-3 fatty acids in 2008, and since hundreds of new clinical trials are being conducted to validate the effectiveness of 033 PUFA in cancer therapy. Because of the availability of such large amount of clinical trial data, in this update we summarize clinical data, sort out trials that show promising results, and discuss potential mechanism(s) responsible for the clinical outcomes. It appears that 033 PUFA mainly affects cancer-associated symptoms, namely cachexia, inflammation, neuropathy, post operative complications and quality of life. Mechanisms responsible for these effects are possible regulation of skeletal muscle protein turnover, inflammatory response and neuron cell survive by 033 PUFA.
Dietary intake on n-3 fatty acids and the risk, of acute myocardial infarction:: a case-control study; BACKGROUND: There is some dispute about the role of fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) consumption on the prevention of coronary heart disease. The aim of this study was to analyze the relationship between n-3 PUFA and fish consumption and the risk of a first acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in a low risk population from Navarre (Spain).
Optimization of Omega-3 Index Levels in Athletes at the US Naval Academy: Personalized Omega-3 Fatty Acid Dosage and Molecular Genetic Approaches; The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend increasing the intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The Omega-3 Index (O3I) is one marker used to assess omega-3 status. The O3I national average is 4.3%, which translates into a high risk for developing cardiovascular disease. Research has reported an association between variants in the two desaturase encoding genes, fatty acid desaturase 1 and fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS1/2), and the concentration of O3I. The aim of this study was to assess whether a personalized dosage of omega-3 supplementation would lead to an O3I >= 8%. A secondary aim was to identify if changes in O3I levels would be associated with either of the two FADS1/2 variants. Methods: This interventional study had a pre- and post-intervention design to assess changes in O3I. Ninety participants completed demographic, biometrics, O3I, and genetic testing. Participants were provided a personalized dose of omega-3 supplements based on their baseline O3I. Results: The majority (63%) of participants were 20 year old white males with an average O3I at baseline of 4.6%; the post-supplementation average O3I was 5.6%. The most frequent genetic variants expressed in the full sample for FADS1/2 were GG (50%) and CA/AA (57%). Conclusions: O3I was significantly increased following omega-3 supplementation. However, it was not possible to conclude whether the two FADS1/2 variants led to differential increases in OI3 or if a personalized dosage of omega-3 supplementation led to an O3I >= 8%, due to our study limitations.
Absolute versus relative measures of plasma fatty acids and health outcomes: example of phospholipid omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and all-cause mortality in women; In a well-characterised community-based prospective study, we aimed to systematically assess the differences in associations of plasma omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid (FA) status with all-cause mortality when plasma FA status is expressed in absolute concentrations versus relative levels.
The Omega-3 Fatty Acid Nutritional Landscape: Health Benefits and Sources; Dietary fatty acids (FA) are increasingly recognized as major biologic regulators and have properties that relate to health outcomes and disease. The longer chain, more bioactive (n-6) (or omega-6) FA and (n-3) (or omega-3) FA share similar elongation and desaturation enzymes in their conversion from the essential (n-6) FA, linoleic acid, and (n-3) FA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Conversion from these essential FA is very inefficient. However, now for the (n-3) FA series, soy oil can be enriched with (n-3) stearidonic acid (SDA) to allow for much more efficient conversion to longer chain EPA. EPA and the longer chain DHA possess distinct physical and biological properties that generally impart properties to cells and tissue, which underlie their ability to promote health and prevent disease. Although active in a number of areas of human biology, mechanisms of action of EPA and DHA are perhaps best defined in cardiovascular disease. There is concern that to reach the intake recommendations of EPA and DHA, their supply from cold water fish will be insufficient. Gaps in understanding mechanisms of action of)n-3) FA in a number of health and disease areas as well as optimal sources and intake levels for each need to be defined by further research. Because of the inefficient conversion of ALA, the appearance of SDA in enriched soy oil offers a biologically effective and cost effective approach to providing a sustainable plant source for (n-3) FA in the future. J. Nutr. 142: 587S-591S, 2012.
Neuroprotective effect of omega-3 fatty acids on spinal cord injury induced rats; Introduction In this study, the effects of omega-3 fatty acids were examined in a rat model of spinal cord injury. Methods The rats were classified into sham, control, spinal cord injury plus 50 mg/kg Omega-3 fatty acids and spinal cord injury plus 100 mg/kg Omega-3 fatty acids. The levels of oxidative, apoptotic, and inflammatory markers were examined in each of these groups. Results Altered lipid peroxidation, reduced glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (Gpx), and catalase were normalized. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation decreased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels by >50%. TNF-alpha and IL-6 mRNA expression were reduced. Caspase-3, p53, bax, and pro-NGF mRNA expression levels were increased by 1.3-, 1.4-, 1.2-, and 0.9-fold, respectively, whereas bcl-2 mRNA expression was decreased by 0.77-fold in control rats. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation decreased p53, caspase-3, bax, and pro-NGF mRNA expression by >40%, while the level of bcl-2 mRNA expression was increased by 286.9%. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation decreased caspase-3 and p53 protein expression by >30%. Conclusion Taken together, our results suggested that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduced oxidative stress, apoptosis, and the levels of inflammatory markers in ischemia-reperfusion-induced rats.
Different n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratios affect postprandial metabolism in normal and hypertriglyceridemic rats; Postprandial metabolism plays major roles in many pathological conditions. The n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio is closely related to various physiological disorders. This study aimed to investigate the effects of high fat meals with different n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios on postprandial metabolism in normal control (NC) and hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) rats. The postprandial response of triglyceride (TG) in HTG groups was higher than that in NC groups after different n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio meals. The HTG groups showed higher postprandial total cholesterol (TC) responses than NC groups after 1:1 and 20:1 ratio meals. The 5:1 n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio elicited lower postprandial responses of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) than 1:1 and 10:1 ratios in HTG groups. The postprandial malondialdehyde (MDA) response was lower after a 5:1 n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio meal than 1:1 and 20:1 ratio meals in HTG groups. The 1:1 ratio resulted in a lower postprandial reactive oxygen species (ROS) level than 5:1 and 10:1 n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios in NC groups. The results showed that a low n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio improved postprandial dysmetabolism induced by a high fat meal in NC and HTG rats. A high n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio increased the difference in postprandial metabolism between NC and HTG rats.(c) 2023 Beijing Academy of Food Sciences. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co., Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Assessing the link between omega-3 fatty acids, cardiac arrest, and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy; People with epilepsy may have abnormal cardiac function. This has been linked to a greater incidence of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). In the present review, we assess the evidence linking cardiac failure to SUDEP, and propose the use of the maximal pentylenetetrazol seizure test to model SUDEP in animals to identify causal links between cardiac failure and SUDEP. We also discuss recent claims on the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to reduce the incidence of SUDEP because of their cardio-protective and anticonvulsant effects. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids and coronary heart disease risk: Clinical and mechanistic perspectives; The most common omega-3 fatty acids contain 18-22 carbons and a signature double bond at the third position from the methyl (or n, or omega) end of the molecule. These fatty acids must be obtained in the diet as they cannot be synthesized by vertebrates. They include the plant-derived (x-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3), and the fish-oil-derived eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3). Normally, very little ALA is converted to EPA, and even less to DHA, and therefore direct intake of the latter two is optimal. EPA and DHA and their metabolites have important biologic functions, including effects on membranes, eicosanoid metabolism, and gene transcription. Studies indicate that the use of fish oil is associated with coronary heart disease risk reduction. A number of mechanisms may be responsible for such effects. These include prevention of arrhythmias as well as lowering heart rate and blood pressure, decreasing platelet aggregation, and lowering triglyceride levels. The latter is accomplished by decreasing the production of hepatic triglycerides and increasing the clearance of plasma triglycerides. Our focus is to review the potential mechanisms by which these fatty acids reduce cardiovascular disease risk. (C) 2007 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Prescription omega-3 fatty acid products containing highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA); The omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has multiple actions potentially conferring cardiovascular benefit, including lowering serum triglyceride (TG) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) levels and potentially reducing key steps in atherogenesis. Dietary supplements are a common source of omega-3 fatty acids in the US, but virtually all contain docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in addition to EPA, and lipid effects differ between DHA and EPA. Contrary to popular belief, no over-the-counter omega-3 products are available in the US, only prescription products and dietary supplements. Among the US prescription omega-3 products, only one contains EPA exclusively (Vascepa); another closely related prescription omega-3 product also contains highly purified EPA, but is approved only in Japan and is provided in different capsule sizes. These high-purity EPA products do not raise low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, even in patients with TG levels >500 mg/dL, in contrast to the increase in LDL-C levels with prescription omega-3 products that also contain DHA. The Japanese prescription EPA product was shown to significantly reduce major coronary events in hypercholesterolemic patients when added to statin therapy in the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS). The effects of Vascepa on cardiovascular outcomes are being investigated in statin-treated patients with high TG levels in the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With EPA-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT).
Omega-3 Index of Canadian adults; Background: Cardioprotective properties have been associated with two fatty acids-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The Omega-3 Index indicates the percentage of EPA + DHA in red blood cell fatty acids. Omega-3 Index levels of the Canadian population have not been directly measured.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid in peripheral arterial disease: Effect on lipid pattern, disease severity, inflammation profile, and endothelial function; Background & aims: Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) is strongly associated with endothelial dysfunction and inflammation, which portend a high cardiovascular risk. Accordingly, we investigated the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation on endothelial function and inflammatory status in affected individuals.
State of the Structure. and Functions of the Arterial Wall in Patients With. Chronic Heart Failure Against the Background of Permanent Atrial Fibrillation and Assessment of Vasoprotective Effect of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Purpose: to evaluate the state of the structure and function of the arterial wall in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) of ischemic etiology in combination with persistent atrial fibrillation (AF) AF and the dynamics of their changes during therapy with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA). Material and methods: in the first phase in order to identify characteristics of a CCF and the restructuring of the arterial wall 120 patients with coronary artery disease and chronic heart failure II-III functional class (FC) were included in the study, then were divided into two equal groups according to the presence of persistent AF. In the second phase patients with CHF and persistent AF were randomized into 2 groups of 30 people to determine the vasoprotective effect of omega-3 fatty acids compared with the standard treatment of CHF. The duration of treatment was 6 months. To assess the conductive and damping functions of arteries comprehensive sfigmopletizmografiyu was carried out. To assess the state of the arteries collagen matrix we determined the level of tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases type I (TIMP-1) by enzyme immunoassay. Results: in patients with chronic heart failure of ischemic etiology in combination with persistent AF we revealed more severe functional impairment of the arterial wall, characterized by an increase in pulse wave velocity in carotid-femoral segment (p=0.037), the aorta (p<0.001), indexes CAVI1 (p <= 0.001) and augmentation (p=0.049; p<0.001) in the absence of differences in the group of patients with heart failure and sinus rhythm in terms of structural changes in collagen matrix - TIMP-1. The progress of CHF against the background persistent AF was characterized by higher levels of atrial natriuretic peptide with prevalence of diastolic dysfunction, while the more frequent co-morbidities (hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2, stroke/transient ischemic attack), and risk factors. Inclusion in the treatment of patients with chronic heart failure of ischemic etiology and persistent AF omega-3 fatty acids provides reliable vasoprotective effect by suppressing the abnormal collagen formation on the dynamics of TIMP-1 (p<0.001) and improving the elastic properties of the arterial wall to the dynamics of high-speed data and indexed blood flow the arterial tree (p<0.001), with the exception of ankle-brachial indexes. Conclusion: structurally functional remodeling of the arterial wall in patients with chronic heart failure of ischemic etiology and persistent AF has a definite pattern of forming. Omega-3 fatty acids have a vasoprotective effect, providing improving elastic properties of the arteries by preventing fibrosis.
Effect of Omega-3 Supplementation on Serum Level of Homocysteine in Hemodialysis Patients; Introduction. Patients with end-stage renal disease are at a high risk of adverse cardiovascular events. Elevated level of homocysteine is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in dialysis patients. There are some strategies for reduction of serum homocysteine level in these patients, including folate and vitamin supplementation. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplementation on serum homocysteine level in patients on hemodialysis.
The Role for Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation in Older Adults; Optimal nutrition is one of the most important determinants of healthier ageing, reducing the risk of disability, maintaining mental and physical functions, and thus preserving and ensuring a better quality of life. Dietary intake and nutrient absorption decline with age, thus increasing the risk of malnutrition, morbidity and mortality. Specific nutrients, particularly long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), might have the potential of preventing and reducing co-morbidities in older adults. Omega-3 PUFAs are able to modulate inflammation, hyperlipidemia, platelet aggregation, and hypertension. Different mechanisms contribute to these effects, including conditioning cell membrane function and composition, eicosanoid production, and gene expression. The present review analyzes the influence of omega-3 PUFAs status and intake on brain function, cardiovascular system, immune function, muscle performance and bone health in older adults. Omega-3 FAs may have substantial benefits in reducing the risk of cognitive decline in older people. The available data encourage higher intakes of omega-3 PUFAs in the diet or via specific supplements. More studies are needed to confirm the role of omega-3 FAs in maintaining bone health and preventing the loss of muscle mass and function associated with ageing. In summary, omega-3 PUFAs are now identified as potential key nutrients, safe and effective in the treatment and prevention of several negative consequences of ageing.
Adipose tissue n-3/n-6 fatty acids ratios versus n-3 fatty acids fractions as predictors of myocardial infarction; Background Tissue levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been inversely related with risk of myocardial infarction (MI). Whether ratios of n-3 to n-6 PUFAs, reflecting both dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs and competing n-6 PUFAs, are better predictors of future MI than n-3 PUFA fractions is unclear. We aimed at investigating whether such ratios in adipose tissue better predict MI than n-3 PUFA fractions.Methods Subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were obtained in a random sample (n = 3,500) of the Diet, Cancer and Health cohort (n = 57,053). Adipose tissue content of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), arachidonic acid (AA) and linoleic acid was determined using gas chromatography. Fractions of selected n-3 PUFAs and n-3/n-6 PUFA ratios were correlated to the 15-year occurrence of MI in a case-cohort design.Results A total of 2,406 participants experienced an MI during follow-up. Adipose tissue total marine n-3 PUFAs, EPA +DHA, EPA, EPA/AA, DHA/AA and (EPA + DPA + DHA)/AA were all inversely associated with risk of incident MI. Evaluating the predictive power (Harrel's C-index) of the selected metrics, fractions of marine n-3 PUFAs and ratios of EPA/AA, DHA/AA, (EPA + DHA)/AA and (EPA + DPA + DHA)/AA all refined risk prediction over age and sex alone. At multivariable analyses, however, the above ratios were the only metrics providing additional risk prediction. Differences in ratios were related to differences in food intake.Conclusions Both adipose tissue n-3 PUFAs fractions and ratios of n-3 PUFAs/AA were associated with a lower occurrence of MI, but ratios provided superior risk prediction. Dietary strategies affecting n-3/n-6 PUFA ratios should be further investigated for prediction of MI with dietary interventions at the population level and in intervention studies. (Am Heart J 2023;262:38-48.)
Quality of selected cheeses fortified with vegetable and animal sources of omega-3; Queso fresco, cheddar, and mozzarella were fortified with omega-3 from flaxseed oil (FO) and micro-encapsulated fish oil (MFO) at specific stages in cheese-making process. The highest omega-3 retention (8.69 mg/g MFO; 5.08 mg/g FO) was observed in cheddar when added during salting; 50-100 g of cheddar would supply the daily recommended amount of omega-3 needed in diets to prevent cardiovascular disease. Some variations observed in the studied cheeses physicochemical properties were in pH and moisture content, and increased weight (cheddar, around 10 g); changes in weight and moisture could be related to the water-holding capacity of rennet when omega-3 is incorporated. Texture Profile Analysis indicated new texture behavior in cheddar after fortification, showing increased hardness, chewiness and gumminess. Cheeses were stored at 4 degrees C; after 16 d microbial counts were mostly high (9 log). Sensory evaluation (5-point hedonic scale) showed similar color acceptability for all three cheeses regardless of omega-3 source. However, scores ranged from 2.43 to 3.6 for aroma, the lowest score being for MFO cheddar. Flavor of cheese with added FO was preferred by panelists more than MFO fortified cheese. Overall, omega-3 is an excellent nutrient that can be easily added to cheese with only minor changes. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circulating n-3 fatty acids and linoleic acid as indicators of dietary fatty acid intake in post-myocardial infarction patients; Background and aims: Population-based studies often use plasma fatty acids (FAs) as objective indicators of FA intake, especially for n-3 FA and linoleic acid (LA). The relation between dietary and circulating FA in cardiometabolic patients is largely unknown. We examined whether dietary n-3 FA and LA were reflected in plasma lipid pools in post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients.
Effects of administration of omega-3 fatty acids with or without vitamin E supplementation on adiponectin gene expression in PBMCs and serum adiponectin and adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein levels in male patients with CAD; Objective: Adiponectin is a unique anti-atherogenic adipocytokine. Regulation of adiponectin secretion is dysfunctional in cardiovascular diseases. The current trial study assessed the effects of omega-3 fatty acids with or without vitamin E on adiponectin gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and serum adiponectin and adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP; also called ap2 and FABP4) levels in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD).
Metabolic engineering for the production of clinically important molecules: Omega-3 fatty acids, artemisinin, and taxol; Driven by requirements for sustainability as well as affordability and efficiency, metabolic engineering of plants and microorganisms is increasingly being pursued to produce compounds for clinical applications. This review discusses three such examples of the clinical relevance of metabolic engineering: the production of omega-3 fatty acids for the prevention of cardiovascular disease; the biosynthesis of artemisinic acid, an anti-malarial drug precursor, for the treatment of malaria; and the production of the complex natural molecule taxol, an anti-cancer agent. In terms of omega-3 fatty acids, bioengineering of fatty acid metabolism by expressing desaturases and elongases, both in soybeans and oleaginous yeast, has resulted in commercial-scale production of these beneficial molecules. Equal success has been achieved with the biosynthesis of artemisinic acid at low cost for developing countries. This is accomplished through channeling the flux of the isoprenoid pathway to the specific genes involved in artemisinin biosynthesis. Efficient coupling of the isoprenoid pathway also leads to the construction of an Escherichia coli strain that produces a high titer of taxadiene - the first committed intermediate for taxol biosynthesis. These examples of synthetic biology demonstrate the versatility of metabolic engineering to bring new solutions to our health needs.
Could Omega 3 Fatty Acids Preserve Muscle Health in Rheumatoid Arthritis?; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by a high prevalence of death due to cardiometabolic diseases. As observed during the aging process, several comorbidities, such as cardiovascular disorders (CVD), insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and sarcopenia, are frequently associated to RA. These abnormalities could be closely linked to alterations in lipid metabolism. Indeed, RA patients exhibit a lipid paradox, defined by reduced levels of total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol whereas the CVD risk is increased. Moreover, the accumulation of toxic lipid mediators (i.e., lipotoxicity) in skeletal muscles can induce mitochondrial dysfunctions and insulin resistance, which are both crucial determinants of CVD and sarcopenia. The prevention or reversion of these biological perturbations in RA patients could contribute to the maintenance of muscle health and thus be protective against the increased risk for cardiometabolic diseases, dysmobility and mortality. Yet, several studies have shown that omega 3 fatty acids (FA) could prevent the development of RA, improve muscle metabolism and limit muscle atrophy in obese and insulin-resistant subjects. Thereby, dietary supplementation with omega 3 FA should be a promising strategy to counteract muscle lipotoxicity and for the prevention of comorbidities in RA patients.
The cardiovascular benefits of indiscriminate supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids; meta-analysis and decision-making approach; Aim: The meta-analysis was conducted to estimate of the cardiovascular benefits of indiscriminate supplementation of omega-3 capsules. The results, expressed in terms of quality adjusted life years (QALY) intuitively understood by the general public, can be the basis for the (personal) decision on whether to take omega-3 supplements.Methods: The results of meta-analysis of eight double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials are expressed in terms of QALY, using the Markov model and Monte Carlo simulations.Results: Omega-3 supplementation results in a 8% decrease of the risk of cardiac death, unless the patients are treated by statins. Results indicate that omega-3 supplementation may prolong QALY by about a month. Old people gain less, whereas DM-2 patients and people with history of CV events gain more.Discussion: Our analysis yielded an algorithm for estimating benefit from omega-3 supplementation, based on the age and the individual risk of CV events of the patient.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AND ATORVASTATIN SUPPRESS VENTRICULAR FIBRILLATION INDUCIBILITY IN HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIC RAT HEARTS: IMPLICATION OF INTERCELLULAR COUPLING PROTEIN, CONNEXIN-43; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) and statins exhibit besides lipid-lowering effects the antiarrhythmic ability in clinic, while definite mechanisms are not yet elucidated. Our goal was to examine whether these compounds can modulate inducibility of hypertriglyceridemic (HTG) rat heart to ventricular fibrillation (VF) and myocardial cell-to-cell coupling protein connexin-43 (Cx43). HTG and healthy Wistar rats were orally treated with omega-3 FA (30 mg/100 g/day/2 mth) and atorvastatin (Ato, 0.5 mg/100 g/day/2 mth) and compared to untreated rats. Susceptibility of the heart to electrically-inducible VF and functional parameters were monitored using Langendorff-perfused isolated heart. Ventricular tissues from treated and untreated HTG and Wistar rat hearts were processed for ultrastructure examination as well as for analysis of myocardial Cx43 distribution and expression using antiCx43 MAB, immunofluorescence and immunoblotting. Both, omega-3 FA and atorvastatin reduced elevated blood pressure, triglycerides and heart rate in HTG rats. Compared to Wistar the threshold to induce VF was lower in HTG rat hearts, which exhibited abnormal Cx43 distribution, decreased immunostaining and elevated phosphorylated form of Cx43. In contrast, an enhancement of immunostaining of Cx43, suppression of hyperphosphorylation of Cx43 and improvement of cardiomyocyte and intercellular junction integrity by omega-3 FA and atorvastatin was associated with a significant increase of threshold for VF. Moreover, treatment resulted in up-regulation of myocardial Cx43 and increase of VF threshold in healthy rats that was associated with up-regulation of Cx43. Results indicate that antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 FA and atorvastatin are linked with modulation of expression and/or phosphorylation of Cx43 and protection of cardiomyocyte and cell-to-cell junction integrity. As both compounds are ligands for PPAR, a possible regulation of Cx43 gene expression and pathways involved in Cx43 phosphorylation should be investigated.
A Low ω-6/ω-3 Ratio High-Fat Diet Improves Rat Metabolism via Purine and Tryptophan Metabolism in the Intestinal Tract, While Reversed by Inulin; A high-fat diet (HFD) is the main cause of metabolic diseases. However, HFD in previous studies consists of much lard, which contains a large amount of omega-6 (omega-6) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and little omega-3 (omega-3) PUFA. The role of omega-6/omega-3 ratio of HFD in the development of metabolic diseases remains incompletely discussed. In this study, rats were fed with either a low or a high omega-6/omega-3 ratio HFD singly or combined with inulin. Metabolism state was valued and metabolomics of cecal content were detected. Results show that HFD with low omega-6/omega-3 ratio promotes the glucose utilization in rats. However, inulin had different effects on metabolism with different diets. Xanthosine and kynurenic acid in cecum were positively related to epididymal white adipose tissues (eWAT) mass. The present study indicates the beneficial effects of low omega-6/omega-3 ratio HFD (LRD) on the metabolic state of rats. Moreover, xanthosine and kynurenic acid were closely related to the development of metabolic diseases.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements in Depressed Heart Failure Patients Results of the OCEAN Trial; OBJECTIVES The goal of this study was to test the effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on omega-3 levels, depressive symptoms, and other psychosocial factors, as well as other chronic heart failure (CHF)-related functional measures.
Very long chain N-3 fatty acids intake and carotid atherosclerosis - An epidemiological study evaluated by ultrasonography; Epidemiological studies have shown an inverse relationship between intake of N-3 fatty acids and incidence of stroke. And, there is a high incidence of stroke in patients with carotid atherosclerosis. We investigated the relationship between intake of N-3 fatty acids and carotid atherosclerosis in the cross-sectional study. A total of 1920 Japanese, aged over 40 years, received a population-based health examination in 1999. They underwent B-mode carotid ultrasonography to evaluate the carotid intimal-medial thickness (IMT). Eating patterns were evaluated by a 105 items food frequency questionnaire. A complete data set was available for 1902 subjects (785 men and 1117 women). The mean eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) intake in men was 0.32 +/- 0.23 g/day and in women was 0.31 +/- 0.20 g/day. The mean docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake in men was 0.52 +/- 0.34 g/day and in women was 0.49 +/- 0.29 g/day. With multiple linear regression analysis, after adjustments for age, sex, and total energy intake, intakes of EPA (P < 0.05), DHA (P < 0.05), and docosapentaenoic acid (P < 0.05) were significantly and inversely related to IMT. These data indicate that dietary N-3 fatty acid, especially very long chain N-3 fatty acids, may protect against carotid atherosclerosis. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relations between n-3 fatty acid status and cardiovascular disease risk factors among Quebecers; Background: Epidemiologic evidence shows an inverse relation between fish consumption and death from ischemic heart disease. This beneficial effect is attributed to n-3 fatty acids.
The SU.FOL.OM3 Study: a secondary prevention trial testing the impact of supplementation with folate and B-vitamins and/or Omega-3 PUFA on fatal and non fatal cardiovascular events, design, methods and participants characteristics; Background: During the last decades, many basic and clinical research have pointed to the role of B vitamins ( folate, vitamins B6 and B12) and n-3 fatty acids as nutritional factors that might have a protective effect on the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD).
ASSOCIATION OF PLASMA ω-3 FATTY ACIDS WITH EARLY AGE-RELATED MACULAR DEGENERATION IN THE MULTI-ETHNIC STUDY OF ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Purpose: To examine the association between omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid and age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis cohort. Methods: Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis is a multicenter, prospective cohort study designed to identify risk factors for cardiovascular disease in four ethnic groups. Six thousand eight hundred and fourteen participants of White, African American, Hispanic/Latino, and Chinese descent, aged 45-84 years, were recruited, with those found to have cardiovascular disease excluded. Our study population included all Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis participants with baseline polyunsaturated fatty acid measurements and retinal photography at Examination 5 (n = 3,772). Fundus photographs were assessed for AMD using a standard grading protocol. Relative risk regression (log link) determined associations between polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and AMD. Results: There was a significant association between increasing docosahexaenoic acid levels and increasing docosahexaenoic acid + eicosapentaenoic acid levels with reduced risk for early AMD (n = 214 participants with early AMD, of which n = 99 (46.3%) are non-White). Eicosapentaenoic acid levels alone were not significantly associated with AMD. Conclusion: Our analysis suggests increasing levels of docosahexaenoic acid are associated with reduced risk for early AMD in a multiethnic cohort. This represents the first racially diverse study demonstrating an association between omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and AMD risk.
Role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular Diseases: A consensus statement from the Experts' Committee Of National Society Of Cardiometabolic Medicine; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) has been considered as the primary target for the prevention and treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However, there are still residual cardiovascular risks in some patients even if LDL-C achieves the target level. Emerging evidence suggestes that elevated triglyceride (TG) level or triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) cholesterol (TRL-C) is one of the important components of the residual cardiovascular risks. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to be one of the effective drugs for reducing TG. However, its efficacy in reducing the risk of ASCVD is inconsistent in large randomized clinical trials. There is lack of consensus among Experts regarding the application of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular diseases including heart failure, arrhythmia, cardiomyopathy, hypertension, and sudden death. Hence, the current consensus will comprehensively and scientifically present the detailed knowledge about the omega-3 fatty acids from a variety of aspects to provide a reference for its management of omega-3 fatty acids application in the Chinese population.
The polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic affects mitochondrial function in prostate cancer cells; BackgroundProstate cancer (PCa) shows a rewired metabolism featuring increased fatty acid uptake and synthesis via de novo lipogenesis, both sharply related to mitochondrial physiology. The docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) that exerts its antitumoral properties via different mechanisms, but its specific action on mitochondria in PCa is not clear. Therefore, we investigated whether the DHA modulates mitochondrial function in PCa cell lines.MethodsHere, we evaluated mitochondrial function of non-malignant PNT1A and the castration-resistant (CRPC) prostate 22Rv1 and PC3 cell lines in response to DHA incubation. For this purpose, we used Seahorse extracellular flux assay to assess mitochondria function, [14C]-glucose to evaluate its oxidation as well as its contribution to fatty acid synthesis, 1H-NMR for metabolite profile determination, MitoSOX for superoxide anion production, JC-1 for mitochondrial membrane polarization, mass spectrometry for determination of phosphatidylglycerol levels and composition, staining with MitoTracker dye to assess mitochondrial morphology under super-resolution in addition to Transmission Electron Microscopy, In-Cell ELISA for COX-I and SDH-A protein expression and flow cytometry (Annexin V and 7-AAD) for cell death estimation.ResultsIn all cell lines DHA decreased basal respiratory activity, ATP production, and the spare capacity in mitochondria. Also, the omega-3 induced mitochondrial hyperpolarization, ROS overproduction and changes in membrane phosphatidylglycerol composition. In PNT1A, DHA led to mitochondrial fragmentation and it increased glycolysis while in cancer cells it stimulated glucose oxidation, but decreased de novo lipogenesis specifically in 22Rv1, indicating a metabolic shift. In all cell lines, DHA modulated several metabolites related to energy metabolism and it was incorporated in phosphatidylglycerol, a precursor of cardiolipin, increasing the unsaturation index in the mitochondrial membrane. Accordingly, DHA triggered cell death mainly in PNT1A and 22Rv1.ConclusionIn conclusion, mitochondrial metabolism is significantly affected by the PUFA supplementation to the point that cells are not able to proliferate or survive under DHA-enriched condition. Moreover, combination of DHA supplementation with inhibition of metabolism-related pathways, such as de novo lipogenesis, may be synergistic in castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Cardioprotective effect of linseed oil against isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in Wistar rats: a biochemical and electrocardiographic study; The present study was designed to evaluate the cardioprotective effect of Tunisian flaxseed oil (Linum usitatissimum) against isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats by studying hypertensive and cardiac damage markers especially electrocardiographic changes and troponin T serum level. In vitro, the extracted oil showed an important inhibition of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) with an IC50 = 85.96 mu g/ml. According to chemical analysis, this extract is composed essentially of alpha linolenic acid (ALA), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (58.59 %). Male rats were randomly divided into three groups, namely control (C), isoproterenol (ISO), and isoproterenol-treated group with flaxseed oil (FO + ISO). Isoproterenol injection showed changes in ECG pattern, including ST-segment elevation (diagnostic of myocardial infarction), increase in the serum levels of Troponin T and cardiac injury markers (creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), aspartate transaminase (AST), and alanine transaminase (ALT)). However, Linum oil pre-co-treatment prevented almost all the parameters isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats. Results of the present study proved that flaxseed oil has a significant effect by heart protection against isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction through beneficial effect of the important fraction of ALA.
The Effect of Omega-3 in the Prevention of Preeclampsia in Pregnant Women with Hyperlipidemia; Introduction: Preeclampsia is one of the most common complications of pregnancy and one of the leading causes of maternal and fetal mortalities. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of omega-3 in the prevention of preeclampsia in pregnant women with hyperlipidemia.
Changes in Erythrocyte Omega-3 Fatty Acids in German Employees upon Dietary Advice by Corporate Health; Background: The erythrocyte ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) over total fatty acids, the omega-3 index (O3I), has been suggested as an overall health marker and to motivate corporate health recommendations. We set out to assess the O3I status in a working population, the differences between normal and rotating shift employees, the consumption of omega-3 rich food and whether recommendations to increase intake of omega-3 rich foods can improve the O3I. Methods: Employees registered for their occupational health check-up were offered to participate in a pre-post study at the Ludwigshafen (Germany) site including an assessment of their O3I at baseline and after 4 months (follow-up) and two subsequent food frequency questionnaires. For those with O3I below 8%, a recommendation was provided to increase the intake of omega-3 fatty acid rich food and to take advantage of the employees' catering service with its enhanced fatty seafood offer during the study period. Dietary intake of EPA and DHA, erythrocyte fatty acid profiles, clinical and lifestyle parameters were assessed. Results: In 500 employees (26.6% female, 21-64 years, median age: 47 years [IQR: 37-53]), at baseline the overall mean O3I was 4.1 +/- 1.1% (99.6% of O3I assessed were below 8%), higher in women, in participants with "normal" body weight, upper employment grade, and non-smokers, but not different between regular and rotating shift workers. The three fifths of the cohort also participating in the follow-up increased their EPA and DHA intake by 0.1 g/d and their O3I by 0.5 percentage points. Conclusion: This study provides essential data on omega-3 erythrocyte concentrations in a clinically healthy German working population and the challenges of increasing the O3I with dietary recommendations even in study participants motivated to follow up on their omega-3 status.
Issues of Fish Consumption for Cardiovascular Disease Risk Reduction; Increasing fish consumption is recommended for intake of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids and to confer benefits for the risk reduction of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Most Americans are not achieving intake levels that comply with current recommendations. It is the goal of this review to provide an overview of the issues affecting this shortfall of intake. Herein we describe the relationship between fish intake and CVD risk reduction as well as the other nutritional contributions of fish to the diet. Currently recommended intake levels are described and estimates of fish consumption at a food disappearance and individual level are reported. Risk and benefit factors influencing the choice to consume fish are outlined. The multiple factors influencing fish availability from global capture and aquaculture are described as are other pertinent issues of fish nutrition, production, sustainability, and consumption patterns. This review highlights some of the work that needs to be carried out to meet the demand for fish and to positively affect intake levels to meet fish intake recommendations for CVD risk reduction.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids as Antiarrhythmic Drugs: Upstream Target Modulators Affecting Acute and Long-Term Pathological Alterations in Cardiac Structure and Function; OBJECTIVES:Postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) is a common complication in the acute care period following coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery that is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in both short-term and long-term settings. Recently, the Vaughn Williams Classification of antiarrhythmic agents, first proposed in 1975 and widely viewed as the authoritative description of their electrophysiologic actions, was updated and notably omega-3 fatty acids (Omega-3 fatty acids) have been included in class VII, described as "upstream target modulators," to mitigate pathological structural and electrophysiological remodeling changes in the aged and/or injured myocardium.DATA SOURCES:A PubMed literature search was performed.STUDY SELECTION:Studies examining the significance of complications in patients undergoing isolated CABG surgery were selected for inclusion.DATA EXTRACTION:Relevant data were qualitatively assessed and narratively summarized.DATA SYNTHESIS:POAF occurs in approximately 30% of patients, and inflammation from chronic coronary artery disease preoperatively, as well as acute atrial inflammation from surgery postoperatively are the leading causes. Inflammation underlies its pathophysiology; therefore Omega-3 fatty acids not only exhibit antiarrhythmic properties but are an effective anti-inflammatory treatment that may reduce the clinical risks of POAF.CONCLUSIONS:At present no effective prophylaxis is available to address POAF following CABG surgery. Clinical approaches that focus on the inflammatory response in this setting may optimize the response to treatment. The current literature supports the hypothesis that Omega-3 fatty acids may acutely reduce the inflammatory response via favorable alterations in the metabolism of prostaglandins and leukotrienes (eicosanoids) and specialized pro-resolving mediators.
Omega-3 fatty acids and atorvastatin affect connexin 43 expression in the aorta of hereditary hypertriglyceridemic rats; Statins and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) reduce cardiovascular disease incidence during hypertriglyceridemia (HTG). To elucidate possible cardioprotective mechanisms, we focused on gap junction protein connexin 43 (Cx43). Its expression is disturbed during atherogenesis, but little information is available on its expression during HTG. Experiments were performed on adult male hereditary HTG (hHTG) rats treated with n-3 PUFA (30 mg/day) and atorvastatin (0.5 mg/100 g body weight per day) for 2 months. Cx43 expression and distribution in the aorta were investigated by using Western blotting and immunolabeling, followed by quantitative analysis. Transmission electronmicroscopy was used to study ultrastructure of endothelial contact sites. In contrast to age-matched Wistar, Cx43 expression in aorta of hHTG rats was significantly higher (p < 0.05), and prominent Cx43 immunospots were seen in tunica media and less in endothelium of hHTG rats. Changes in Cx43 expression were accompanied by local qualitative subcellular alterations of interendothelial connections. Treatment of hHTG rats with n-3 PUFA and atorvastatin markedly lowered Cx43 expression in aorta and modified connexin distribution in endothelium and media (p < 0.05 vs. untreated hHTG). The protective effect of treatment of HTG was observed on the structural integrity of the endothelium and was readily visible at the molecular level. Results indicate the involvement of altered Cx43 expression in vascular pathophysiology during HTG and during HTG treatment.
Analysis of the omega-3 fatty acid content of South African fish oil supplements: a follow-up study; Introduction: Globally the omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid supplement industry is expanding rapidly while consumers are becoming more aware of the health benefits of n-3 fatty acids. Our group conducted a survey in 2009 on 45 commercially available fish oil supplements on the South African market. The aim of the study was to determine the fatty acid composition and content of supplements for comparison with the claimed contents on the product label. The survey was repeated in 2012 on 63 supplements.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary revascularization and cardiovascular events: a meta-analysis; Aims Benefits of pharmacologic omega-3 fatty acid administration in cardiovascular prevention are controversial. Particularly, effects on coronary revascularization are unclear; also debated are specific benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). We investigated incident coronary revascularizations, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, heart failure (HF), unstable angina, and cardiovascular death, in subjects randomized to receive EPA or EPA + docosahexaenoic acid (EPA + DHA) vs. control.Methods and results Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted after MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library search. Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analysis guidelines were followed for abstracting data and assessing data quality and validity. Data were pooled using a random effects model. Eighteen RCTs with 134 144 participants (primary and secondary cardiovascular prevention) receiving DHA + EPA (n = 52 498), EPA alone (n = 14 640), or control/placebo (n = 67 006) were included. Follow-up ranged from 4.5 months to 7.4 years. Overall, compared with controls, omega-3 supplementation reduced the risk of revascularization [0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.84-0.98; P = 0.001; P-heterogeneity = 0.0002; I2 = 68%], MI (0.89, 95% CI 0.81-0.98; P = 0.02; P-heterogeneity = 0.06; I2 = 41%), and cardiovascular death (0.92, 95% CI 0.85-0.99; P = 0.02; P-heterogeneity = 0.13; I2 = 33%). Lower risk was still observed in trials where most participants (>= 60%) were on statin therapy. Compared with DHA + EPA, EPA alone showed a further significant risk reduction of revascularizations (0.76, 95% CI 0.65-0.88; P = 0.0002; P-interaction = 0.005) and all outcomes except HF.Conclusion Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduced the risk of cardiovascular events and coronary revascularization, regardless of background statin use. Eicosapentaenoic acid alone produced greater benefits. The role of specific omega-3 molecules in primary vs. secondary prevention and the potential benefits of reduced revascularizations on overall health status and cost savings warrant further research.
EFFECTS ON FIBRINOLYTIC-ACTIVITY OF CORN-OIL AND A FISH-OIL PREPARATION ENRICHED WITH OMEGA-3-POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN A LONG-TERM STUDY; In addition to their beneficial effects in reducing platelet responsiveness, it has been a matter of controversy whether polyunsaturated fatty acids impair the fibrinolytic system or not. In a double-blind, parallel clinical trial, 40 subjects were randomized to treatment with 6 g/day of corn oil, or to 6 g/day of a fish oil preparation, enriched with omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (2.0 g/day of omega-3-PUFA). Clinical and fibrinolytic variables were measured before and after 5 months of treatment. In the com oil group, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1) decreased significantly but in the cod liver oil group, PAI-1 remained unchanged Activities and mass concentrations of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) were unchanged in both groups. It is concluded that, in the doses given here, both these preparations have small or no effects on the fibrinolytic system.
Effect of supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids on hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric patients with obesity; Background: The beneficial effects of treating hypertriglyceridemic adults with omega-3 fatty acids have been reported. However, information regarding omega-3 treatment of pediatric patients is limited. To evaluate the efficacy and safety of administering omega-3 fatty acids (3 g/day for 12 weeks) to children/adolescents with obesity and hypertriglyceridemia.
N-6 and N-3 Fatty Acid Cholesteryl Esters in Relation to Fatal CHD in a Dutch Adult Population: A Nested Case-Control Study and Meta-Analysis; Background: Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are inversely related to coronary heart disease (CHD) in epidemiological studies. We examined the associations of plasma n-6 and n-3 PUFA in cholesteryl esters with fatal CHD in a nested case-control study. Additionally, we performed a dose-response meta-analysis of similar prospective studies on cholesteryl ester PUFA.
Antisense expression of a ω-3 fatty acid desaturase gene in tobacco plants enhances susceptibility against pathogens; Membrane lipids in higher plants contain a high proportion of trienoic fatty acids. omega-3 Fatty acid desaturases act on membrane lipids to catalyze the formation of trienoic acids. We isolated a wound-inducible Arabidopsis plastid omega-3 fatty acid desaturase (fad7) gene, and generated transgenic tobacco plants constitutively expressing the antisense fad7 RNA. Selected transgenic lines showed significant reductions in the content of trienoic fatty acids compared with control plants. The transgenic lines showed enhanced susceptibility against Tobacco mosaic virus infection, where necrotic lesions with brown halos developed much earlier and were larger in the transgenic lines than in control plants. After Tobacco mosaic virus infection, expression and protein accumulations of the wound-inducible protein kinase WIPK, as well as defense-response gene expressions such as lipoxygenase (lox) and defensin (pdf1.2), were retarded in the transgenic lines compared with control plants. Increased susceptibility of the transgenic lines was also demonstrated by infections with Pseudomonas syringae pv. tabaci (van Hall) Ash et al., which caused wildfire disease, and with a powdery mildew fungus (Erysiphe cichoracearum DC). These findings support the concept that trienoic fatty acids are involved in plant defense signaling.
Association of fish and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids intakes with total and cause-specific mortality: prospective analysis of 421 309 individuals; Background. Prevailing dietary guidelines recommend regular fish consumption. However, the associations of fish and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3 PUFAs) intakes with mortality remain unclear.
Reduction of inflammation and chronic tissue damage by omega-3 fatty acids in fat-1 transgenic mice with pancreatitis; Pancreatitis is a severe debilitating disease with high morbidity and mortality. Treatment is mostly supportive, and until now there are no clinically useful strategies for anti-inflammatory therapy. Although omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are known to have anti-inflammatory effects, the utility of these fatty acids in the alleviation of pancreatitis remained to be investigated. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of n-3 PUFA on both acute and chronic pancreatitis in a well-controlled experimental system. We used the fat-1 transgenic mouse model, characterized by endogenously increased tissue levels of n-3 PUFA, and their wild-type littermates to examine the effect of n-3 PUFA on both acute and chronic cerulein-induced pancreatitis. Disease activity and inflammatory status were assessed by both histology and molecular methods. In acute pancreatitis, fat-1 mice showed a trend towards decreased necrosis and significantly reduced levels of plasma IL-6 levels as well as reduced neutrophil infiltration in the lung. In chronic pancreatitis there was less pancreatic fibrosis and collagen content accompanied by decreased pancreatic stellate cell activation in the fat-1 animals with increased n-3 PUFA tissue levels as compared to wild-type littermates with high levels of omega-6 (n-6) PUFA in their tissues. Our data provide evidence for a reduction of systemic inflammation in acute pancreatitis and of tissue fibrosis in chronic pancreatitis by increasing the tissue content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. These results suggest a beneficial potential for n-3 PUFA supplementation in acute and particularly chronic pancreatitis. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary omega-3 fatty acids on the heart rate and the heart rate variability responses to myocardial ischemia or submaximal exercise; Billman GE, Harris WS. Effect of dietary omega-3 fatty acids on the heart rate and the heart rate variability responses to myocardial ischemia or submaximal exercise. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 300: H2288-H2299, 2011. First published April 1, 2011; doi: 10.1152/ajpheart.00140.2011.-The consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) has been reported to decrease resting heart rate (HR) and increase heart rate variability (HRV). However, the effects of n-3 PUFAs on these variables in response to a physiological stress (e. g., exercise or acute myocardial ischemia), particularly in postmyocardial infarction (MI) patients, are unknown. Therefore, HR and HRV (high frequency and total R-R interval variability) were evaluated at rest, during submaximal exercise, and during a 2-min coronary artery occlusion at rest and before and 3 mo after n-3 PUFA treatment in dogs with healed MI (n = 59). The dogs were randomly assigned to either placebo (1 g/day corn oil, n = 19) or n-3 PUFA supplement (docosahexaenoic acid + eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl esters; 1 g/day, n = 6; 2 g/day, n = 12; or 4 g/day, n = 22) groups. The treatment elicited significant (P < 0.01) dose-dependent increases in right atrial n-3 PUFA levels but dose-independent reductions in resting HR and increases in resting HRV. In contrast, n-3 PUFAs did not attenuate the large changes in HR or HRV induced by either the coronary occlusion or submaximal exercise. These data demonstrate that dietary n-3 PUFA decreased resting (i.e., preexercise or preocclusion) HR and increased resting HRV but did not alter the cardiac response to physiologic challenges.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Prevention and Therapy: Aspects of Health Care Quality; Omega-3 fatty acids (FA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are important components of nutrition. Unfortunately, the intake of these essential polyunsaturated fatty acids is often insufficient in western countries. Therefore, it is of particular importance, that the organism receives adequate amounts of EPA and DHA from nourishment (fish and fish products). If the optimal intake of Omega-3 FA from nutrition can not be achieved in an individual, supplementation should be considered. In the present review, the role of Omega-3 fatty acids in prevention and therapy of various diseases, as well as their mechanisms of action, are discussed. Furthermore, the paper addresses practical options to determine the individual Omega-3 status and describes different possibilities to assure sufficient intake of Omega-3 FA.
Trim the fat: the role of omega-3 fatty acids in psychopharmacology; The American Psychiatric Association (APA) currently recommends the use of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for depressive disorders, impulse-control disorders, and psychotic disorders in treatment guidelines. This review examines the evidence for efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in depressive disorders, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorders, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and psychosis. Meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials of omega-3 fatty acids for depression are inconclusive, with strong evidence of publication bias, sizable heterogeneity between included studies, and substantial methodological shortcomings in included trials. The large amount of heterogeneity in findings of RCTs of omega-3 fatty acids for unipolar depression is likely attributable to highly heterogeneous sample populations that are given different omega-3 supplements [which differ widely in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) content, ratio, and dosage] as either adjunctive or monotherapy of other existing treatments, and then measure several different outcomes of depression symptomatology with likely incomplete blinding. Evidence of efficacy of omega-3 supplementation in treating psychosis, PTSD, anxiety, and bipolar mania is minimal. The current guidelines recommending the use of omega-3 fatty acids in adulthood psychiatric conditions should be revisited, especially given several recent negative studies examining the effects of omega-3 fatty acids for cardiovascular disease. Recommending likely ineffective treatment to patients, no matter how benign the side-effect profile, has opportunity cost (e.g. other more effective medications or therapies not being utilized) and likely affects patient compliance with other evidence-based treatments.
Omega-3 fatty acid concentrates in the treatment of moderate hypertriglyceridemia; Background: Moderate hypertriglyceridemia is fairly common, and elevated triglycerides are a risk factor for coronary heart disease. The omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA have been shown to lower triglycerides in many clinical studies. Prescription omega-3 fatty acid concentrates (P-OM3) are indicated for use in people with very high triglycerides (> 500 mg/dl). Current guidelines recommend that triglycerides should be less < 150 mg/dl. Objective: This review provides an overview of the use of omega-3 concentrates (both P-OM3 and over-the-counter fish oil) to lower triglycerides in people who have moderate hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides in the range of 150 - 500 mg/dl). The objectives were to examine clinical evidence, describe the magnitude of effects and predict future clinical use of P-OM3. Methods: Published, peer-reviewed studies of omega-3 concentrates were included if they were placebo-controlled, double-blind, of sufficient size to demonstrate triglyceride lowering, and studied a population described as having a mean baseline triglyceride value of 150 - 500 mg/dl. Studies using the 4-g dose of P-OM3 were used to develop a model of percent triglyceride lowering as a function of baseline levels. Results/conclusions: P-OM3 are effective in reducing triglycerides by similar to 30% in this population and are likely to be combined with other drugs (e.g., statins) to treat combined dyslipidemia.
Omega-3 fatty acids to prevent preterm birth: Australian pregnant women's preterm birth awareness and intentions to increase omega-3 fatty acid intake; Background Preterm birth is the leading cause of death in children under five. A recent Cochrane review found a 42% reduction in early preterm birth (< 34 weeks' gestation) and 11% reduction in preterm birth (< 37 weeks' gestation) with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. To assist in the development of implementation strategies to increase pregnant women's omega-3 fatty acid intake, we assessed the awareness of Australian pregnant women about preterm birth, their nutrition and supplementation behaviours during pregnancy, and intentions to increase omega-3 fatty acid intake. Methods A ten-minute survey was conducted online to assess the knowledge, attitudes, behaviours, and intentions of Australian pregnant women across three domains: (1) preterm birth; (2) nutrition and supplementation during pregnancy; and (3) omega-3 fatty acid consumption to prevent preterm birth. Participants were recruited from Survey Sampling International's research panels. Results Of the 763 women who completed the survey, less than two-thirds had heard of preterm birth. Over 55% of respondents had changed their diet during pregnancy and a prenatal dietary supplement was consumed by 82% of the women surveyed. Respondents' main source of information about preterm birth and nutrition during pregnancy was from a health professional. When asked about their intentions to increase their omega-3 fatty acid intake following a health professional's recommendation, the vast majority of participants indicated they would increase their omega-3 fatty acid intake (90%). When a hypothetical scenario was presented of an omega-3 fatty acid supplement being offered from a health service at no cost, the number of respondents who selected they would increase their intake through supplementation increased from 54 to 79%. Conclusions The main information source for women about preterm birth and dietary supplementation recommendations during pregnancy is their health professional. Therefore, informing women about ways to prevent preterm birth, including the role of omega-3 fatty acids, should occur during antenatal visits. The results from our study are useful for clinicians caring for pregnant women and for the next stage of translation of the Cochrane review findings - the design of implementation strategies to increase the intake of omega-3 fatty acids during pregnancy where needed.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Lipid Profiles in Dialysis Patients: Meta-analysis; Background and Aims. Studies of omega-3 supplementation in dialysis patients describe salutary effects on lipid profiles. However, study results have been inconsistent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of omega-3 supplementation on serum lipids in chronic dialysis patients.
Randomized placebo-controlled pilot trial of omega 3 fatty acids for prevention of aromatase inhibitor-induced musculoskeletal pain; Purpose Aromatase inhibitor (AI)-induced joint symptoms negatively impact drug adherence and quality of life in breast cancer survivors. Mechanisms underlying symptoms may include inflammation. It is hypothesized that n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory properties and may reduce symptoms.
Variability in the Clinical Effects of the Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids DHA and EPA in Cardiovascular Disease-Possible Causes and Future Considerations; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) that includes myocardial infarction and stroke, is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. Atherosclerosis, the primary underlying cause of CVD, can be controlled by pharmacological and dietary interventions, including n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation. n-3 PUFA supplementation, primarily consisting of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has shown promise in reducing atherosclerosis by modulating risk factors, including triglyceride levels and vascular inflammation. n-3 PUFAs act by replacing pro-inflammatory fatty acid types in cell membranes and plasma lipids, by regulating transcription factor activity, and by inducing epigenetic changes. EPA and DHA regulate cellular function through shared and differential molecular mechanisms. Large clinical studies on n-3 PUFAs have reported conflicting findings, causing confusion among the public and health professionals. In this review, we discuss important factors leading to these inconsistencies, in the context of atherosclerosis, including clinical study design and the differential effects of EPA and DHA on cell function. We propose steps to improve clinical and basic experimental study design in order to improve supplement composition optimization. Finally, we propose that understanding the factors underlying the poor response to n-3 PUFAs, and the development of molecular biomarkers for predicting response may help towards a more personalized treatment.
Essential fatty acids and their derivatives; Purpose of review
Potential Benefits of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (N3PUFAs) on Cardiovascular Health Associated with COVID-19: An Update for 2023; The accumulating literature demonstrates that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, N3PUFA) can be incorporated into the phospholipid bilayer of cell membranes in the human body to positively affect the cardiovascular system, including improving epithelial function, decreasing coagulopathy, and attenuating uncontrolled inflammatory responses and oxidative stress. Moreover, it has been proven that the N3PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are precursors of some potent endogenous bioactive lipid mediators that mediate some favorable effects attributed to their parent substances. A dose-response relationship between increased EPA and DHA intake and reduced thrombotic outcomes has been reported. The excellent safety profile of dietary N3PUFAs makes them a prospective adjuvant treatment for people exposed to a higher risk of cardiovascular problems associated with COVID-19. This review presented the potential mechanisms that might contribute to the beneficial effects of N3PUFA and the optimal form and dose applied.
Microbiota, a New Playground for the Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Diseases; Several cardioprotective mechanisms attributed to Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been studied and widely documented. However, in recent years, studies have supported the concept that the intestinal microbiota can play a much larger role than we had anticipated. Microbiota could contribute to several pathologies, including cardiovascular diseases. Indeed, an imbalance in the microbiota has often been reported in patients with cardiovascular disease and produces low-level inflammation. This inflammation contributes to, more or less, long-term development of cardiovascular diseases. It can also worsen the symptoms and the consequences of these pathologies. According to some studies, omega-3 PUFAs in the diet could restore this imbalance and mitigate its harmful effects on cardiovascular diseases. Many mechanisms are involved and included: (1) a reduction of bacteria producing trimethylamine (TMA); (2) an increase in bacteria producing butyrate, which has anti-inflammatory properties; and (3) a decrease in the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Additionally, omega-3 PUFAs would help maintain better integrity in the intestinal barrier, thereby preventing the translocation of intestinal contents into circulation. This review will summarize the effects of omega-3 PUFAs on gut micro-biota and the potential impact on cardiac health.
Maternal omega-3 PUFA supplementation prevents hyperoxia-induced pulmonary hypertension in the offspring; Pulmonary hypertension (PH) and right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH) affect 16-25% of premature infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), contributing significantly to perinatal morbidity and mortality. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA omega-3) can improve vascular remodeling, angiogenesis, and inflammation under pathophysiological conditions. However, the effects of PUFA omega-3 supplementation in BPD-associated PH are unknown. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of PUFA omega-3 on pulmonary vascular remodeling, angiogenesis, and inflammatory response in a hyperoxia-induced rat model of PH. From embryonic day 15, pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were supplemented daily with PUFA omega-3, PUFA omega-6, or normal saline (0.2 ml/day). After birth, pups were pooled, assigned as 12 per litter, randomly assigned to either air or continuous oxygen exposure (fraction of inspired oxygen = 85%) for 20 days, and then euthanized for pulmonary hemodynamic and morphometric analysis. We found that PUFA omega-3 supplementation improved survival, decreased right ventricular systolic pressure and RVH caused by hyperoxia, and significantly improved alveolarization, vascular remodeling, and vascular density. PUFA omega-3 supplementation produced a higher level of total omega-3 in lung tissue and breast milk and was found to reverse the reduced levels of VEGFA, VEGF receptor 2, angiopoietin-1 (ANGPT1), endothelial TEK tyrosine kinase, endothelial nitric oxide synthase, and nitric oxide concentrations in lung tissue and the increased ANGPT2 levels in hyperoxia-exposed rats. The beneficial effects of PUFA omega-3 in improving lung injuries were also associated with an inhibition of leukocyte infiltration and reduced expression of the proinflammatory cytokines IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha. These data indicate that maternal PUFA omega-3 supplementation strategies could effectively protect against infant PH induced by hyperoxia.
Effect of Rosuvastatin Monotherapy and in Combination With Fenofibrate or Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Serum Vitamin D Levels; Background: Low levels of 25(OH) vitamin D [25(OH)VitD] have been recognized as a new cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factor. Statins seem to increase 25(OH) VitD concentration. Aim: To investigate whether combined treatment with the usual dose of rosuvastatin plus fenofibrate or omega-3 fatty acids would increase 25(OH) VitD levels compared with the high-dose rosuvastatin monotherapy in participants with mixed dislipidemia. Methods: We randomly allocated 60 patients with mixed dyslipidemia (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: >160 mg/dL plus triglycerides: >200 mg/dL) to receive rosuvastatin 40 mg (n=22), rosuvastatin 10 mg plus fenofibrate 200 mg (n=21), or rosuvastatin 10 mg plus omega-3 fatty acids 2 g (n=17) daily for 3 months. Our primary end point was changes in the levels of serum 25(OH) VitD. Results: Rosuvastatin monotherapy was associated with a 53% increase in 25(OH) VitD (from 14.6 [1.0-38.0] to 17.8 [5.3-49.6] ng/mL; P=.000). Rosuvastatin plus micronized fenofibrate and rosuvastatin plus omega-3 fatty acids were associated with increases of 64% (from 14.1 [1.0-48.0] to 18.4 [6.7-52.4] ng/mL, P=.001) and 61% (from 10.4 [6.6-38.4] to 14.0 [9.6-37.6] ng/mL, P=.04), respectively. The changes in 25(OH) VitD after treatment were comparable in the 3 groups. Conclusion: High-dose rosuvastatin monotherapy and the usual dose of rosuvastatin plus fenofibrate or omega-3 fatty acids are associated with significant and similar increases in the 25(OH) VitD levels. This increase may be relevant in terms of CVD risk prevention.
CAN LINOLEIC-ACID CONTRIBUTE TO CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; The adipose tissue concentration of linoleic acid was positively associated with the degree of coronary artery disease (CAD) in a cross-sectional study of 226 patients undergoing coronary angiography. Linoleic acid concentration in adipose tissue is known to reflect the intake of this fatty acid. These results are therefore indicative of a positive relationship between linoleic acid intake and CAD. The platelet linoleic acid concentration was also positively associated with CAD. After confounding factors were allowed for, the eicosapentaenoic acid concentration in platelets was inversely associated with CAD for men, and the docosapentaenoic acid concentration in platelets was inversely associated with CAD for women; results consistent with several other studies that suggest that fish, and omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish and fish oils, can beneficially influence macrovascular disease.
Long Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation Protects Against Adriamycin and Cyclophosphamide Chemotherapy-Induced Bone Marrow Damage in Female Rats; Although bone marrow and bone toxicities have been reported in breast cancer survivors, preventative strategies are yet to be developed. Clinical studies suggest consumption of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn3PUFA) can attenuate age-related bone loss, and recent animal studies also revealed benefits of LCn3PUFA in alleviating bone marrow and bone toxicities associated with methotrexate chemotherapy. Using a female rat model for one of the most commonly used anthracycline-containing breast cancer chemotherapy regimens (adriamycin + cyclophosphamide) (AC) chemotherapy, this study investigated potential effects of daily LCn3PUFA consumption in preserving bone marrow and bone microenvironment during chemotherapy. AC treatment for four cycles significantly reduced bone marrow cellularity and increased marrow adipocyte contents. It increased trabecular bone separation but no obvious changes in bone volume or bone cell densities. LCn3PUFA supplementation (375 mg/100 g/day) attenuated AC-induced bone marrow cell depletion and marrow adiposity. It also partially attenuated AC-induced increases in trabecular bone separation and the cell sizes and nuclear numbers of osteoclasts formed ex vivo from bone marrow cells isolated from AC-treated rats. This study suggests that LCn3PUFA supplementation may have beneficial effects in preventing bone marrow damage and partially protecting the bone during AC cancer chemotherapy.
Reduction of heart rate by omega-3 fatty acids and the potential underlying mechanisms; An elevated resting heart rate is one of the strongest predictors of cardiovascular mortality and is independently associated with sudden cardiac death (SCD). Agents capable of reducing heart rate without significant side effects are therefore of particular interest for the prevention of SCD. Recent human and animal studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids can reduce heart rate. Our work has shown that omega-3 fatty acids significantly reduce membrane electrical excitability of the cardiac myocyte by lowering its resting membrane potential and the duration of the refractory period through inhibition of ion channels. We propose that these actions may be the underlying mechanisms for the omega-3 fatty acid-induced reduction of heart rate observed in both humans and animals. The heart rate lowering capability of omega-3 fatty acids may contribute to their preventive effect against SCD.
Altered levels of shorter vs long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in commercial diets for market-sized Atlantic salmon reared in seawater - Effects on fatty acid composition, metabolism and product quality; There is a growing trend of 'replacing' long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LC PUFA) rich oils with C-18 shorter-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid rich oils in Atlantic salmon aquafeed formulations. n-3 LC PUFA, including 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3, play contrasting physiological roles and are metabolised differently in comparison to C-18 PUFA. Accordingly, the present study recorded the effect of replacing n-3 LC PUFA rich dietary fish oil with C-18 n-3 PUFA rich camelina oil at two inclusion levels in commercial-like diets fed to market-sized Atlantic salmon. This assessment was achieved by an analysis of industry relevant production parameters including growth performance, fatty acid composition and metabolism, nutrient digestibility and consumer acceptance (liking and attribute analysis of fillet). The trial was conducted over the final 150 days of an on-farm grow-out period in seawater. The dietary replacement of n-3 LC PUFA with C-18 n-3 PUFA resulted in a significant decrease in fillet n-3 LC PUFA and a poorer growth performance. However, in the absence of fish oil, the inclusion of camelina oil at high levels (40%) contributed to an improved n-6/n-3 ratio and partially ameliorated low dietary n-3 LC PUFA by providing added substrate for endogenous n-3 LC PUFA synthesis in comparison to a 20% camelina oil inclusion. Furthermore, consumer acceptance of Atlantic salmon was unaffected by the dietary addition of camelina oil.
PURIFIED OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS RETARD THE DEVELOPMENT OF PROTEINURIA IN SALT-LOADED HYPERTENSIVE RATS; Objective: To determine whether purified omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids influence the progression of hypertensive renal failure in salt-loaded stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) with established hypertension or during the developmental of their hypertension.
Atorvastatin in Factorial with Omega-3 EE90 Risk Reduction in Diabetes (AFORRD): a randomised controlled trial; Aims/hypothesis The aim of the study was to examine the impact of statin or omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 (omega-3 EE90; omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 refers to a mixture of ethyl esters of n-3 fatty acids) on estimated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in community-based people with type 2 diabetes but without known CVD and not taking lipid-lowering therapy.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of atherogenic dyslipidemia; Epidemiological studies have established an association between high triglycerides (TG) plasma levels and increased cardiovascular risk. Increased TG levels, commonly coupled with low HDL-C levels, are common in high cardiovascular risk subjects including those with dyslipidemia, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Management of hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) includes lifestyle modification for mild-to-moderate HTG and pharmacological therapies for the treatment of high and very high TG levels. Among drugs, fibrates, nicotinic acid and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may be considered. Omega-3 fatty acids reduce plasma TG levels by several mechanisms; beside the effects on TG, omega-3 can also influence the levels of other lipids and lipoproteins including HDL-C and LDL-C. Clinical trials have also shown that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation is effective also when added in combination with other lipid-lowering drugs. These findings suggest that omega-3 fatty acids may be usefully considered for the management of high TG levels. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Epigenetic Reprogramming Mediated by Maternal Diet Rich in Omega-3 Fatty Acids Protects From Breast Cancer Development in F1 Offspring; Diets rich in omega-3 fatty acids (FA) have been associated with lowered risks of developing certain types of cancers. We earlier reported that in transgenic mice prone to develop breast cancer (BCa), a diet supplemented with canola oil, rich in omega-3-rich FA (as opposed to an omega-6-rich diet containing corn oil), reduced the risk of developing BCa, and also significantly reduced the incidence of BCa in F1 offspring. To investigate the underlying mechanisms of the cancer protective effect of canola oil in the F1 generation, we designed and performed the present study with the same diets using BALB/c mice to remove any possible effect of the transgene. First, we observed epigenetic changes at the genome-wide scale in F1 offspring of mothers fed diets containing omega-3 FAs, including a significant increase in acetylation of H3K18 histone mark and a decrease in H3K4me2 mark on nucleosomes around transcription start sites. These epigenetic modifications contribute to differential gene expressions associated with various pathways and molecular mechanisms involved in preventing cancer development, including p53 pathway, G2M checkpoint, DNA repair, inflammatory response, and apoptosis. When offspring mice were exposed to 7,12-Dimethylbenz(a)anthracene (DMBA), the group of mice exposed to a canola oil (with omega 3 FAs)-rich maternal diet showed delayed mortality, increased survival, reduced lateral tumor growth, and smaller tumor size. Remarkably, various genes, including BRCA genes, appear to be epigenetically re-programmed to poise genes to be ready for a rapid transcriptional activation due to the canola oil-rich maternal diet. This ability to respond rapidly due to epigenetic potentiation appeared to contribute to and promote protection against breast cancer after carcinogen exposure.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Exercise, and Cancer-Related Fatigue in Breast Cancer Survivors; Cancer-related fatigue (CRF) is one of the most frequently reported and disabling symptoms in cancer survivors. With its negative impact on the activities of daily living, work, social activities, and mood, CRF causes severe impairment of quality of life. A previous study showed that omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation unexpectedly reduced CRF compared with omega-3 PUFA supplementation and that omega-6 PUFA supplementation reduced pro-inflammatory serum markers in fatigued American breast cancer survivors. Meanwhile, a recent meta-analysis of individual patient data revealed significant benefits of exercise interventions on CRF. Recently, we completed our randomized controlled trial among early-stage Japanese breast cancer survivors, in which we examined the effect of baseline blood PUFA characteristics on change in CRF during the 12-week trial by exercise group and confirmed that increased Cancer Fatigue Scale (CFS) was associated with both docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (p = 0.06) and omega-3 index (p = 0.08) at baseline in all participants (n = 46, omega-6/omega-3 ratio = 6.79, SD = 1.90). On the contrary, DHA at baseline was positively correlated with change in CRF (r = 0.40, p = 0.06) in the control group (n = 24, omega-6/omega-3 ratio = 7.0). Moreover, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) at baseline was positively correlated with leg strength (r = 0.39, p = 0.10) in the exercise group. In conclusion, blood PUFA balance might be associated with the effect of exercise on CRF. In addition, higher EPA in individuals who conducted exercise likely has a beneficial effect on muscle strength. Further investigation is needed to clarify the interaction between PUFAs and exercise for alleviating CRF.</p>
Omega-3 fatty acids decrease CRYAB, production of oncogenic prostaglandin E<sub>2</sub> and suppress tumor growth in medulloblastoma; Aims: Medulloblastoma (MB) is one of the most common malignant central nervous system tumors of childhood. Despite intensive treatments that often leads to severe neurological sequelae, the risk for resistant relapses remains significant. In this study we have evaluated the effects of the omega 3-long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-LCPUFA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on MB cell lines and in a MB xenograft model.Main methods: Effects of omega 3-LCPUFA treatment of MB cells were assessed using the following: WST-1 assay, cell death probes, clonogenic assay, ELISA and western blot. MB cells were implanted into nude mice and the mice were randomized to DHA, or a combination of DHA and EPA treatment, or to control group. Treatment effects in tumor tissues were evaluated with: LC-MS/MS, RNA-sequencing and immunohistochemistry, and tumors, erythrocytes and brain tissues were analyzed with gas chromatography.Key findings: omega 3-LCPUFA decreased prostaglandin E2 (PGE(2)) secretion from MB cells, and impaired MB cell viability and colony forming ability and increased apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. DHA reduced tumor growth in vivo, and both PGE(2) and prostacyclin were significantly decreased in tumor tissue from treated mice compared to control animals. All omega 3-LCPUFA and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid increased in tumors from treated mice. RNA-sequencing revealed 10 downregulated genes in common among omega 3-LCPUFA treated tumors. CRYAB was the most significantly altered gene and the downregulation was confirmed by immunohistochemistry.Significance: Our findings suggest that addition of DHA and EPA to the standard MB treatment regimen might be a novel approach to target inflammation in the tumor microenvironment.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids: time to establish a dietary reference intake; The beneficial effects of consuming omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on cardiovascular health have been studied extensively. To date, there is no dietary reference intake (DRI) for EPA and DHA, although many international authorities and expert groups have issued dietary recommendations for them. Given the substantial new evidence published since the last Institute of Medicine (IOM) report on energy and macronutrients, released in 2002, there is a pressing need to establish a DRI for EPA and DHA. In order to set a DRI, however, more information is needed to define the intakes of EPA and DHA required to reduce the burden of chronic disease. Information about potential gender- or race-based differences in requirements is also needed. Given the many health benefits of EPA and DHA that have been described since the 2002 IOM report, there is now a strong justification for establishing a DRI for these fatty acids. (C) 2013 International Life Sciences Institute
DIETARY-SUPPLEMENT OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS HAS NO EFFECT ON ACUTE COLLAGEN-INDUCED THROMBUS FORMATION IN FLOWING NATIVE BLOOD; We have studied the effect of a daily supplement of 2.4 g omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3 FAs) to 16 healthy men on acute collagen-induced thrombus formation in flowing non-anticoagulated blood The supplement was formulated as Triomar(TM) capsules, containing 60% omega-3 FAs with an eicosapentaenoic/docosahexaenoic acid ratio of 3/2. A parallel-plate perfusion chamber device was used to study thrombus formation prior to and after 3 months of omega-3 FAs supplement. The wall shear rates at the thrombogenic surface were 650, 2 600 and 10 500 s(-1), which are typical for small arteries, slightly stenosed arteries and severely stenosed arteries, respectively. For the latter situation a parallel-plate perfusion chamber with an eccentric stenosis occluding 80% of the cross-sectional area of the blood flow channel was used. The dietary supplement of omega-3 FAs did not cause significant changes in platelet adhesion to collagen or in thrombus volume. However, fibrin deposition was reduced by 34% (P<0.03) at the highest shear condition (stenosis). Plasma fibrinogen was reduced by 18% (P<0.0006). Changes in serum concentration of triglycerides, total-cholesterol, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol were not significant. Our data suggest that a moderate intake of omega-3 FAs provides virtually no protection against acute platelet-dependent thrombus formation, irrespective of the shear conditions. However, the significant reduction in plasma levels of fibrinogen following dietary supplementation of omega-3 FAs may be important, since high levels of fibrinogen is associated with cardiovascular disease and thrombosis.
Serum Levels of Dihomo-Gamma (γ)-Linolenic Acid (DGLA) Are Inversely Associated with Linoleic Acid and Total Death in Elderly Patients with a Recent Myocardial Infarction; Dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) is an n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) derived from linoleic acid (LA). The LA:DGLA ratio reflects conversion from LA to DGLA. Low levels of DGLA in serum have been related to poor outcome in myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Aims: To assess the association of DGLA and LA:DGLA with total death as a primary aim and incident cardiovascular events as a secondary objective. Methods: Baseline samples from 1002 patients, aged 70 to 82 years, included 2-8 weeks after an MI and followed for 2 years, were used. Major adverse clinical events (MACE) consisted of nonfatal MI, unscheduled coronary revascularization, stroke, hospitalization for heart failure or all-cause death. Cox regression analysis was used to relate serum n-6 PUFA phospholipid levels (%wt) to the risk of MACE, adjusting for the following: (1) age, sex and body mass index (BMI); (2) adding baseline cod liver oil supplementation; (3) adding prevalent hypertension, chronic kidney disease and diabetes mellitus. Results: Median DGLA level in serum phospholipids was 2.89 (Q1-Q3 2.43-3.38) %wt. DGLA was inversely related to LA and LA:DGLA ratio. There were 208 incident cases of MACE and 55 deaths. In the multivariable analysis, the hazard ratio (HR) for the total death in the three higher quartiles (Q2-4) of DGLA as compared to Q1 was 0.54 (0.31-0.95), with p = 0.03 (Model-1), 0.50 (0.28-0.91), with p = 0.02 (Model-2), and 0.47 (0.26-0.84), with p = 0.012 (Model-3), and non-significant for MACE. Risk of MACE (Model 3) approached borderline significance for LA:DGLA in Q2-4 vs. Q1 [HR 1.42 (1.00-2.04), p = 0.052]. Conclusions: Low levels of DGLA were related to a high LA:DGLA ratio and risk of total death in elderly patients with recent MI.
Polyphenol-Enriched Protein Oleogels as Potential Delivery Systems of Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 FAs) are essential nutrients and are considered effective in improving human health. Recent studies highlight the importance of the combination of n-3 FAs and polyphenols for limiting the oxidation of n-3 FAs and exhibiting synergistic beneficial effects. Herein, we developed a novel formulation technology to prepare oleogels that could be used for the codelivery of n-3 FAs and polyphenols with high loading efficacy and oxidative stability. These oleogels are made from algal oil with polyphenol-enriched whey protein microgel (WPM) particles as gelling agents via simple and scalable ball milling technology. The oxidative status, fatty acid composition, and volatiles of protein oleogels during accelerated storage were systematically assessed by stoichiometry and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. These results showed that protein oleogels could overcome several challenges associated with the formulation of n-3 oils, including long-term oxidative stability and improved sensory and textural properties. The protein oleogel system could provide an excellent convenience for formulating multiple nutrients and nutraceuticals with integrating health effects, which are expected to be used in the care of highly vulnerable populations, including children, the elderly, and patients.
Benefits of supplementation with microbial omega-3 fatty acids on human health and the current market scenario for fish-free omega-3 fatty acid; Background: Growing evidence points to a link between specific fatty acids ingested through the diet and human health. Chain length, saturation degree, and position of double bonds in fatty acids determine their effect in humans. Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids have been recognized for their contribution to the prevention and/or treatment of diabetes, cancer, visual impairment, cardiovascular diseases, as well as neurological and musculoskeletal disorders. Scope and approach: Humans cannot synthesize these fatty acids in sufficient amounts and need to absorb them through the diet. Oleaginous microalgae constitute a promising, sustainable source of such fatty acids, as they can accumulate up to 85% of lipids on a cell dry weight basis. Key findings and conclusions: The present review summarizes the potential of oleaginous microalgae as a convenient, economical, and sustainable source of polyunsaturated fatty acids, and explores their beneficial role in human health. The growing prevalence of cardiovascular diseases and changing dietary preferences are driving the increasing demand for microbial omega-3 fatty acids. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, the importance of a healthy immune system has further strengthened the market for omega-3 fatty acids.
Fish consumption, omega-3 fatty acids and risk of heart failure: A meta-analysis; Background & aims: While marine omega-3 fatty acids have been associated with a lower mortality in heart failure patients,. data on omega-3 and incident heart failure are inconsistent. We systematically reviewed the evidence on the association of omega-3 fatty acids and fish intake with the incidence of heart failure in this meta-analysis.
Fish, long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption, and risk of all-cause mortality: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis from 23 independent prospective cohort studies; Background and Objectives: The consumption of fish and long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may influence the risk of all-cause mortality, but the findings have been inconsistent. The current systematic review and meta-analysis is to clarify the association between fish and long chain n-3 PUFA consumption with risk of all-cause mortality. Methods and Study Design: Studies published before March 2017 were identified through electronic searches using PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science database. We included prospective cohort studies that reported relative risks with 95% CI of all-cause mortality for fish and long chain n-3 PUFA consumption. Results were combined using a random effects model. Results: Twenty-three prospective cohorts with a total of 1,035,416 participants were included. Twenty-two pooled studies involving 985,126 participants indicated that fish intake was associated with 6% (RR: 0.94; 95% CI: 0.90, 0.98) reduction in risk of all-cause mortality. Six studies with 430,579 participants investigated the association between long chain n-3 PUFA and all-cause mortality risk, the relative risk for highest versus lowest category was 0.86 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.93). Dose response analysis suggested that the risk of all-cause mortality was reduced by 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.88, 0.99) for every 0.2 g per day increment in long chain n-3 PUFA consumption. Conclusions: Current meta-analysis indicates that both fish and long chain n-3 PUFA consumption are inversely associated with risk of all-cause mortality. These findings could have public health implications with regard to lowering risk of all-cause mortality through dietary interventions.
Omega 3 fatty acid supplementation and lipoprotein(a) concentrations in patients with chronic glomerular diseases; Renal disease patients often exhibit alterations in the lipid profile which may become an important risk of accelerated atherosclerosis and contribute to disease progression. Among such alterations, increased levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are common and may be related, in part, to the degree of proteinuria. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 FA) have been reported to decrease Lp(a) concentrations in nonrenal subjects. In addition, they have recently been shown to reduce proteinuria in patients with chronic glomerular disease. We therefore tested the hypothesis that omega-3 FA treatment in patients with chronic glomerular disease may reduce Lp(a) concentrations. Eight patients (2 with membranous glomerulonephritis, 6 with focal glomerular sclerosis) were submitted to a total of 13 six-week courses of treatment with omega-3 FA, at a dose of 3 g/day with a triglyceride preparation (n = 4) and of 7.7 g/day with an ethyl-ester preparation (n = 9). Both treatments significantly increased the proportions of omega-3 to omega-6 FA in total serum lipids, documenting compliance to treatment. Both treatments were also effective in decreasing serum thromboxane (from mean 490 +/- (SEM) 70 to 325 +/- 49 ng/ml, p < 0.05, in the high-dose group) and prolonging the bleeding time (from 5.8 +/- 0.4 to 7.7 +/- 0.5 min, p < 0.05, in the high-dose group), thus documenting the biological efficacy of treatment. However, despite a significant reduction in serum triglyceride levels (from 137 +/- 20 to 104 +/- 19 mg/dl in the high-dose group), Lp(a) concentrations did not change (292 +/- 120 U/l before, 315 +/- 130 U/l after the high-dose therapy). Treatment-related changes in proteinuria (from 2.9 +/- 0.5 to 2.1 +/- 0.7 g/24 h) were not related at all to changes in Lp(a) levels. We conclude that omega-3 FA do not decrease Lp(a) concentrations in renal patients with chronic glomerular diseases and that Lp(a) levels are unlikely to be related to the degree of proteinuria within the short-term modifications induced by omega-3 FA.
Omega 3 Fatty Acids and COVID-19: A Comprehensive Review; The rapid international spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 responsible for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has posed a global health emergency in 2020. It has affected over 52 million people and led to over 1.29 million deaths worldwide, as of November 13th, 2020. Patients diagnosed with COVID-19 present with symptoms ranging from none to severe and include fever, shortness of breath, dry cough, anosmia, and gastrointestinal abnormalities. Severe complications are largely due to overdrive of the host immune system leading to "cytokine storm". This results in disseminated intravascular coagulation, acute respiratory distress syndrome, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, and death. Due to its highly infectious nature and concerning mortality rate, every effort has been focused on prevention and creating new medications or repurposing old treatment options to ameliorate the suffering of COVID-19 patients including the immune dysregulation. Omega-3 fatty acids are known to be incorporated throughout the body into the bi-phospholipid layer of the cell membrane leading to the production of less pro-inflammatory mediators compared to other fatty acids that are more prevalent in the Western diet. In this article, the benefits of omega-3 fatty acids, especially eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, including their anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating, and possible antiviral effects have been discussed.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in atrial fibrillation prevention after surgical myocardial revascularization; Aim. To estimate an efficacy of therapy with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD) before and after coronary artery bypass graft (CABG).
Synbiotic <i>Bacillus megaterium</i> DSM 32963 and n-3 PUFA Salt Composition Elevates Pro-Resolving Lipid Mediator Levels in Healthy Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Study; Beneficial health effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are partly attributed to specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), which promote inflammation resolution. Strategies to improve n-3 PUFA conversion to SPMs may, therefore, be useful to treat or prevent chronic inflammatory disorders. Here, we explored a synbiotic strategy to increase circulating SPM precursor levels. Healthy participants (n = 72) received either Syn ohm 3 (250 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) lysine salts; two billion CFU Bacillus megaterium; n = 23), placebo (n = 24), or fish oil (300 mg EPA plus DHA; N = 25) capsules daily for 28 days in a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled parallel 3-group design. Biomarkers were assessed at baseline and after 2 and 28 days of intervention. The primary analysis involved the comparison between Syn Omega 3 and placebo. In addition, Syn Omega 3 was compared to fish oil. The synbiotic Syn ohm 3 comprising Bacillus megaterium DSM 32963 and n-3 PUFA salts significantly increased circulating SPM precursor levels, including 18-hydroxy-eicosapentaenoic acid (18-HEPE) plus 5-HEPE, which was not achieved to this extent by fish oil with a similar n-3 PUFA content. Omega-3 indices were increased slightly by both Syn ohm 3 and fish oil. These findings suggest reconsidering conventional n-3 PUFA supplementation and testing the effectiveness of Syn Omega 3 particularly in conditions related to inflammation.
Roles of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Managing Cognitive Impairment in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Review; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) contributes significantly to the death of people worldwide, especially the elderly. An essential feature of COPD is pulmonary inflammation, which results from long-term exposure to noxious substances from cigarette smoking and other environmental pollutants. Pulmonary inflammatory mediators spill over to the blood, leading to systemic inflammation, which is believed to play a significant role in the onset of a host of comorbidities associated with COPD. A substantial comorbidity of concern in COPD patients that is often overlooked in COPD management is cognitive impairment. The exact pathophysiology of cognitive impairment in COPD patients remains a mystery; however, hypoxia, oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and cerebral manifestations of these conditions are believed to play crucial roles. Furthermore, the use of medications to treat cognitive impairment symptomatology in COPD patients has been reported to be associated with life-threatening adverse effects, hence the need for alternative medications with reduced side effects. In this Review, we aim to discuss the impact of cognitive impairment in COPD management and the potential mechanisms associated with increased risk of cognitive impairment in COPD patients. The promising roles of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in improving cognitive deficits in COPD patients are also discussed. Interestingly, omega-3 PUFAs can potentially enhance the cognitive impairment symptomatology associated with COPD because they can modulate inflammatory processes, activate the antioxidant defence system, and promote amyloid-beta clearance from the brain. Thus, clinical studies are crucial to assess the efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs in managing cognitive impairment in COPD patients.
Fish-Derived Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Prostate Cancer: A Systematic Review; Background. The use of natural health products in prostate cancer (PrCa) is high despite a lack of evidence with respect to safety and efficacy. Fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids possess anti-inflammatory effects and preclinical data suggest a protective effect on PrCa incidence and progression; however, human studies have yielded conflicting results. Methods. A search of OVID MEDLINE, Pre-MEDLINE, Embase, and the Allied and Complementary Medicine Database (AMED) was completed for human interventional or observational data assessing the safety and efficacy of fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids in the incidence and progression of PrCa. Results. Of 1776 citations screened, 54 publications reporting on 44 studies were included for review and analysis: 4 reports of 3 randomized controlled trials, 1 nonrandomized clinical trial, 20 reports of 14 cohort studies, 26 reports of 23 case-control studies, and 3 case-cohort studies. The interventional studies using fish oil supplements in patients with PrCa showed no impact on prostate-specific antigen levels; however, 2 studies showed a decrease in inflammatory or other cancer markers. A small number of mild adverse events were reported and interactions with other interventions were not assessed. Cohort and case-control studies assessing the relationship between dietary fish intake and the risk of PrCa were equivocal. Cohort studies assessing the risk of PrCa mortality suggested an association between higher intake of fish and decreased risk of prostate cancer-related death. Conclusions. Current evidence is insufficient to suggest a relationship between fish-derived omega-3 fatty acid and risk of PrCa. An association between higher omega-3 intake and decreased PrCa mortality may be present but more research is needed. More intervention trials or observational studies with precisely measured exposure are needed to assess the impact of fish oil supplements and dietary fish-derived omega-3 fatty acid intake on safety, PrCa incidence, treatment, and progression.
Cardiovascular disease risk factors and n-3 fatty acid status in the adult population of James Bay Cree; Background: Canadian native populations, which traditionally consume large amounts of fish, have lower rates of mortality from heart disease than do Canadian nonnative populations, which have low fish intakes. Fish oils rich in n-3 fatty acids may have a protective effect against cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors.
Omega 3 fatty acids effect on the vascular calcification biomarkers fetuin A and osteoprotegerin in hemodialysis patients; Chronic renal failure patients on dialysis are at a high risk of death due to vascular calcification. This study aimed at investigating the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the vascular calcification biomarkers fetuin-A and osteoprotegerin (OPG) in patients with chronic renal failure who are undergoing hemodialysis. This prospective, open-label, controlled, parallel study included 60 hemodialysis patients who were randomized to receive either omega-3 fatty acids capsule along with their standard care of treatment (omega-3 group) or their standard care of treatment only (control group). Serum levels of fetuin-A, OPG, calcium, phosphorus, hemoglobin, parathyroid hormone, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), albumin, serum creatinine (SCr), and serum triglycerides (TG) were measured at baseline and after six months of intervention and follow-up of both groups. Significantly increased levels of fetuin-A and OPG (p < 0.001) were observed in the omega-3 group six months after the intervention compared with the control group. Levels of TG, albumin, SCr, BUN, phosphorous, calcium, hemoglobin, and parathyroid hormone were not significantly different in the omega-3 group compared with the control group after six months of intervention. Our study concluded that omega-3 may have a clinically beneficial effect in decreasing cardiovascular events by increasing the levels of the protective vascular calcification inhibitors fetuin-A and osteoprotegerin in chronic renal failure patients who are undergoing hemodialysis.
Fatigue, Inflammation, and ω-3 and ω-6 Fatty Acid Intake Among Breast Cancer Survivors; Purpose
Therapeutic potential of omega-3 fatty acid-derived epoxyeicosanoids in cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases; Numerous benefits have been attributed to dietary long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs), including protection against cardiac arrhythmia, triglyceride-lowering, amelioration of inflammatory, and neurodegenerative disorders. This review covers recent findings indicating that a variety of these beneficial effects are mediated by "omega-3 epoxyeicosanoids", a class of novel n-3 LC-PUFA-derived lipid mediators, which are generated via the cytochrome P450 (CYP) epoxygenase pathway. CYP enzymes, previously identified as arachidonic acid (20:4n-6; AA) epoxygenases, accept eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3; DHA), the major fish oil n-3 LC-PUFAs, as efficient alternative substrates. In humans and rodents, dietary EPA/DHA supplementation causes a profound shift of the endogenous CYP-eicosanoid profile from AA-to EPA-and DHA-derived metabolites, increasing, in particular, the plasma and tissue levels of 17,18-epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid (17,18-EEQ) and 19,20-epoxydocosapentaenoic acid (19,20 -EDP). Based on pre clinical studies, these omega-3 epoxyeicosanoids display cardioprotective, vasodilatory, anti-inflammatory, and anti-allergic properties that contribute to the beneficial effects of n-3 LC-PUFAs in diverse disease conditions ranging from cardiac disease, bronchial disorders, and intraocular neovascularization, to allergic intestinal inflammation and inflammatory pain. Increasing evidence also suggests that background nutrition as well as genetic and disease state-related factors could limit the response to EPA/DHA-supplementation by reducing the formation and/or enhancing the degradation of omega-3 epoxyeicosanoids. Recently, metabolically robust synthetic analogs mimicking the biological activities of 17,18-EEQ have been developed. These drug candidates may overcome limitations of dietary EPA/DHA supplementation and provide novel options for the treatment of cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases.
Enriched Endogenous Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Protect Cortical Neurons from Experimental Ischemic Injury; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert therapeutic potential in a variety of neurological disorders, including ischemic stroke. However, the underlying mechanisms still lack investigation. Here, we report that cultured cortical neurons isolated from fat-1 mice with high endogenous n-3 PUFAs were tolerant to oxygen-glucose deprivation/reperfusion (OGD/R) injury. Fat-1 neurons exhibited significantly attenuated reactive oxygen species (ROS) activation induced by OGD/R injury, upregulated antiapoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL, and reduced cleaved caspase-3. Exogenous administration of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a major component of the n-3 PUFA family, resulted in similar protective effects on cultured cortex neurons. We further verified the protective effects of n-3 PUFAs in vivo, using a mini ischemic model with a reproducible cortical infarct and manifest function deficits by occlusion of the distal branch of the middle cerebral artery with focused femtosecond laser pulses. The Fat-1 animals showed decreased ROS expression and higher level of glutathione in the injured brain, associated with improved functional recovery. We therefore provide evidence that n-3 PUFAs exert their protective effects against ischemic injury both in vitro and in vivo, partly through inhibiting ROS activation.
Are total omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids predictors of fatal stroke in the Adventist Health Study 2 prospective cohort?; Introduction
N-3 fatty acids and the risk of sudden cardiac death; Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is a major cause of mortality in Western countries. Furthermore, SCD is often the first manifestation of coronary artery disease, making it difficult to prevent. Heart rate variability (HRV), which can be determined by extended recording of the heart rate by 24-h Holter monitoring, has been shown to be one of the best predictors of the risk of SCD. There is increasing evidence from animal experiments and clinical trials in humans that n-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of SCD. We have studied the effect of n-3 fatty acids on HRV and present data clearly showing that n-3 fatty acids increase HRV. This adds further to the hypothesis that an increased intake of n-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of SCD.
Effects of combined therapy with atorvastatin and polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids on lipid profile, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and thromboxane; Aim. To study the effects of the combined therapy with atorvastatin and polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) on lipid profile, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA (2)), and thromboxane B2.
Effect of Omega-3 fatty acids on blood pressure and serum lipids in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients; Objective: Hypertension and hyperlipidemia are two major risk factors for cardiovascular disease in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) patients. This study was designed to investigate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on blood pressure (BP) and serum lipids in CAPD patients.
Relation of omega-3 fatty acid and C-reactive protein to peripheral artery disease in patients with coronary artery disease; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a member of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid family, prevents cardiovascular disease. C-reactive protein (CRP) is a marker of inflammation, which promotes atherosclerosis. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship among EPA, CRP, and the prevalence of peripheral artery disease (PAD), which is a manifestation of systemic atherosclerosis. A cross-sectional study was performed on 238 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Blood EPA and CRP levels and ankle-brachial pressure indices were measured. Cut-off values for plasma EPA levels and serum CRP levels were determined using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. Patients with ABIs a parts per thousand currency sign0.9 were defined as having PAD. EPA levels were significantly lower and CRP levels were significantly higher in patients with PAD than in those without [48 (26-77) vs. 58 (41-83) mu g/ml, p = 0.026 and 3.3 (0.64-14.0) vs. 0.70 (0.32, 2.4) mg/l, p = 0.004]. Multivariate analysis for PAD revealed that high CRP levels and low EPA levels were significant and independent predictors of PAD [odds ratio 3.1 (95 % CI 1.4-6.9), p = 0.006 and odds ratio 4.9 (95 % CI 1.5-9.7), p = 0.004]. Furthermore, to predict PAD, adding high CRP levels and low EPA levels to the established risk factors significantly improved the area under the ROC curves, from 0.66 to 0.78, of the PAD prediction model (p = 0.004). A significant relationship among EPA, CRP, and PAD was confirmed in patients with CAD.
Effects of Dietary Addition of<i> Perilla</i><i> frutescens</i> Seeds on the Content of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Egg Yolk of<i> Gallus</i><i> domesticus</i>; To study the effect of Perilla frutescens (Perilla) seeds on the polyunsaturated fatty acid in egg yolk. Three groups, each of 40 healthy Gallus domesticuss 26 weeks old, were fed 6, 10 and 15% of perilla seeds in addition to daily basic ration.. The control group (CK) of 40 birds was fed basic daily ration. The polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) content and the ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFA in yolk were determined by gas chromatography with 24 eggs randomly selected from each group on the 10th, 25th and 40th day after start of the treatment. The results showed that on 10th, 25th and 40th day, the contents of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, C18:3n3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n3) were significantly increased in yolk of 6% and 15% seed group (P < 0.05). On 25th day, the contents of gamma-linolenic acid (C18:3n6) in yolk of 10% and 15% seed groups were much lower than those of the CK (P < 0.05) and the contents of arachidonic acid (C20:4n6) in yolk of 6% and 10% were much lower than those of the CK (P < 0.05). The ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFA in yolk of all experimental groups were significantly lower than that of the CK (P < 0.05). This study provides theoretical basis for the scientific production of functional eggs rich in DHA and ALA.
Biochemical Effects of Consumption of Eggs Containing Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Today, eggs with an increased content omega-3 fatty acids are available but there are few publications on the effects of consumption of such eggs on the lipoproteins and acute phase markers in humans. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of consumption of standard eggs and omega-3 enriched eggs on lipoproteins, glucose and inflammation markers. Nineteen healthy volunteers consumed one extra egg per day of either standard eggs or omega-3 enriched eggs in a double-blind, cross-over study. The duration of each period was 1 month. The effects of the different egg diets on apolipoprotein A1 and B (Apo A1 and B), lipoprotein (a), creatinine, cystatin C, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid protein A, interleukin 6, triglycerides, glucose, total-, high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were analyzed. Addition of one regular egg per day to the normal diet had no negative impact on blood lipids or inflammation markers. Consumption of omega-3 enriched eggs resulted in higher levels of ApoA1, lower ApoB/ApoA1 ratio and lower plasma glucose. These effects have been associated in previous studies with a reduced risk for cardiovascular mortality and diabetes.
Assessing the Efficacy of Omega-3 Fatty Acids plus Statins vs. Statins Only on Cardiovascular Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of 40,991 Patients; Background: Clinical guidelines recommend statin use in patients with a vast array of cardiovascular disturbances. However, there is insufficient evidence regarding the concomitant use of omega-3 fatty acids in addition to statins. This meta-analysis aims to uncover the complete effects of this combination therapy on cardiovascular outcomes, lipid biomarkers, inflammatory markers, and plaque markers.Methods: A detailed literature search was conducted using PubMed, Cochrane, and MEDLINE databases, and all the relevant studies found up to September 2023 were included. The primary outcomes assessed in this meta-analysis was 1) Composite of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction, 2) Composite of fatal and non-fatal stroke, 3) Coronary revascularization, 4) Death due to cardiovascular causes, 5) MACE (Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events), 6) Unstable angina, 7) Hospitalization due to unstable angina, 8) and lipid volume index. Secondary outcomes included lipid markers, hsCRP, EPA levels, and EPA/AA ratio.Results: 14 RCTs were included, featuring a total of 40,991 patients. Patients receiving the omega3 + statin regimen were associated with a statistically significant decrease in the incidence of MI, MACE, unstable angina, hospitalization due to unstable angina, Total cholesterol levels, triglycerides, hsCRP, and lipid volume index in comparison to their counterparts receiving placebo + statin (P < 0.05). In contrast, our analysis found no statistically significant difference in the incidence of fatal and non-fatal stroke, coronary revascularization, and cardiovascular mortality.Conclusion: Our research reinforces that all patients, regardless of their cardiovascular health, may benefit from adding omega-3 fatty acids to their statin therapy.
Effect of <i>Echium</i> oil compared with marine oils on lipid profile and inhibition of hepatic steatosis in LDLr knockout mice; Background: In an effort to identify new alternatives for long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) supplementation, the effect of three sources of omega 3 fatty acids (algae, fish and Echium oils) on lipid profile and inflammation biomarkers was evaluated in LDL receptor knockout mice.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation, monocyte adhesion molecule expression and proinflammatory mediators in Type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims To examine the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements on the monocyte surface expression of adhesion molecules involved in pro-atherogenic monocyte-endothelial interactions, and on pro-inflammatory mediators in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Benefits of omega 3 ingestion and the prevention of chronicles degenerative diseases; Objectives: Evaluate the benefits of the Omega 3 ingestion in the prevention of chronicle-degenerative diseases thru a systematic review. Casuistry and Methods: A systematic review was conducted with basis in studies that address the benefits of the Omega 3 in chronicle-degenerative diseases. Were used 33 articles from the last 21 years. Were collected 10 scientific articles from field, among them national and international, that was published from 1991 to 2009 and were found in the Journal of Lipid Research, Cardiovascular Research, The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, The Journal of Nutrition, Jornal de Pediatria, Revista Brasileira de Nutricao Clinica. Results: The research has shown it was obtained a significant protective effect over cardiovascular disease, because it decreases the blood pressure, hepatic production of triglycerides, cholesterol, reduce of arrhythmias, platelet aggregation and inflammatory responses. Conclusion : The consumption of w-3 above 1g daily (EPA + DHA) and greater consumption of fat or dark fish has importance in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases and chronic degenerative diseases.
Effects of Diets High in Walnuts and Flax Oil on Hemodynamic Responses to Stress and Vascular Endothelial Function; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk, although the mechanisms are incompletely understood. In a previous article, we showed significant reductions in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and several markers of inflammation with increasing intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) from walnuts and flax.
Associations of Plasma Omega-3 Fatty Acids With Progression and Survival in Pulmonary Fibrosis; BACKGROUND: Preclinical experiments suggest protective effects of omega-3 fatty acids and their metabolites in lung injury and fibrosis. Whether higher intake of omega-3 fatty acids is associated with disease progression and survival in humans with pulmonary fibrosis is unknown. RESEARCH QUESTION: What are the associations of plasma omega-3 fatty acid levels (a validated marker of omega-3 nutritional intake) with disease progression and transplantfree survival in pulmonary fibrosis? STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Omega-3 fatty acid levels were measured from plasma samples of patients with clinically diagnosed pulmonary fibrosis from the Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation Patient Registry (n = 150), University of Virginia (n = 58), and University of Chicago (n = 101) cohorts. The N-3 index (docosahexaenoic acid & thorn; eicosapentaenoic acid) was the primary exposure variable of interest. Linear-mixed effects models with random intercept and slope were used to examine associations of plasma omega-3 fatty acid levels with changes in FVC and diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide over a period of 12 months. Cox proportional hazards models were used to examine transplant-free survival. Stratified analyses by telomere length were performed in the University of Chicago cohort. RESULTS: Most of the cohort were patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (88%) and male patients (74%). One-unit increment in log-transformed N-3 index plasma level was associated with a change in diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide of 1.43 mL/min/mm Hg per 12 months (95% CI, 0.46-2.41) and a hazard ratio for transplant-free survival of 0.44 (95% CI, 0.24-0.83). Cardiovascular disease history, smoking, and antifibrotic usage did not significantly modify associations. Omega-3 fatty acid levels were not significantly associated with changes in FVC. Higher eicosapentaenoic acid plasma levels were associated with longer transplant-free survival among University of Chicago participants with shorter telomere INTERPRETATION: Further research is needed to investigate underlying biological mechanisms and whether omega-3 fatty acids are a potential disease-modifying therapy.
The effect of Omega-3 fatty acid and ascorbic acid on healing of ischemic colon anastomoses; The effect of Omega-3 fatty acid and ascorbic acid on healing of ischemic colon anastomoses
The effect of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary atherosclerosis quanti fi ed by coronary computed tomography angiography; Background & aims: Data on the effects omega-3 fatty acids on coronary artery disease (CAD) are con-tradictory. While a recent metanalysis could not show improved cardiovascular outcomes, anti-atherogenic mechanisms are well known.
Omega-3 index of erythrocytes and predictors of sudden cardiac death in patients with coronary heart disease and ventricular arrhythmias; Aim. To assess the association between omega-3 index of erythrocytes and demographic, electrophysiological, and echocardiographic (EchoGG) predictors of sudden cardiac death (SCD) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) and ventricular arrhythmias (VA).
Prevention of Cardiovascular Events with Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Mechanism Involved; An epidemiological study of Greenlandic Inuit suggested that fish oil, or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), was important in preventing atherosclerotic disease. After this landmark study, many large-scale epidemiological studies and meta-analyses have examined the health benefits of omega-3 PUFA as part of a fatty acid-rich diet to demonstrate its beneficial roles in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Recent research has also focused attention on the anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 PUFA and on specialized pro-resolving mediatom. Findings of these studies have led to the development of omega-3 PUFA preparations for the treatment of dyslipidemia, including a highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-ethyl ester product (Epadel (R)) in Japan and an EPA/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) preparation (Lotrig (R)) in the United States and Europe. Although various large-scale clinical trials on the cardiovascular preventive effect of omega-3 PUFA were conducted and reported, the results were not always consistent. The issues of not targeting subjects with hypertriglyceridemia and using low dose of omega-3 PUFA have been suggested to contribute to the failure of demonstrating the preventive effect of omega-3 PUFA in these clinical trials. Taking into account the above issues, the REDUCE-IT trial evaluated a highly purified EPA preparation at a high dose of 4 g/day in patients with hypertriglyceridemia and high cardiovascular risk, and demonstrated an extraordinary outcome of 25% relative reduction in cardiovascular events. This article reviews studies on omega-3 fatty acids during the last 50 years, including the progress in elucidating molecular mechanisms and recent large-scale clinical studies.
Omega-3 fatty Acids in cardiovascular disease - An uphill battle; In cardiology, results of recent large intervention trials with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplements were neutral. In contrast, in epidemiologic studies, an inverse relation between clinical events and intake of EPA+DHA was found which was steeper for higher levels of EPA+DHA. A standardized way of determining levels is the Omega-3 Index, which is the percentage of EPA+DHA of a total of 26 fatty acids measured in erythrocytes. According to current criteria, a low Omega-3 Index is a cardiovascular risk factor.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Flow-mediated Dilatation and Carotid Intima Media Thickness: A Meta-analysis; Purpose of ReviewTo investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and explore the factors influencing these effects.Recent FindingsFMD was significantly higher in the omega-3 fatty acid group compared to the control group (mean difference = 0.90%; p = 0.0003). In particular, the subgroup with CHD (both EPA + DHA < 1 g/day and & GE; 1 g/day) and the subgroup without CHD but with CHD risk factors (only EPA + DHA & GE; 1 g/day) showed significantly increased FMD after supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids. CIMT was not significantly different between the omega-3 fatty acid and control groups (standardized mean difference = -0.08; p = 0.26). Subgroup analysis of CHD patients was not conducted because of the limited number of studies.Intake of omega-3 fatty acids improved FMD in patients with CHD and patients with risk factors for CHD. Further research is needed on the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on CIMT.
Fat-1 transgenic cattle as a model to study the function of ω-3 fatty acids; omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to play an important role in health. Enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids modulate expression of a number of genes with such broad functions as cell proliferation, growth and apoptosis and cell signaling and transduction, these effects, seem to regulate coronary artery disease, hypertension, atherosclerosis, psychiatric disorders and various cancer. In this context, fat-1 transgenic cattle was designed to convert omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids could form an ideal model to study the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the above functions. This study focuses on the total genomic difference of gene expression between fat-1 transgenic cattle and wild-type using cDNA microarrays, several genes were found to be overexpressed or suppressed in transgenic cattle relative to wild-type, these discrepancy genes related with lipid metabolism, immunity, inflammation nervous development and fertility.
Long-term effect of dietary α-linolenic acid or decosahexaenoic acid on incorporation of decosahexaenoic acid in membranes and its influence on rat heart in vivo; The present study was designed to evaluate whether long-term intake of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), supplied as whole grain-extruded linseed, can increase endogenous production of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (FAs) in healthy adult rats and influence the heart rate (HR) and adrenergic response in the same way as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-rich diets. DHA enrichment was evaluated using FA analysis of tissue phospholipids after 8, 16, 24, and 32 wk of feeding in male Wistar rats randomly assigned to three dietary groups (n = 8 in each group): a reference fat diet (RFD), an ALA- rich (ALA) diet, and a DHA- rich (DHA) diet. At 1 wk before the animals were killed, under anesthesia, HR was measured from ECG recordings during an adrenergic stimulation challenge (n = 8). There was a significant increase of DHA in the cardiac membrane in the ALA group compared with the RFD group. DHA content in the cardiac membrane was similar to 10% in the ALA group vs. 20% in the DHA group and 4% in the RFD group. The cardiac FA profile was established after 2 mo and remained essentially unchanged thereafter. Regardless of the diet, DHA in the heart decreased with age. Nevertheless, DHA content in the heart remained at > 15% in the DHA group and remained greater in older rats fed the ALA diet than in younger RFD- fed rats. Basal HR decreased in the ALA group (395 +/- 24.9 beats/min) to a level between that of the DHA and RFD groups (375 +/- 26.4 and 407 +/- 36.7 beats/min, respectively). Both n-3 dietary intakes contribute to enhancement of the chronotropic response to adrenergic agonist stimulation. Regulation of HR by neurohumoral mediators may be controlled by lower content of DHA, e. g., by a dietary supply of extruded linseed (ALA).
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as an <i>angelus custos</i> to rescue patients from NSAID-induced gastroduodenal damage; Nonsteroidal anti-inflammat ory drugs (NSAIDs) are one of the drug types frequently prescribed for their analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antithrombotic actions, but carry a risk of major gastroduodenal damage from mild erosive changes to serious ulceration leading to fatal outcomes. From the long history of willow tree bark and its extracts being applied for the relief of pain and fever, the synthesis of acetylsalicylic acid, the development of selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors (coxibs), and the identification of a G-protein-coupled receptor for prostaglandin, the popular combination regimen of an NSAID and a proton pump inhibitor was invented, but development was continued for further improvement. With regard to major NSAID adverse effects, gastrointestinal (GI) and cardiovascular (CV) risks still remained as problems to be solved. In this review, it is shown that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) based NSAIDs can be an angelus custos, supported with facts that an intake of essential n-3 PUFAs orchestrates concerted protective actions against two notorious side effects of NSAIDs, the aforementioned GI risk and CV risk of NSAIDs. Since pills containing n-3 PUFAs, omega-3-acid ethyl ester capsules (Lovaza, Omarcor), have already been safely prescribed to prevent atherosclerosis through lessening lipid burdening, the introduction of a drug delivery system such as a gastroretentive form of n-3 PUFA based NSAIDs will highlight newer hope for GI safety under the guarantee of reduced CV risk. Because n-3 PUFAs have been proven to attenuate cytotoxicity, inhibit lipid-raft-associated harmful signaling, and relieve oxidative stress relevant to NSAIDs, n-3 PUFA based NSAIDs will be next-generation GI-safe NSAIDs.
Pericardial delivery of omega-3 fatty acid: a novel approach to reducing myocardial infarct sizes and arrhythmias; Basic and clinical evidence suggests that omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) decrease fatal arrhythmias and infarct sizes. This study investigated if pericardial delivery of n-3 PUFAs would protect the myocardium from ischemic damages and arrhythmias. Acute myocardial infarctions were induced in 23 pigs with either 45 min balloon inflations or clamp occlusions of the left anterior descending coronary arteries and 180 min reperfusion. Docosahexaenoic acid (C22: 6n-3, DHA, 45 mg), one of the main n-3 PUFAs in fish oil, was infused within the pericardial space only during the 40-min stabilizing phase, 45 min ischemia and initial 5 min reperfusion. Hemodynamics and cardiac functions were very similar between the DHA-treated and control groups. However, DHA therapy significantly reduced infarct sizes from 56.8 +/- 4.9% for controls (n = 12) to 28.8 +/- 7.9% (P < 0.01) for DHA-treated animals (n = 11). Compared with controls, DHA-treated animals significantly decreased heart rates and reduced ventricular arrhythmia scores during ischemia. Furthermore, three (25%) control animals experienced eight episodes of ventricular fibrillation (VF), and two died subsequent to unsuccessful defibrillation. In contrast, only 1 (9%) of 11 DHA-treated pigs elicited one episode of VF that was successfully converted via defibrillation to normal rhythm; thus, mortality was reduced from 17% in the controls to 0% in the DHA-treated animals. These data demonstrate that pericardial infusion of n-3 PUFA DHA can significantly reduce both malignant arrhythmias and infarct sizes in a porcine infarct model. Pericardial administration of n-3 PUFAs could represent a novel approach to treating or preventing myocardial infarctions.
Effect of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Predictors of Sudden Cardiac Death in Patients With Ischemic Heart Disease and Ventricular Rhythm Disturbances; Objective. To assess the dynamics of non-invasive electrophysiologic (ventricular arrhythmias, HRV, HRT, mTWA) and humoral (red blood cells omega-3 index) SCD predictors at the background of therapy with omega-3 PUFA in patients with iscemic heart disease and ventricular arrhythmias. Materials and Methods. The study included 80 patients. Inclusion criteria were: documented IHD (history of myocardial infarction, stable angina, previous surgical intervention on coronary arteries (coronary artery bypass grafting [CABG], percutaneous coronary intervention [PCI]), positive stress tests, signs of IHD in coronary angiography or computer tomography of coronary arteries; ventricular arrhythmias, according to registered Hotter monitoring (PVCs in the number of 250 or more per day and/or intermittent ventricular tachycardia paroxysms); continuous antiarrhytmic therapy for at least 1 month before inclusion (omega-blockers and/or amiodarone), 4) informed consent to participate in the study. Results. All criteria for a good anti-arrhythmic effect (reducing the number of PVCs by 75% and more, paired PVCs by 90% or more, the complete elimination of unstable ventricular tachycardia paroxysms) after 3 months of therapy were observed in 16% of patients, and 6 months after - in 46%. A small but significant increase in the number of PVCs, paired PVCs and ventricular tachycardia paroxysms was noted in the control group. As a result, after 6 months of observation the mean SDNN in patients taking omega-3 PUFA, significantly exceeded the value of the one in the control group. Six months after, the mean value of TO was significantly lower and the mean value of TS - higher than in the control group. After 6 months of therapy with omega-3 PUFA it a significant increase of red blood cells omega-3 index was show by increasing the value of both EPA (an average of 78%) and DHA (an average of 42%). Conclusion. 6 months supplementation with 1 g/day omega-3 PUFA for 6 months in patients with IHD improves the effect of standard antiarrhythmic therapy, reducing the number of isolated and paired PVCs, the number of unstable ventricular tachycardia paroxysms, improves HRT, HRV, increases red blood cells omega-3 index. The long-term (more than 3 months) omega-3 PUFA supplementation must consider be taken into in mTWA assessment to avoid false-positive findings in the SCD risk stratification.
Effects of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Coronary Atherosclerosis and Inflammation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background and Purpose: Multiple guidelines suggest the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) help to prevent major vascular events of coronary heart disease (CHD), but the data on large trials of omega-3 fatty acids are controversial. We reviewed the available evidence to determine the effect of omega-3 PUFAs on coronary atherosclerosis. Materials and Methods: Literature were from online databases. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or observational studies were acceptable. Quantitative data synthesis was conducted using R version 4.1.2. Each outcome was calculated using standardized mean difference (SMD) in a random-effect model. Sensitivity analysis was conducted for each outcome. A total of 21 RCTs and 1 observational study with 2,277 participants were included. Results: Meta-analysis indicated a benefit of omega-3 PUFAs on coronary atherosclerosis, namely, (1) omega-3 PUFAs can reduce the atherosclerotic plaque volume (SMD -0.18; 95% CI -0.31 to -0.05); (2) omega-3 PUFAs can help reduce the loss of the diameter of the narrowest segments of coronary arteries in patients with CHD (SMD 0.29; 95% CI, 0.05-0.53); (3) omega-3 PUFAs do not have significant effect on volume of lipid plaque in coronary arteries (SMD -1.18; 95% CI -2.95 to 0.58), volume of fiber plaque (SMD 0.26; 95% CI -0.81 to 1.33), and calcified plaque (SMD 0.17; 95% CI -0.55 to 0.89); and (4) omega-3 PUFAs had no significant effect on endothelial inflammatory factors in peripheral blood. Conclusions: We confirmed that omega-3 PUFAs benefit patients with CHD by reducing the progression of coronary atherosclerosis. We indicated that the benefits were not caused by reducing endothelial inflammations of coronary arteries.
Omega-3 fatty acids as adjuvant therapy in the adverse effects of antineoplastic treatment for breast cancer: a systematic review; PurposeMetabolic changes in cancer, coupled with treatment, can have deleterious effects and impair recovery. However, studies have shown promising results with the supplementation of polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 in chemotherapy patients. Therefore, a systematic review of the literature was conducted to explore the potential benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation in reducing the side effects of breast cancer treatment in women.MethodsA search was performed for randomized clinical trials in PubMed, Lilacs, Scopus, SciELO, Web of Science, Clinical Trials, and Google Scholar. The paper was developed following the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) and registered in the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO) under the number (CRD42023403833).ResultsOut of 1215 publications, five studies were selected to evaluate 463 women undergoing chemotherapy treatment for breast cancer who were supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids in varying doses for up to six months. The studies assessed various outcomes, including quality of life, lipid profile, and inflammatory biomarkers. Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation was found to be beneficial in reducing symptoms that impact the quality of life, such as peripheral neuropathy and xerostomia. However, no significant differences were observed in other toxicities caused by chemotherapy.ConclusionSupplementation with EPA and DHA has shown promising benefits for women undergoing breast cancer treatment with chemotherapy. However, further research is necessary to evaluate the effectiveness of using omega-3 in conjunction with other therapies and to more accurately assess the impact on patients' quality of life.
Dietary Stearidonic Acid Is a Long Chain (n-3) Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid with Potential Health Benefits; The therapeutic and health-promoting effects of (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) from fish are well known, although these same benefits may not be shared by their precursor, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). World-wide agencies and scientific organizations (i.e. FDA, AHA, International Society for the Study of Fatty Acids and Lipids, Institute of Medicine, WHO, etc.) have made similar dietary recommendations for (n-3) LCPUFA; however, due to concerns regarding the safety of consuming fish, alternative sources of (n-3) LCPUFA are being investigated. One such lipid is stearidonic acid (SDA), a naturally occurring (n-3) PUFA that may have similar biological properties to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a major (n-3) PUFA in fish oil. Existing and novel plant sources rich in SDA are being cultivated and promoted as potential alternatives to marine-based (n-3) PUFA. This critical review provides a direct comparison of SDA with other dietary (n-3) PUFA under similar experimental conditions. The comparative results suggest that SDA shares many of the biological effects of (n-3) LCPUFA and functions most similarly to dietary EPA compared with ALA when consumed in a typical Western diet. Therefore, although SDA may not replace fish as a major dietary source of (n-3) LCPUFA, it could become a prominent surrogate for EPA in the commercial development of foods fortified with (n-3) PUFA. J. Nutr. 139: 5-10, 2009.
New Approaches to Therapy with Omega-3 Fatty Acids; With greater focus on chronic disease prevention, renewed attention has been directed toward understanding the pathophysiology of various medical conditions and the development of newer medical treatments to prevent and treat complications. There has been immense interest in evaluating societal lifestyles, cultural attitudes toward health, and dietary influences on health conditions. The omega-3 fatty acids have become a focus of interest, and recent research and trial evidence have highlighted their effects, including potential clinical advantages. Despite this progress, the precise mechanisms through which omega-3 fatty acids act remain poorly understood. These agents are now recommended as secondary prevention after acute myocardial infarction, and ongoing large clinical trials should provide insight into the use of omega-3 fatty acids in heart failure and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Effects of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Treatment on Postdischarge Outcomes After Acute Myocardial Infarction; Clinical trials studying the efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in reducing adverse events after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) have yielded conflicting results, and data regarding the influence of n-3 PUFA treatment after AMI in routine clinical practice are scarce. We conducted a retrospective observational cohort study including patients from 5 Italian Local Health Units who were discharged from the hospital with a primary diagnosis of AMI from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2011. Using unique patient identifiers, patients were linked across governmental hospital discharge, medication prescription, and mortality databases and followed for 12-months post-index discharge. Patient characteristics and risk of all-cause mortality and repeat AMI were compared by n-3 PUFA prescription after discharge (for outcome analyses, defined as prescriptions) at a presumed dose of 1 g/day. Overall, 11,269 patients met inclusion criteria, of which 2,425 patients (21.5%) were prescribed n-3 PUFA during follow-up. Patients treated with n-3 PUFA tended to be younger, men, and carry a diagnosis of diabetes and were more likely to be receiving guideline-recommended post-AMI medical therapy, including beta blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin II receptor blockers, statins, and antiplatelet therapy (all p <0.001). After adjusting for patient characteristics and concurrent therapies, n-3 PUFA treatment was associated with reduced all-cause mortality. (hazard ratio 0.76, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.97) and recurrent AMI (hazard ratio 0.65, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.87) through 12-month follow-up. In conclusion, in this large, contemporary, observational study of "real -world" Italian patients hospitalized for AMI, the use of n-3 PUFA was independently associated with a robust reduction in all cause mortality and recurrent AMI. These data support further randomized controlled trials with n-3 PUFA therapy in the post-AMI setting. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Review of Clinical Practice Guidelines for the Management of Hypertriglyceridemia: A Focus on High Dose Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Cardiovascular (CV) disease remains the leading cause of preventable death in the US. Hyperlipidemia is a major modifiable risk factor for CV disease, and after numerous clinical trials have demonstrated that reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol with statin therapy can prevent major adverse CV events, statins have emerged as the drug of choice to lower LDL cholesterol and reduce CV risk. However, some statin-treated patients remain at high residual risk of CV events despite achieving low LDL cholesterol levels, especially if their triglyceride (TG) levels are elevated or their high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels low. Evidence from genetic and observational studies has linked elevated TG levels to an increased risk of CV events. Furthermore, very high TG levels are associated with acute pancreatitis. Consequently, several clinical practice guidelines provide recommendations for the management and treatment of high and very high TG levels. This review focuses on the clinical practice guidelines for the management of hypertriglyceridemia and the role of prescription omega-3 fatty acids in preventing pancreatitis and CV disease in individuals with high and very high TG levels.
Dose-response effects of omega-3 on platelet aggregation: an observational study; Objective This study aimed to evaluate the dose-response effects of supplemental omega-3 fatty acids on platelet function in healthy volunteers. Methods Twelve healthy volunteers ingested a normal supplemental dose of 1260 mg omega-3 fatty acids daily for 5 days, followed by a high dose of 2520 mg daily for another 5 days. Multiple electrode aggregometry (MEA) with four different agonists was used to measure platelet aggregation before and after the normal- and high-dose regimes. In vitro spiking using physiological doses of omega-3 fatty acids was also performed to determine whether MEA is capable of detecting a platelet-inhibiting effect due to omega-3 fatty acids. Results There were no differences in platelet aggregation measured by the MEA assay in healthy volunteers after intake of either the normal or high dose of omega-3 fatty acids. In the in vitro experiment, a platelet-inhibiting effect of omega-3 fatty acids was shown by an arachidonic acid agonist in MEA . Conclusions Supplemental omega-3 fatty acids do not evoke their positive health effects through inhibition of platelet aggregation measurable with MEA.
Cardiovascular, electrophysiologic, and hematologic effects of omega-3 fatty acids beyond reducing hypertriglyceridemia: as it pertains to the recently published REDUCE-IT trial; Heart disease continues to affect health outcomes globally, accounting for a quarter of all deaths in the United States. Despite the improvement in the development and implementation of guideline-directed medical therapy, the risk of adverse cardiac events remains substantially high. Historically, it has been debated whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids provide clinical benefit in cardiac disease. The recently published REDUCE-IT trial demonstrated a statistically significant absolute risk reduction of 4.8% in its primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, coronary revascularization, or unstable angina) with the use of icosapent ethyl, which is a highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl ester. However, the mechanism of action of omega-3 fatty acids is not commonly discussed. Moreover, the use of EPA was not without risk, as the incidence of atrial fibrillation was increased along with a trend towards increased bleeding risk. Thus, our aim is to help explain the function of purified EPA ethyl ester, especially at the molecular level, which will ultimately lead to a better understanding of their clinically observable effects.
Does omega-3 PUFAs supplementation improve metabolic syndrome and related cardiovascular diseases? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Literature is inconsistent regarding the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) supplementation on patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and related cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Therefore, the aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to summarize data from available randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the effect of omega-3 PUFAs on lipid profiles, blood pressure, and inflammatory markers. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases to identify the relevant RCTs until 1 November 2022. Weighed mean difference (WMD) was combined using a random-effects model. Standard methods were applied to assess publication bias, sensitivity analysis, and heterogeneity among included studies. A total of 48 RCTs involving 8,489 subjects met the inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis demonstrated that omega-3 PUFAs supplementation significantly reduced triglyceride (TG) (WMD: -18.18 mg/dl; 95% CI: -25.41, -10.95; p < 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (WMD: -3.38 mg/dl; 95% CI: -5.97, -0.79; p = 0.01), systolic blood pressure (SBP) (WMD: -3.52 mmHg; 95% CI: -5.69, -1.35; p = 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (WMD: -1.70 mmHg; 95% CI: -2.88, -0.51; p = 0.005), interleukin-6 (IL-6) (WMD: -0.64 pg/ml; 95% CI: -1.04, -0.25; p = 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (WMD: -0.58 pg/ml; 95% CI: -0.96, -0.19; p = 0.004), C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD: -0.32 mg/l; 95% CI: -0.50, -0.14; p < 0.001), and interleukin-1 (IL-1) (WMD: -242.95 pg/ml; 95% CI: -299.40, -186.50; p < 0.001), and significantly increased in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) (WMD: 0.99 mg/dl; 95% CI: 0.18, 1.80; p = 0.02). However, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and soluble endothelial selectin (sE-selectin) were not affected. In subgroup analyses, a more beneficial effect on overall health was observed when the dose was <= 2 g/day; Omega-3 PUFAs had a stronger anti-inflammatory effect in patients with CVDs, particularly heart failure; Supplementation with omega-3 PUFAs was more effective in improving blood pressure in MetS patients and blood lipids in CVDs patients, respectively. Meta-regression analysis showed a linear relationship between the duration of omega-3 PUFAs and changes in TG (p = 0.023), IL-6 (p = 0.008), TNF-alpha (p = 0.005), and CRP (p = 0.025). Supplementation of omega-3 PUFAs had a favorable effect on improving TG, TC, HDL, SBP, DBP, IL-6, TNF-alpha, CRP, and IL-1 levels, yet did not affect LDL, MCP-1, ICAM-1, and sE-selectin among patients with MetS and related CVDs.
Perioperative omega-3 fatty acids fail to confer protection in liver surgery: Results of a multicentric, double-blind, randomized controlled trial; Background & Aims: In a variety of animal models, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega 3-FAs) conferred strong protective effects, alleviating hepatic ischemia/reperfusion injury and steatosis, as well as enhancing regeneration after major tissue loss. Given these benefits along with its safety profile, we hypothesized that perioperative administration of Omega 3-FAs in patients undergoing liver surgery may ameliorate the postoperative course. The aim of this study was to investigate the perioperative use of Omega 3-FAs to reduce postoperative complications after liver surgery.
The effect of Omega-3 fatty acids on the atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype in patients with nephrotic range proteinuria; Aims: Patients with nephrotic range proteinuria are known to have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease partly due to possessing the atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of high dose Omega-3 fatty acids on atherogenic triglyceride rich lipoproteins in patients with nephrotic range proteinuria, comparing their effect on lipoprotein profiles in age and sex matched controls. Methods: 17 patients with nephrotic range proteinuria and 17 age and sex matched controls were studied. Fasting lipids and lipoproteins were measured before and after 8 weeks treatment with 4 g daily of Omega-3 fatty acids (Omacor (R)). Results: In patients with proteinuria treatment reduced plasma triglyceride by a mean of 0.45 mmol/l (95%CI 0.16 - 0.74, p = 0.005) and plasma very low density lipoprotein cholesterol by a mean of 0.38 (95%CI 0.01 - 0.75, p = 0.04). LDL III concentration fell from 178.8 mg/dl (61.6 - 231.0) to 96.1 mg/dl (49.3 - 204.5), p = 0.05. In patients treatment altered the LDL profile so that LDLIII which was the major subfraction present at baseline was reduced from 49.9% to 29.8% (p = 0.01). Remnant lipoproteins (RLP) also fell with a mean reduction of 3.5 mg/dl in RLP-Cholesterol (95%CI 0.1 - 6.9, p = 0.05) and 12.4 mg/dl in RLP-triglyceride (95%CI 2.6 - 22.2, p = 0.03). There was however a 0.6 mmol/l rise in LDL-C (p = 0.06) in the patients. Treatment did not alter HDL-C. Conclusion: In patients with nephrotic range proteinuria, Omega-3 fatty acids reduced triglyceride rich lipoproteins, LDL III and remnant lipoproteins. A tendency to an increase in LDL-C was observed but this was offset by an alteration in the distribution of the LDL profile towards lighter, larger LDL particles. We propose that treatment with Omega-3 fatty acids in conjunction with a statin may be the ideal therapy in these patients.
Beneficial effect of omega-3 fatty acids on sirolimus- or everolimus-induced hypertriglyceridemia in heart transplant recipients; Background. Hyperlipidemia is an important complication after organ transplantation and may contribute to the development of posttransplant-accelerated coronary artery disease. Immunosuppressive therapy, especially mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors, induces a considerable increase in cholesterol and triglyceride plasma levels. Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) exert cardioprotective effects supporting a therapeutic role in cardiovascular conditions.
Omega-3 fatty acids, cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease; The continued imbalance of fatty acids in western diets has led to concerns about the effect this may be having on physical and mental wellbeing. Diets rich in omega-3 fatty acids, mainly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosahexanoic acid (EPA), are argued to help with cardiovascular health as well as cognition. The mechanisms by which this happens are complex and not well understood. However, results from research in this area speculate that individuals with cognitive difficulties may benefit from increasing their omega-3 fatty acid intake, especially if they already show depleted levels of omega-3 fatty acids. This review examines mechanistic reasons behind why low intake of omega-3 fatty acids may affect physical and cognitive health, as well as evidence suggesting diets high in omega-3 fatty acids fend off cognitive disorders. It will also discuss the small body of evidence indicating that omega-3 fatty acids are depleted in those with already manifest cognitive disorders and the possibility that elevating omega-3 fatty acid status in such individuals may benefit their cognition.
The Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Diabetes Mellitus Management: A Narrative Review; Purpose of ReviewDiabetes mellitus (DM) is a group of metabolic illnesses characterized by elevated levels of glucose in the bloodstream as a result of abnormalities in the generation or function of insulin. Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) is an essential component of diabetes management. Dietary fats are essential in both the prevention and progression of chronic diseases. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are recognized for their advantageous impact on health. They assist in controlling blood sugar levels and lipid profile in patients with all types of diabetes. Furthermore, they reduce the occurrence of cardiovascular events and death linked to DM.Recent FindingsAfter evaluating the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antilipidemic, and antidiabetic mechanisms of omega-3 fatty acid supplements, as well as the results from randomized controlled studies, it is clear that these supplements have positive effects in both preventing and treating diabetes, as well as preventing and treating complications related to diabetes, specifically cardiovascular diseases.SummaryHowever, current evidence does not support the use of omega-3 supplementation in people with diabetes for the purpose of preventing or treating cardiovascular events. People with all types of diabetes are suggested to include fatty fish and foods high in omega-3 fatty acids in their diet twice a week, as is prescribed for the general population.
Women and omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) are constituents of the membranes of all cells in the body and are precursors of locally produced hormones, eicosanoids, which are important in the prevention and treatment of various diseases, especially in women. Omega-3 FA are of interest in some of the most common conditions affecting women. One mechanism underlying dysmenorrhea is a disturbed balance between antiinflammatory, vasodilator eicosanoids derived from omega-3 FA and proinflammatory, vasoconstrictor eicosanoids derived from omega-6 FA. Increased intake of omega-3 FA can reverse the symptoms in this condition by decreasing the amount of omega-6 FA in cell membranes. An increased prostacyclin/thromboxane ratio induced by omega-3 FA can facilitate pregnancy in women with infertility problems by increasing uterine blood flow. Supplementation with omega-3 FA during pregnancy lowers the risk of premature birth and can increase the length of pregnancy and birth weight by altering the balance of eicosanoids involved in labor and promote fetal growth by improving placental blood flow. Intake of omega-3 FA during pregnancy and breast feeding may facilitate the child's brain development. There is also some evidence that supplementation with omega-3 FA might help to prevent preeclampsia, postpartum depression, menopausal problems, postmenopausal osteoporosis, and breast cancer. Furthermore, because elevated triglyceride levels are associated with cardiovascular disease, especially in women; and because omega-3 FA have powerful effects on triglycerides, women in particular gain from an increased intake of these fatty acids. This is especially important in women receiving hormone therapy, which can increase triglyceride levels. The quality of the omega-3 FA preparation is important. It should have an appropriate antioxidant content not to induce lipid peroxidation, and its content of dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) should be well below the established safe limit.
Different Omega-3 Formulations Yield to Diverse Clinical Response: A Case-Report; Treatment guidelines recommend omega-3 with Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) content not above 85% in patients with high plasma levels of triglycerides. Since the different up to date formulation of omega-3 available in commerce must be similar to clinical efficacy and safety, herein, we report the case a 52-year-old woman who presented clinical inefficacy using Olevia(R) omega-3 treatment. Clinical evaluation excluded the presence of intestinal or systemic diseases able to reduce the drug absorption. Switching the therapy from (Olevia(R)) to an equivalent omega-3 formulation (Esapent(R)), we documented a decrease in her plasma triglycerides levels. In order to evaluate a possible difference between these formulations we performed a single blind in vitro dissolution test using three pills for each formulation of omega-3 (Olevia(R), Esapent(R) and another one chosen between the several formulations available in commerce: DOC Generic(R)) that revealed a significant difference (>20%) in the dissolution time of three different omega-3 commercially available drug formulation.
The future of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid therapy; Purpose of review
Acrylamide-induced adverse cerebellar changes in rats: possible oligodendrogenic effect of omega 3 and green tea; Background: Humans are widely exposed to acrylamide (ACR) and its neurotoxicity is a significant public health issue attracting wide attention. The aim of the study was to investigate ACR-induced adverse cerebellar changes in rats and study the possible oligodendrogenic effect of omega 3 and green tea.
The role of n-3 fatty acids in gestation and parturition; Preterm birth is the most common cause of low infant birth weight and infant morbidity and mortality. Evidence from human and animal studies indicates that essential fatty acids of both the n-3 and n-6 series, and their eicosanoid metabolites, play important and modifiable roles in gestational duration and parturition, and n-3 fatty acid intake during pregnancy may be inadequate. Prostaglandins (PG) of the 2-series are involved in parturition and connective tissue remodelling associated with cervical maturation and rupture of membranes. In the absence of infections, preterm birth is characterized by lower reproductive tissue PG production and decreased inducible cyclooxygenase expression. Women who deliver prematurely have increased pools of n-6 fatty acid and decreased n-3 fatty acids, despite the lower PG production. Several human pregnancy supplementation trials with n-3 fatty acids have shown a significant reduction in the incidence of premature deliver and increased birth weight associated with increased gestational duration. Supplementation with long chain n-3 fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid may be useful in prolonging the duration of gestation in some high-risk pregnancies. Evidence presented in this review is discussed in terms of the roles of dietary n-3 and n-6 fatty acids in gestation and parturition, mechanisms by which they may influence gestational duration and the human trials suggesting that increased dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids decrease the incidence of premature delivery.
The Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Health; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) play an important role in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Clinicians should strongly consider therapy with omega-3 PUFAs for individuals at risk for CVD and with known CVD, particularly individuals who are at increased risk for sudden cardiac death. The amount of omega-3 PUFA in erythrocyte membranes, which is the omega-3 index, could prove to be a modifiable risk factor for CVD. This review outlines potential mechanisms of action, the omega-3 index, results of clinical and prevention trials, and recommendations for omega-3 PUPA therapy in CVD. The majority of epidemiologic and controlled interventional studies have demonstrated that marine- and plant-derived omega-3 PUFAs have beneficial effects on CVD. The omega-3 index may prove to be a valuable tool for assessing an individual's need for increased omega-3 PUFAs through diet or supplementation.
Omega-3 fatty acids: their neuroprotective and regenerative potential in traumatic neurological injury; There is substantial evidence that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have therapeutic potential in neurology and psychiatry. Spinal cord injury (SCI) and traumatic brain injury (TBI) have dramatic consequences, and no neuroprotective or neuroregenerative treatment is available. The pathogenetic mechanisms involved in SCI and TBI include excitotoxicity associated with increased glutamate, oxidative stress and neuroinflammation. Studies have shown that omega-3 PUFAs can induce significant neuroprotection in SCI. In rat hemisection and compression SCI, long-chain omega-3 PUFAs such as docosahexaenoic acid, administered within the first hour after injury, can reduce neuronal and glial cell death, limit oxidative stress and the inflammatory cascade triggered by the primary injury, and improve neurological function. Emerging observations in TBI support a similar neuroprotective potential. Omega-3 PUFAs also have neurotrophic properties. These findings support the idea that treatment with omega-3 PUFAs could represent a promising therapeutic approach in the management of neurotrauma, which would be easy to translate to the clinic, considering the well-documented safety and tolerability of these compounds in other indications.
ω-3 fish oil fat emulsion preconditioning mitigates myocardial oxidative damage in rats through aldehydes stress; omega-3 fish oil fat emulsions contain a considerable quantity of unsaturated carbon-carbon double bonds, which undergo lipid peroxidation to yield low-dose aldehydes. These aldehydes may stimulate the production of antioxidant enzymes, thereby mitigating myocardial oxidative damage. This study aims to (1) verify the cardio-protective effect of omega-3 fish oil fat emulsion in vivo and in vitro, and (2) determine whether aldehyde stress is a protective mechanism. For modeling purposes, we pretreated rats with 2 ml/kg of a 10% omega-3 fish oil fat emulsion for 5 days in order to generate a sufficient aldehyde stress response to trigger the production of antioxidant enzymes, and we obtained similar response with H9C2 cells that were pretreated with a 0.5% omega-3 fish oil fat emulsion for 24 h. omega-3 fish oil fat emulsion pretreatment in vivo reduced the myocardial infarct size, decreased the incidence of arrhythmias, and promoted the recovery of cardiac function after myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury. Once the expression of nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) was silenced in H9C2 cells, aldehydes no longer produced enough antioxidant enzymes to reverse the oxidative damage caused by tert-butyl hydroperoxide (TBHP). Our results demonstrated that omega-3 fish oil fat emulsion enhanced the inhibition of oxidation and production of free radicals, and alleviated myocardial oxidative injury via activation of the Nrf2 signaling pathway.
Sacha Inchi (<i>Plukenetia volubilis</i> L.) Is an Underutilized Crop with a Great Potential; Plukenetia volubilis (Euphorbiaceae) is an underutilized oilseed crop native to the Amazon basin, where it has been utilized by humans since Incan times. The large seeds contain approximately 45-50% lipid, of which approximately 35.2-50.8% is alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3, omega-3) and approximately 33.4-41.0% is linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6, omega-6), the two essential fatty acids required by humans. The seeds also contain 22-30% protein and have antioxidant properties. Due to its excellent nutritional composition and good agronomic properties, it has attracted increasing attention in recent years, and cultivation is expanding. When considering current global challenges, a reformation of our food systems is imperative in order to ensure food security, mitigation of climate change, and alleviation of malnutrition. For this purpose, underutilized crops may be essential tools which can provide agricultural hardiness, a reduced need for external inputs, climate resilience, diet diversification, and improved income opportunities for smallholders. Plukenetia volubilis is a promising up and coming crop in this regard and has considerable potential for further domestication; it has an exceptional oil composition, good sensory acceptability, is well suited for cultivation, and has numerous potential applications in, e.g., gastronomy, medicine, and cosmetics.
Recommendations of the Spanish Menopause Society on the consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids by postmenopausal women; The consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCO3-PUFAs) has shown a great variety of beneficial effects, including cardiovascular, metabolic and inflammatory effects, which make them interesting for the postmenopausal woman. Because LCO3-PUFAs could be effective and safe during this period, a panel of experts from the Spanish Menopause Society met to establish a set of recommendations for their use in postmenopausal women based on the best available evidence.
Dietary linolenic acid and adjusted QT and JT intervals in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study; OBJECTIVES The goal of this study was to examine whether higher consumption of total linolenic acid was associated with rate-adjusted QT and JT intervals (QTrr and JTrr, respectively).
Possibilities of Correction of Rheological Properties of the Blood and Free Radical Processess in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction Combined With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Aim of the study was assessment of rheological parameters of the blood and processes of free radical oxidation as well as rate of arrhythmia development in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) whose otherwise standard therapy was supplemented with 90% omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PFA). We examined 63 patients with AMI and concomitant diabetes. 90% omega-3 PFA was given to 16 of these patients. Control group consisted of 22 practically healthy patients. Investigation of blood rheological parameters included measurement of viscosity of whole blood, determination of aggregation and morphofunctional structure of erythrocytes. Free radical processes were assessed by total amount of nitrates and nitrites in blood plasma, concentration of citrulline and malone dialdehyde. In patients with AMI taking its course at the background of type 2 DM compared with control group we observed changes of rheological properties of blood and processes of free radical oxidation which led to lowering of tissue oxygen supply. Standard therapy of AMI in more than 50% of patients did not result in adequate correction of impaired rheological parameters of blood. Addition of 90% omega-3 PFA to standard treatment of AMI was associated with improvement of aggregation and cytoarchitectonics of erythrocytes, lowering of activity of free radical oxidation, and by the end of 2-nd week of treatment - with lessening of number of ventricular disturbances of cardiac rhythm. Thus supplementation of standard therapy with preparation 90% omega-3 PFA in patients with AMI and type 2 DM facilitates improvement of rheological properties of blood and processes of free radical oxidation, and prevention of arrhythmia.
Blood docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid in vegans: Associations with age and gender and effects of an algal-derived omega-3 fatty acid supplement; Background & aims: Several studies have demonstrated that vegetarians and vegans have much lower plasma concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids (i.e., docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids) when compared to those who eat fish. The purposes of this study were 1) to define the age and/or sex-specific docosahexaenoic plus eicosapentaenoic acids levels in red blood cell membranes (expressed as a percent of total fatty acids; hereafter the omega-3 index) in long-term vegans, and 2) to determine the effects of a vegetarian omega-3 supplement (254 mg docosahexaenoic plus eicosapentaenoic acids/day for 4 months) on the omega-3 index.
Endurance Training Counteracts the High-Fat Diet-Induced Profiling Changes of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Skeletal Muscle of Middle-Aged Rats; Purpose: To investigate the effects of endurance training on the content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and their distribution among lipid classes in skeletal muscle in middle aged, high-fat diet fed rats.
Effects of Omega-3 and Omega-6 fatty acids on lipids panel in Riyadh City, Saudi Arabia; One of the most intriguing current and future impacts on public health may come from a higher intake of n-3 fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexanoic acid (DHA). The omega-3 fatty acids continue to accumulate research that suggests possible preventative effects on a variety of diverse chronic diseases and potentially some acute clinical scenarios. The present study was carried out to evaluate the n-3 and n-6 fatty acids dietary intakes and examine their correlation with plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids, serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in Saudi population. In this study two hundred healthy, Saudi, males ranging in age from 19-50 years old, from Riyadh City, were selected for this study. A 24-hr food recall and two-day food records were used to determine dietary intakes. The food processor plus computer program software was used to analyze the food record and to calculate the mean daily intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids. Blood pressure and anthropometric measurements were measured by well-trained staff. Overnight fasting blood samples were collected and the plasma was separated for analysis of n-3, n-6, LDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, apolipoprotein A-1 and Apolipoprotein B. The mean body mass index was 25.98 +/- 3.2 kg/m(2) and the mean blood pressure was 81/122 mm Hg. There was a significant (p<0.05) and positive correlation between dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids and plasma concentrations. There was a significant (p<0.05) negative correlation between intakes of n-3 fatty acids and LDL-C, TG and Apo A-1. There was a significant (p<0.05) positive correlation between intakes of n-6 fatty acids and LDL-C, TG and Apo A-1. There was a significant (p<0.05) positive correlation between n-6:n-3 fatty acids, and LDL-C, TG and Apo A-1 whereas there was a significant (p<0.05) negative correlation between n-6:n-3 fatty acids and HDL-C and Apo B. The results indicate the correlation between n-3 and n-6 FA's dietary intakes and their concentrations in plasma. Also these results reinforce the hypothesis that a high intake of n-3 dietary PUFA improves lipid profile by decreasing LDL-C, TG and Apo A-1 and increasing HDL-C and Apo B.
Soybean oil lowers circulating cholesterol levels and coronary heart disease risk, and has no effect on markers of inflammation and oxidation; To reduce risk of coronary heart disease, replacement of saturated fats (SFAs) with polyunsaturated fats (PUFA) is recommended. Strong and concordant evidence supports this recommendation, but controversy remains. Some observational studies have reported no association between SFAs and coronary heart disease, likely because of failure to account for the macronutrient replacing SFAs, which determines the direction and strength of the observed associations. Controversy also persists about whether n omega-6 (n omega-6) PUFA or a high dietary ratio of n omega-6 to omega-3 (n omega-3) fatty acids leads to proinflammatory and pro-oxidative states. These issues are relevant to soybean oil, which is the leading edible oil consumed globally and in the United States. Soybean oil accounts for over 40% of the US intake of both essential fatty acids. We reviewed clinical and epidemiologic literature to determine the effects of soybean oil on cholesterol levels, inflammation, and oxidation. Clinical evidence indicates that soybean oil does not affect inflammatory biomarkers, nor does it increase oxidative stress. On the other hand, it has been demonstrated that when dietary SFAs are replaced with soybean oil, blood cholesterol levels are lowered. Regarding the n omega-6 n omega-3 dietary ratio, health agencies have consistently rejected the importance of this ratio, instead emphasizing the importance of consuming sufficient amounts of each type of fat. Thus, several lines of evidence indicate that soybean oil can positively contribute to overall health and reduction of risk of coronary heart disease. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Evolution of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Therapy and Current and Future Role in the Management of Dyslipidemia; Omega-3 fatty acids have shown modest benefit in certain subgroups at higher cardiovascular risk. Ongoing trials are investigating cardiovascular event rate reduction with newer, more efficacious formulations with a focus on these higher risk patients. This article focuses on the previously demonstrated benefits of omega-3 fatty acid therapies, currently available formulations, and their current and future role in reducing cardiovascular risk.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on ARDS: A Randomized Double-Blind Study; Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an enteral nutrition diet, enriched with omega-3 fatty acids because of its anti-inflammatory effects on treatment of patients with mild to moderate ARDS.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids inhibit cardiomyocyte apoptosis and attenuate sepsis-induced cardiomyopathy; Objectives: Sepsis can cause myocardial injury, which is one of the leading causes of death in critically ill patients. Fish oil rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in ultralong chains has immunomodu-latory effects and can inhibit the production of various critically ill proinflammatory cytokines. Therefore, this study focused on whether v-3 PUFAs have a protective effect on sepsis-induced cardiomyopathy (SIC). Methods: Male 6-8 weeks old C57BL/6 mice were pretreated with 3% special fish oil supplement rat food for seven consecutive days prior to surgery. Cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) was perfromed to induce polymi-crobial sepsis.The cardiac function was assessed by echocardiography, apoptosis of cardiomyocyte were detected by TUNEL assay and Western blotting, and the level of TNF-a, IL-6, and IL-1b in plasma was deter-mined 24h after CLP. Results: Pretreatment with omega-3 PUFAs attenuated cardiomyocyte apoptosis, decreased the production of proinflammatory cytokines, attenuated the SIC, and improved the survival rate of septic mice induced by CLP. Conclusions: v-3 PUFAs alleviate SIC through attenuating cardiomyocyte apoptosis, which provides a new direction for the prevention and treatment of SIC. ?? 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Extraction and characterizations of omega 3-fatty acid from cat fish collected from Arba Minch Chamo Lake; Fish oil is a nutrient-dense dietary product that contains long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid which is used to prevent and reduce type II diabetes, coronary heart disease, stroke, excessive blood pressure, and other cholesterol-related health issues. This study's main goal is to use a solvent to extract omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil. The extraction of omega-3-fatty acid was carried out at a speed of 4000rpm, temperature 60 oC, pH 6.5, 70-minute extraction period and a ratio of Methanol: Chloroform (2:1 v/v %). The extracted samples were characterized by proximate value and the result was found to be moisture content of (0.933 +/- 0:023), Organic dry matter (53.11%), ash content (1.18 +/- 0:21) total protein (0.96),Insoluble matter(0.01), acid value (14.96 +/- 3:23), peroxide value (22.433 +/- 4:43), Refractive index(1.414), Saponification value (99.3 +/- 31.2), Fat% 43.7.8:45, iodine value (31.72 +/- 8:39), Density Value(0.975 +/- 0:099THORN, % free fatty acid (0.846), pH (6.233 +/- 0:65), value specific gravity (1.31 +/- 0:095). The instrumental characterization was performed by using GC-MS, for the analysis of the FFA profiles and functional constitutions; we used UV-Visible and FTIR spectroscopy. To maintain compliance with commercial specifications and food standards, it is crucial to quantify proximate composition. With a ratio of 1.325 to 2.567, the high quantities of unsaturated fatty acids and low levels of saturated fatty acids imply that the oils and fatty acids have low cholesterol levels overall. Ratio for economic evaluation is necessary to ensure that by-products have a bright future and may be turned into new goods with a significant value addition.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Protect Neurological Function After Traumatic Brain Injury by Suppressing Microglial Transformation to the Proinflammatory Phenotype and Activating Exosomal NGF/TrkA Signaling; The transformation of microglia to a pro-inflammatory phenotype at the site of traumatic brain injury (TBI) drives the progression of secondary neurodegeneration and irreversible neurological impairment. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been shown to suppress this phenotype transformation, thereby reducing neuroinflammation following TBI, but the molecular mechanisms are unknown. We found that Omega-3 PUFA suppressed the expression of disintegrin metalloproteinase (ADAM17), the enzyme required to convert tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-a) to the soluble form, thereby inhibiting the TNF-a/NF-?B pathway both in vitro and in a mouse model of TBI. Omega-3 PUFA also prevented the reactive transformation of microglia and promoted the secretion of microglial exosomes containing nerve growth factor (NGF), activating the neuroprotective NGF/TrkA pathway both in culture and TBI model mice. Moreover, Omega-3 PUFA suppressed the pro-apoptotic NGF/P75NTR pathway at the TBI site and reduced apoptotic neuronal death, brain edema, and disruption of the blood-brain barrier. Finally, Omega-3 PUFA preserved sensory and motor function as assessed by two broad-spectrum test batteries. The beneficial effects of Omega-3 PUFA were blocked by an ADAM17 promotor and by a NGF inhibitor, confirming the pathogenic function of ADAM17 and the central neuroprotective role of NGF. Collectively, these findings provide a strong experimental basis for Omega-3 PUFA as a potential clinical treatment for TBI.
Omega-3 fatty acids in contrast to omega-6 protect against pneumococcal pneumonia; Purpose: The aim of this study was to assess if long-term supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in omega-6 fatty acids ameliorates disease severity in a murine model of pneumococcal pneumonia. We hypothesize that long-term dietary supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids will reduce inflammation, disease severity and improve survival compared to omega-6 fatty acids.
Characteristics of polyunsaturated fatty acids ethyl esters with high alpha-linolenic acid content as a component of biologically active health-promoting supplements; A review, with 69 refs., of properties and biol. activity of omega-3 acids produced from linseed oil. An innovative technol. for prodn. of Et esters of polyunsatd. fatty acids was presented.
A Low Omega-3 Index and High AA/EPA Ratio in American College Football Players are Both Improved Following 5 Weeks of DHA-Rich Algae Oil Supplementation; Purpose Many athletes are deficient in long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA). A consequent low Omega-3 Index (O3I) and high arachidonic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid (AA/EPA) ratio increase cardiovascular disease risk and inflammation. Algae oil is a plant-based, sustainable source of LC n-3 PUFA, suitable for vegans and vegetarians. Effects of algae oil supplementation on whole blood fatty acids among athletes has not been previously reported. This study evaluated the effects of 5 weeks of DHA-rich algae oil supplementation on the whole blood fatty acid profile, O3I and AA/EPA ratio of omnivorous Division I American College Football (ACF) players. Methods: Data, including a spot blood sample, were collected at baseline for all participants (n = 47), then for a subset of players (n = 22) following a 5-week control period (usual diet) and 5 weeks of algae oil supplementation (usual diet + 1575 mg docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) + eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) 5 days/week; average 1125 mg/day). Results: Baseline O3I was 4.3% +/- 0.1% and AA/EPA ratio was 45.6 +/- 23.8. After 5 weeks of algae oil supplementation, the O3I was 6.1% +/- 1.0% and the AA/EPA ratio was 25.1 +/- 11.6. The O3I was significantly higher and the AA/EPA ratio was significantly lower (P < 0.0001 for both) compared with both baseline and the end of the control period. The increase in O3I from baseline was correlated with calculated DHA + EPA dose per unit body mass (R = 0.641, P = 0.001). Conclusions: Algae oil supplementation for 5 weeks improved both the low baseline O3I and high AA/EPA ratio among ACF players, with body mass specific dose effects.
Interactions of ethanol drinking with <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in rats: potential consequences for the cardiovascular system; Moderate ethanol drinking (ED) and n-3 fatty acids have both been associated with low cardiac mortality. However, there are few data evaluating the interactions of ED with n-3. We recently reported that moderate ED results in increased n-3 in cardiac patients. The main aim of the present study was, through a well-controlled experimental model, to confirm that chronic ED actually results in increased n-3. Secondary aims were to examine the effects of chronic ED on cardiac mitochondria, cardiac function and experimental myocardial infarction. We Studied the fatty acid profiles of plasma, cell membranes and cardiac mitochondria phospholipids in a rat model of chronic ED. In plasma and cell membranes, ED actually resulted in higher n-3 (P=0.005). In mitochondria phospholipids of ED rats, n-3 were also increased (P < 0.05) but quite modestly. Cardiac mitochondrial function and left ventricular function were not significantly different in ED and control rats, while infarct size after 30 min ischaemia and reperfusion was smaller (P < 0.0001) in ED rats. This is the first animal study confirming interaction of alcohol drinking with n-3. We found no harmful effect of chronic ED on the heart in that model but a significant cardioprotection. Further Studies are warranted to investigate the mechanisms by which moderate ED alters the metabolism of n-3 and whether n-3 are the mediators of the ED-induced cardioprotection.
Dietary fatty acids modulate associations between genetic variants and circulating fatty acids in plasma and erythrocyte membranes: Meta-analysis of nine studies in the CHARGE consortium; ScopeTissue concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids may reduce cardiovascular disease risk, and genetic variants are associated with circulating fatty acids concentrations. Whether dietary fatty acids interact with genetic variants to modify circulating omega-3 fatty acids is unclear. We evaluated interactions between genetic variants and fatty acid intakes for circulating alpha-linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and docosapentaenoic acid.
Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake and cardiovascular disease mortality risk in Japanese: A 24-year follow-up of NIPPON DATA80; Background: Dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFA (LCn3FA) among Japanese is generally higher than that in Western populations. However, little is known whether an inverse association of LCn3FA with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk exists in a population with higher LCn3FA intake.
N-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; omega-3 Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 LCPUFA) of marine origin, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) present in fatty fish or blue fish, have different beneficial effects on human health especially at the cardiovascular level. From the late observations in the 1960s, basic, clinic and epidemiological evidence have established significant cardio protective effects for these fatty acids in reducing the morbidity and mortality from the disease. the cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 LCPUFA of marine origin are targeted on various inflammatory and metabolic pathways which are regulated by these fatty acids, particularly in the vascular endothelium, the inflammatory response and cardiac cells activity. EPA and DHA are transformed into a variety of eicosanoids and docosanoids which have strong anti-inflammatory actions antagonizing the proinflammatory actions of omega-6 LCPUFA. the different molecular mechanisms by which these fatty acids exert cardio protective effects and the clinical and epidemiological evidence demonstrating the reduction in the morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular diseases are discussed.
Enteral nutrition with omega-3 fatty acids in critically ill septic patients: A randomized double-blinded study; Purpose: The present study was done to investigate the effect of the enteral omega-3 fatty acids on critically ill septic patients.
Chronic effects of a high-fat diet enriched with virgin olive oil and a low-fat diet enriched with α-linolenic acid on postprandial endothelial function in healthy men; Traditional cardiovascular risk factors are associated with endothelial dysfunction. The vascular endothelium plays a key role in local vascular tone regulation and can be modulated by dietary fat. We propose to determine the chronic effect of three diets with different fat compositions on postprandial endothelial function and inflammatory biomarkers. Twenty healthy men followed three 4-week diets in a randomised cross-over design: a Western diet, rich in saturated fat (22 % SFA, 12 % MUFA and 0.4 % alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), all fractions are % of energy); a Mediterranean diet, rich in MUFA (< 10 % SFA, 24 % MUFA and 0.4 % ALA); a low-fat diet enriched in ALA (< 10 % SFA, 12 % MUFA and 2 % ALA). At the end of each dietary period all subjects underwent a postprandial study. Plasma concentrations of lipid parameters, soluble intercellular cell-adhesion molecule-1, soluble vascular cell-adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), nitrates and nitrites (NO.) and endothelial function studied by laser Doppler were examined at 0, 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. The endothelium-dependent vasodilatory response was greater 4 h after the ingestion of the MUFA-rich diet than after the SFA or ALA low-fat diets (P=0.031). The 4 h postprandial plasma sVCAM-1 levels were lower after the MUFA meals than after the ALA low-fat diet (P=0.043). The bioavailability of NO(x) was higher following the MUFA diet than after the SFA and ALA low-fat diets (P=0.027). We found no differences in the other parameters measured. Chronic ingestion of a Mediterranean diet avoids the postprandial deterioration of endothelial function associated with Westernised diets in healthy individuals.
Combined effects of vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids on protecting ambient PM<sub>2.5</sub>-induced cardiovascular injury in rats; Objective: This study aims to observe whether the combined treatment with vitamin E (vit E) and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3 FA) could prevent the fine particulate matter (PM2.5)-induced cardiovascular injury through alleviating inflammation and oxidative stress. At the same time, the appropriate combination dosage of vit E and Omega-3 FA was explored to find an optimized protective dose to protect the injury induced by PM2.5. Methods: The SD rats were pretreated with different concentration of vit E and Omega-3 FA separately or jointly. Then the rats were exposed to ambient PM2.5 by intratracheal instillation for three times. The expression of tumor necrosis factor a (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), interleukin-6 (IL-6) in serum and supernatant of cardiac tissue were detected by ELISA kits. The levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), superoxide Dismutase (SOD) and glutathione-peroxidase (GSH-Px) in myocardium and the level of MDA in serum were measured. Meanwhile, the cardiac injury was evaluated by histopathological examination. Results: Compared with the severe injury of rats in PM2.5 exposure group, the rats in vit E or Omega-3 FA-pretreated groups had a slighter injury in heart. Meanwhile, pretreatment with vit E or Omega-3 FA induced a significantly alleviation of the inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha, IL -1 beta, IL -6) and the elevation of the anti-oxidative activity especially in the rats pretreated with combined vit E and Omega-3 FA. In addition, the combined protecting effects of vit E and Omega-3 FA showed a dose dependent manner. Conclusion: Supplementation with vit E and Omega-3 FA could protect the PM2.5-induced injury, and the combination of vit E and Omega-3 FA might produce more effective effects than the separate nutrient did. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fish and omega-3 fatty acid consumption and risk of hypertension; Background: Experimental studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acid have favorable effects on blood pressure (BP). However, data on the association of long-term dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acid or fish with risk of hypertension in healthy subjects are sparse. We examined whether fish or omega-3 fatty acid consumption was associated with incident hypertension in the Physicians' Health Study (PHS).
Effects of B vitamins and omega 3 fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases: a randomised placebo controlled trial; Objective To investigate whether dietary supplementation with B vitamins or omega 3 fatty acids, or both, could prevent major cardiovascular events in patients with a history of ischaemic heart disease or stroke.
Reducing the burden of obesity-associated cancers with anti-inflammatory long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Today's world population has an unprecedented risk of dying from the consequences of being overweight and obese. Chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancer are often accelerated because of excessive adiposity. Various biological mechanisms are implicated in the obesity-cancer link, particularly local and systemic inflammation as well as altered growth factor signaling pathways. In order to combat obesity-induced inflammation and the resulting increases in cancer risk and progression, the identification of safe and effective mechanism-based interventions is imperative. Notably, long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) modulate the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines, prostaglandins and other inflammatory mediators, restore insulin sensitivity, and can prevent or delay tumorigenesis. Delineating the precise mechanisms by which omega-3 PUFAs suppress obesity-induced inflammation will help identify promising key mechanistic targets and intervention strategies to break the obesity-cancer link. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and brain health: Preclinical evidence for the prevention of neurodegenerative diseases; Background: As the prevalence of neurodegenerative diseases increases steadily, the need to develop new treatment approaches intensifies and the possibility of targeting risk and protective factors to delay onset of these diseases is attracting more interest. Dietary habits stand as one of the most promising modifiable risk factors for both Alzheimer's (AD) and Parkinson's (PD) diseases.
An Intravenous Bolus of Epa:Dha 6:1 Protects Against Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion-Induced Shock; Introduction:Enriching the diet with Omega-3 for several weeks improves myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion (IR) in rats. However, patients with myocardial infarction requiring an emergency reperfusion cannot be pretreated with such a diet. The objective of our study was to describe the effects of an intravenous Omega-3 bolus before reperfusion in a rat model of myocardial IR.Methods:In a rat model of acute myocardial IR, an intravenous Omega-3 bolus (EPA:DHA 6:1), associated or not with iodinated contrast media, was administered after a 30-min ischemia, before reperfusion. Hemodynamic parameters were assessed. Circulating procoagulant microparticles were phenotyped. Vascular and heart inflammation, superoxide anion, and nitric oxide were measured. Ex vivo vascular reactivity was performed with a pharmacological selective inhibitor of inductible nitric oxide synthase. Cardiac troponin I (cTn-I) plasma levels were measured.Results:Compared with untreated IR rats, an Omega-3 bolus before reperfusion significantly decreased the IR syndrome, improving mean arterial pressure (1149 vs. 61 +/- 17 mmHg 4 h after reperfusion, P<0.05) and carotid blood flow, and decreasing plasma cTn-I levels after revascularization. These beneficial effects may be due to improved ex vivo mesenteric resistance artery sensitivity to phenylephrine, endothelial protection assessed by decreased endothelial CD54(+) microparticle release (9.1 +/- 2.5 vs. 4.8 +/- 2.0nM Eq PhtdSer, P<0.05) and reduced vascular inflammation and oxidative stress.Conclusions:In this rat model of myocardial IR, an intravenous Omega-3 bolus before reperfusion decreases IR-induced vascular failure and shock. These results open therapeutic perspectives as far as myocardial reperfusion process is concerned that deserve further explorations in humans.
A fishy business: omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; The use of omega-3 fatty acids and other supplements as opposed to a healthy diet to prevent cardiovascular disease is controversial and the effects beyond current drugs are disputed. There has always been a tendency in medicine to take a lifestyle-related risk protective factor and try to bottle it for convenience and commercial advantage. The most famous instance is the vast use of anti-oxidant vitamins as opposed to eating fruit and vegetables which are known to be associated with reduced rates of cardiovascular disease (1,2).
Lower Circulating Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Are Associated with Coronary Microvascular Dysfunction Evaluated by Hyperemic Microvascular Resistance in Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease; The consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduces the incidence of cardiovascular events and sudden cardiac death. Coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) is a predictor of cardiac mortality, but little information is known on the relationship between CMD and omega-3 PUFAs. This study aimed to identify the relationship between the serum levels of omega-3 PUFAs and the CMD evaluated by the hyperemic microvascular resistance index (hMVRI) to assess coronary microvascular function in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD).
Effect of pretreatment with omega-3 supplement on cardiac necrosis markers in chronic kidney disease patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention; Objective: Studies have demonstrated the direct relation between elevation in cardiac necrosis markers and increased risk of cardiovascular complications after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. In this study, we sought to evaluate the effect of omega-3 on creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) and troponin-I in CKD patients undergoing elective PCI. Methods: Eighty CKD patients, candidate for elective PCI, were randomly assigned into two groups: Group A u receiving omega-3 (2.5 g, 12 h before PCI) plus standard treatment (n = 37) and Group B u control group, receiving only standard therapy (aspirin 325 mg and clopidogrel 600 mg loading dose and weight-adjusted intravenous heparin) (n = 43). Blood samples were collected before and 24 h after PCI for measuring CK-MB and troponin-I. The primary endpoint was considered to be postprocedural variations of CK-MB and troponin-I levels in both groups. The secondary endpoint was the percentage of pre-procedural myocardial infarction (PMI) occurrence, defined as the elevation of post-PCI troponin-I, between study groups. Findings: Both the baseline and 24-h CK-MB were significantly higher in omega-3 group. Although 24-h troponin-I increased less in omega-3-treated arm compared to the control group, no statistically significant variation was observed between the two groups. With regard to PMI occurrence, no significant difference was detected among study groups. Conclusion: Despite the beneficial but nonsignificant effects of omega-3 on decreasing post-PCI elevation of troponin-I and PMI occurrence, further investigations with bigger study population, higher doses of omega-3 and longer duration of treatment, and long-term follow-up of patients are required to better test the potential effects of omega-3 in improving clinical outcomes in CKD patients undergoing PCI.
Fish oil interaction with warfarin; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of elevated international normalized ratio (INR) in a patient taking fish oil and warfarin.
The ω-3 and ω-6 fats in meals: A proposal for a simple new label; Objective: The omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are separate essential dietary fatty acids that play a key role in many physiologic processes in higher animals. The content of these PUFAs is relatively well described for many individual food components. Our goal in this study was to analyze the PUFA content of whole meals and produce a simple measurement to estimate the intake of these fatty acids.
Antiarrhythmic mechanisms of n-3 PUFA and the results of the GISSI-Prevenzione trial; The purpose of this paper is twofold: on the one hand, to confirm the positive results on n-3 PUFA from the overall results Gruppo Italiano per to Studio delta Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevenzione trial; on the other, to summarize and describe how the results of an important trial can help generate hypotheses either on mechanisms of action or on differential results in particular subgroups of patients, as well as test the pathophysiological hypotheses that have accompanied in the years the story of the hypothesized mechanisms of action of a drug. GISSI-Prevenzione was conceived as a pragmatic population trial on patients with recent myocardial infarction and it was conducted in the framework of the Italian public health system. In GISSI-Prevenzione, 11,323 patients were enrolled in a clinical trial aimed at testing the effectiveness of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and vitamin E. Patients were invited to follow Mediterranean dietary habits, and were treated with up-to-date preventive pharmacological interventions. Long-term n-3 PUFA at I g daily, but not vitamin E at 300 mg daily, was beneficial for death and for combined death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke. All the benefit, however, was attributable to the decrease in risk for overall (-20%), cardiovascular (-30%), and sudden death (-45%). At variance from the orientation of a scientific scenario largely dominated by the "cholesterol-heart hypothesis", GISSI-Prevenzione results indicate n-3 PUFA (virtually devoid of any cholesterol-lowering effect) as a relevant pharmacological treatment for secondary prevention after myocardial infarction.
Are omega-3 fatty acids safe and effective in acute pancreatitis or sepsis? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Acute pancreatitis (AP) is marked by a strong pro-inflammatory response, which may cause a systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS), organ failure, and death. Early administration of omega-3 fatty acids (FA) may reduce the pro-inflammatory response and improve outcome in AP. A systematic review focusing on the safety and efficacy of omega-3 FA in AP is lacking.
Effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids on hypoxia-induced necrotizing enterocolitis in young mice -: n-3 fatty acids alter platelet-activating factor and leukotriene B<sub>4</sub> production in the intestine; Necrotizing entercolitis (NEC) is an important neonatal disease with a high mortality rate. Inflammatory mediators, such as mainly platelet-activating factor (PAF), leukotrienes (LT) and tumor necrosis factor play an important role in the genesis of NEC. Diets in Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids appear to have an antiinflammatory effect, which is thought to be due to decreased active prostaglandins and leukotrienes production after incorporation of these fatty acids into cell membrane phospholipids. We investigated the protective effect of fish oil (source of n-3 fatty acids) on hypoxia-induced model of NEC. Young mice were divided into three groups; group 1 mice were fed standard chow (n-3 fatty acids-free), group 2 was fed a chow supplemented by 10% fish oil for 4 weeks. Group 3 mice served as control. We examined the intestinal lesions by light microscopy and measured intestinal tissue PAF and LB4 levels in hypoxia-induced model of NEC. Significantly increased intestinal PAF and LTB4 levels were found in group 1 mice when compared to group 2 and group 3 mice. The histopathology of the intestinal lesions in group 1 animals was characteristic of ischemic injury. In the n-3 fatty acids-supplemented animals these lesions were milder. The present study shows that endogenously released PAF and LTB4 play an important role in mediating hypoxia-induced intestinal necrosis. The present study also suggests that dietary supple mentation with n-3 fatty acids suppress intestinal PAF and LTB4 generation in hypoxia-induced bowel necrosis. The intestinal protective effect of n-3 fatty acids in an experimental model of NEC may open new insight into the treatment and preventation of NEC in neonates.
A Practical Approach to the Management of Residual Cardiovascular Risk: United Arab Emirates Expert Consensus Panel on the Evidence for Icosapent Ethyl and Omega-3 Fatty Acids; PurposePatients with hyperlipidemia treated with statins remain at a residual cardiovascular (CV) risk. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids hold the potential to mitigate the residual CV risk in statin-treated patients, with persistently elevated triglyceride (TG) levels.MethodWe reviewed the current evidence on the use of icosapent ethyl (IPE), an omega-3 fatty acid yielding a pure form of eicosapentaenoic acid.ResultsREDUCE-IT reported a significant 25% reduction in CV events, including the need for coronary revascularization, the risk of fatal/nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, hospitalization for unstable angina, and CV death in patients on IPE, unseen with other omega-3 fatty acids treatments. IPE was effective in all patients regardless of baseline CV risk enhancers (TG levels, type-2 diabetes status, weight status, prior revascularization, or renal function). Adverse events (atrial fibrillation/flutter) related to IPE have occurred mostly in patients with prior atrial fibrillation. Yet, the net clinical benefit largely exceeded potential risks. The combination with other omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, in particular DHA, eliminated the effect of EPA alone, as reported in the STRENGTH and OMEMI trials. Adding IPE to statin treatment seems to be cost-effective, especially in the context of secondary prevention of CVD, decreasing CV event frequency and subsequently the use of healthcare resources.ConclusionImportantly, IPE has been endorsed by 20 international medical societies as a statin add-on treatment in patients with dyslipidemia and high CV risk. Robust medical evidence supports IPE as a pillar in the management of dyslipidemia.
Recent findings on the health effects of omega-3 fatty acids and statins, and their interactions: do statins inhibit omega-3?; Early randomized controlled trials (RCTs) demonstrated the health benefits of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3), whereas recent RCTs were negative. We now address the issue, focusing on the temporal changes having occurred: most patients in recent RCTs are no longer n-3 deficient and the vast majority are now treated with statins. Recent RCTs testing n-3 against arrhythmias suggest that n-3 reduce the risk only in patients not taking a statin. Other recent RCTs in secondary prevention were negative although, in a post-hoc analysis separating statin users and non-users, non-significant protection of n-3 was observed among statin non-users whereas statin users had no effect. Recent RCTs testing statins - after the implementation of the New Clinical Trial Regulation in 2007 - are negative (or flawed) suggesting that the lack of effect of n-3 cannot be attributed to a parallel protection by statins. Finally, statins favor the metabolism of omega-6 fatty acids (n-6), which in turn inhibits n-3 and, contrary to n-3, they increase insulin resistance and the risk of diabetes. Thus, n-3 and statins are counteractive at several levels and statins appear to inhibit n-3.
The percentage of n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids in total HUFA as a biomarker for omega-3 fatty acid status in tissues; A blood biomarker of omega-3 fatty acid intake and tissue status could serve as a modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The percentage of omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA >= 20 carbons and > 3 double bonds) in the total HUFA pool (the n-3 HUFA score) was examined as a potential blood biomarker of omega-3 fatty acids in tissues. The fatty acid composition of total lipid extracts (TLE) and phospholipid (PL) fractions were determined for plasma and erythrocytes samples of human subjects (n = 20) and the n-3 HUFA score and the sum of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were compared. Omega-3 fatty acids in blood and tissues of rats (n = 31) and pigs (n = 48) were also determined and the associations were compared. The n-3 HUFA score is more consistent across plasma and erythrocytes, with strong correlations between TLE and PL in plasma (r = 0.93) and erythrocytes (r = 0.94). The n-3 HUFA score was less variable and blood levels correlated strongly with various animal tissues. The n-3 HUFA score is a useful blood biomarker that does not require the isolation of the PL class thereby supporting high throughput analyses. The strength of association between the n-3 HUFA score and disease risk needs to be examined.
Comparative efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on major cardiovascular events: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in primary and secondary prevention on major car-diovascular events (MCE) is inconclusive due to the potential heterogeneity in study designs of formulas, dos-ages, and ratios of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) from the findings of previous randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Here we conducted a comprehensive narrative review of pre-clinical studies and updated a network meta-analysis (NMA) to determine the comparative efficacy against MCE with different EPA/DHA dosages and formulas. We found that pure EPA was ranked the best option in the secondary prevention (hazard ratio: 0.72, 95% confidence interval: 0.65 to 0.81) from the NMA of 39 RCTs with 88,359 participants. There was no evidence of omega-3 PUFAs' efficacy in primary prevention. The mechanisms of omega-3 PUFAs' cardiovascular protection might link to the effects of anti-inflammation and stabilization of endothelial function from PUFA's derivatives including eicosanoids and the special pre-resolving mediators (SPMs).
Treatment of hyperlipidemia after renal transplantation: Comparative effect of lovastatin and omega-3 fatty acids; hyperlipidemia is a frequent complication after renal transplantation and a well known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and mortality. in order to asses the efficacy and safety of low dose HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors and omega-3 fatty acids treatment we prospectively studied 34 renal transplant recipients with hyperlipidemia after three months of dietary intervention. Patients were randomized into two groups, low closes of lovastatin (20 mg/day, n = 16, Group A), and omega-3 fatty acids (2 g/day, n = 18, Group B) during six months. Clinical data and antihypertensive and immunossuppresive treatments were similar in boths groups. Only two patients dropped-out of the study due to side effects (one in each group). At the end of follow-up a significant decrease of cholesterol was observed in both groups (Group A: 221 +/- 38.2 vs 278 +/- 43 mg/dl, p < 0.001; Group B: 237 +/- 25 vs 271,5 +/- 29.7 mg/dl, p < 0.001). This war earlier (first month) and more pronounced (-20.5 +/- 11% vs 11.5 +/- 10%, p < 0.05) in patients treated with lovastatin. Boths groups showed a rise of HDL-cholesterol/total cholesterol ratio (Group A: 0.28 +/- 0.06 vs 0.22 +/- 0.06, p < 0.01; Group B: 0.21 +/- 0.09 vs 0.18 +/- 0.06, p < 0.056) and a significant decrease of Apo B/Apo A ratio (group A; 0.56 +/- 0.17 vs 0.82 +/- 0.2, p < 0.001; Group B: 0.73 +/- 0.22 vs 0.92 +/- 0.34, p < 0.001). However, only patients treated with lovastatin showed a significant decrease of LDL-cholesterol. On the other hand, only patients treated with omega-3 fatty acids showed a significant reduction of triglycerides (260.8 +/- 99.1 vs 197.3 +/- 90.2 mg/dl, p < 0.01) at the end of follow-up.
The effect of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on pain prevalence and severity in older adults: a large-scale ancillary study of the VITamin D and OmegA-3 triaL (VITAL); Supplemental Digital Content is Available in the Text.Commonly used doses of vitamin D or omega-3 fatty acids do not result in a lower pain prevalence or severity in middle-aged and older adults.
Incorporation of (n-3) Fatty Acids in Foods: Challenges and Opportunities; The health benefits of long-chain (n-3) PUFA have been widely reported in the literature. Despite the potential benefits, consumption of these fatty acids continues to fall below recommendations from various health and regulatory agencies. Incorporation of long-chain PUFA in foods represents a considerable challenge due to the increased risk of lipid oxidation resulting in the development of off-flavors and reduced shelf life. As a result, new sources of (n-3) fatty acids are needed that are more efficiently converted to long-chain (n-3) fatty acids than a-linolenic acid (ALA) and can be more easily incorporated into food. Stearidonic acid [SDA, 18:4 (n-3)] is an intermediate in the desaturation of ALA to EPA. Soybeans have been modified to contain SDA. Clinical studies have demonstrated a significant increase in EPA levels when SDA is consumed. Being more stable, SDA has been added to a variety of foods and has demonstrated equal consumer acceptance compared to a regular soybean oil control. SDA-enhanced soybean oil can provide to food companies and consumers an option to increase (n-3) fatty acid consumption in foods consumers typically eat. J. Nutr. 142: 610S-613S, 2012.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation and cardiovascular outcomes: do formulation, dosage, and baseline cardiovascular risk matter? updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; The recent publication of the REDUCE-IT study has reopened the debate about the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in reducing the risk of cardiovascular (CV) events. This meta-analysis aims at investigating the effect of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) administration on CV outcomes in published randomized clinical trials (RCTs), with a focus on the role of dose, type of n-3 PUFA, and different CV risk at baseline.
Purification of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil using silver-thiolate chromatographic material and high performance liquid chromatography; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) have become increasingly popular in dietary supplements worldwide and global demand for higher purity omega-3 PUFAs in clinical applications has been rising rapidly in the recent years. Traditional methods for isolating omega-3 PUFAs however, generally require multiple, cumbersome steps to obtain high purity (>95%) products. In this study, we report an efficient liquid chromatography method for purifying individual omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6), at >95% purity using a silver(I)-mercaptopropyl stationary phase, otherwise known as silver-thiolate chromatographic material (AgTCM). We demonstrate the key variables controlling separation of FAEEs with a silver(l)-thiolate stationary phase and examine important similarities and differences between silver-thiolate and silver-ion chromatography in regards to the separation mechanism taking place. We demonstrate the separation behavior of FAEEs under various conditions such as mobile phase composition, flow rate and sample injection amount. Purification of EPA and DHA was carried out on an analytical and semi-preparative scale and the resulting purity was determined by GC-FID. We report high attainable purity for EPA (>95%) and DHA (>99%) from a single isocratic separation of fish oil FAEEs within 5-10 min using a mobile phase of heptane/acetone (95:5, % v/v). (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary linolenic acid and carotid atherosclerosis:: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study; Background: Dietary intake of linolenic acid is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, it is unknown whether linolenic acid is associated with a lower risk of carotid atherosclerosis.
A self-emulsifying omega-3 fatty acids delivery system for enhanced gastro-intestinal absorption in rats; Omega-3 fatty acids have many health benefits as they help to prevent and treat coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, arthritis, and autoimmune disorders. Omega-3 fatty acids miscible in lecithin were found to spontaneously form microemulsions in water. The particle sizes of emulsions ranged from 300 to 800 nm and their morphologies were observed by optical microscopy. In vitro testing showed that the amounts of omega-3 fatty acids released by self-emulsifying delivery (SED) formulations containing lecithin, were higher than that released by a commercial formulation without lecithin. The C-max values of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were approximately 1.38-1.40-fold for the optimized SED formulation than for the control group (P < 0.01). Similarly, the mean AUC(0 - 48) values of DHA or EPA in the SED group were 1.27-1.29-fold higher than in the control group (P < 0.05). Phospholipids and lecithin were found to have considerable potentials as bioavailability enhancing excipients for SED systems.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation and oxidative stress parameters: A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FM) supplementation effects on oxidants and antioxidants are always controversial. Oxidative stress (OS) is one of the major mechanisms that contribute to the pathogenesis of several chronic diseases. The present systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to summarize the finding of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) examining the effects of omega-3 FM on OS markers. Five databases including PubMed, Embase, Scopus, Web of science, and Cochrane were searched up to May 5th, 2019 with no language restriction. RCTs included if they compared OS indices among subjects who received omega-3 FAs supplements and subjects who supplemented with placebo. To estimate the effects of omega-3 FM supplementation, standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were pooled using random effects model. Of 5,887 publications, 39 trials involving 2,875 participants were included for the meta-analysis. The pooled analysis of data indicated that omega-3 FAs significantly increased serum total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (SMD: 0.48, 95% CI: 0.23, 0.72, P < 0.001; I-2 = 60%), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) (SMD: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.30, 1.16, P = 0.001; I-2 = 83%) activity and decreased malondialdehyde (MDA) (SMD = -0.42, 95% CI: -0.62, -0.21; P < 0.001; I-2 = 74%) compared to the placebo group. However, the effects of omega-3 FM on nitric oxide (NO) (SMD: -0.17, 95% CI: -0.77, 0.43, P = 0.57; I-2 = 91%), reduced glutathione (GSH) (SMD = 0.23, 95% CI = -0.17, 0.64, P = 0.25; I-2 = 75%), superoxide dismutase (SOD) (0.12, 95% CI: -0.40, 0.65, P = 0.64; I-2 = 89%) and catalase (CAT) (0.16, 95% CI: -0.33, 0.65, P = 0.52; I-2 = 75%,) activities was not significant. Supplementation with omega-3 FM significantly improves MDA, TAC levels, and GPx activity. Thus, omega-3 FM can be mentioned as enhancer factors in antioxidant defense against reactive oxygen species (ROS).
Omega-3 fatty acids improve postprandial lipaemia in patients with nephrotic range proteinuria; Background: Patients with nephrotic range proteinuria have a marked increase in the risk of cardiovascular disease. Qualitative and quantitative changes in lipids and lipoproteins contribute to this increased risk with an abundance of atherogenic triglyceride (TG) rich apolipoprotein B containing lipoproteins. TG rich lipoproteins predominate postprandially and are associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oils have been shown to have beneficial effects on lipids and lipoproteins in patients without proteinuria.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on levels of methylarginines in patients with end-stage renal disease; Background: Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) have a very high mortality mainly caused by cardiovascular disease (CVD). It has been suggested that plasma concentrations of asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA), an endogenous nitric oxide synthase inhibitor, are markedly elevated in patients with ESRD. Elevation of ADMA is linked to CVD and an adverse prognosis. Supplementation with n-3 fatty acids has previously been shown to prevent CVD, but there is very little data regarding the effect of n-3 fatty acids on levels of ADMA.
Strategies to improve bioavailability of omega-3 fatty acids from ethyl ester concentrates; Purpose of review
Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients With Depression Have Low Blood Cell Membrane Omega-3 Fatty Acid Levels; Objective: To determine the extent to which levels of membrane eicosapentaenoic (EPA) +docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) (the omega-3 index) were associated with depression in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Depression is associated with worse cardiovascular (CV) outcomes in patients with ACS. Reduced levels of blood cell membrane omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs), an emerging risk factor for both CV disease and depression, may help to explain the link between depression and adverse CV outcomes. Methods: We measured membrane FA composition in 759 patients with confirmed ACS. The analysis included not only EPA and DHA but also the n-6 FAs linoleic and arachidonic acids (LA and AA). Depressive symptoms were measured with the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ). Multivariable linear regression was used to adjust for demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: There was a significant inverse relationship between the n-3 index and depressive symptoms (PHQ) in the fully adjusted model (p =.034). For every 4.54% point rise in the n-3 index, there was a I-point decline in depressive symptoms. In contrast to the n-3 FAs, membrane levels of the n-6 FAs LA and AA were not different between depressed and nondepressed ACS patients. Conclusion: We found an inverse relationship between the n-3 index and the prevalence of depressive symptoms in patients with ACS. Therefore, this study supports the hypothesis that reduced n-3 FA tissue levels are a common and potentially modifiable link between depression and adverse CV Outcomes.
Dietary Reference Intakes based on chronic disease endpoints: outcomes from a case study workshop for omega 3's EPAandDHA; Given the focus on developing Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs) based on chronic disease risk reduction and recent research for omega-3 long chain PUFA since the last DRI review, the Canadian Nutrition Society convened a panel of stake-holders for a 1-day workshop in late 2019. Attendees discussed the new NASEM guidelines for establishing DRI values based on chronic disease risk endpoints and the strength of current evidence for EPA and DHA as it relates to the new guidelines.
Cardiac physiology and clinical efficacy of dietary fish oil clarified through cellular mechanisms of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Reduced cardiac mortality and morbidity have long been observed in association with omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) from fish consumption, without clear physiological explanation. This review seeks to identify mechanisms of action based on evidence: of physiological effects, active components and effective intakes. Fish oil pleiotropic effects reveal actions that are either intrinsic: effects on cardiac function dependent upon membrane incorporation; or extrinsic: indirect cardiac effects through vascular disease. Extrinsic actions require EPA + DHA doses > 3 g/day. Intrinsic effects derive from usual dietary intakes, < 1 g/day and include improved myocardial oxygen efficiency, heart rate, nutritional preconditioning against ischaemic injury, arrhythmias and heart failure. Myocardial Na+ and K+ currents are non-selectively modulated by omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA to stabilise cells in vitro, but not by fish oil-induced membrane change. In contrast, cellular Ca2+ overload involved in ischaemic injury, arrhythmia and spontaneous pacemaker activity are modulated by both dietary fish oil and in vitro omega-3 LC-PUFA. A potential linking role of bioactive epoxy and hydroxy PUFA derivatives requires investigation. Omega-3 DHA predominates over EPA in population intake, is preferentially incorporated into myocardium and is selectively active in heart rate and arrhythmia modulation, but EPA predominates in clinical trials. Myocardial selectivity for DHA and independent intrinsic and extrinsic physiological mechanisms underpinning diverse clinical endpoints can explain some contradictory outcomes of clinical trials. Intrinsic modulation of intracellular Ca2+ handling provides a unifying physiologically plausible basis for intrinsic fish oil actions and insight to nutritional optimisation of cardiac function.
Importance of n-3 PUFA consumption during pregnancy: perception discrepancies between pregnant women and gynaecologists-obstetricians in Belgium; Objective n-3 PUFA during pregnancy have been subject to intense research interest, but also much controversy, creating a situation of confusion among patients and health-care providers. The present study was carried out to explore knowledge, attitude and practices regarding n-3 PUFA in two independent populations of pregnant women and gynaecologists-obstetricians in Belgium and to assess the relationship between the pregnant women's attributes and their n-3 PUFA status measured by the omega-3 index. Design Cross-sectional study. Knowledge, attitude and practices were collected by self-administered questionnaires while laboratory data were available for each pregnant woman. Setting During the first antenatal hospital appointment (for the pregnant women) and by email (for the gynaecologists-obstetricians). Participants Women in early pregnancy (n 122) and gynaecologists-obstetricians (n 67). Results Marked discrepancies in perception were evidenced between the pregnant women and health-care providers. While 82 % of the women attached high importance to n-3 PUFA during pregnancy, only a third of the gynaecologists-obstetricians did. About 35 % of the women declared paying particular attention to their consumption of n-3 PUFA. After adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics, these positive dietary practices were significantly associated with higher omega-3 index (P=0 center dot 04). Overall, 43 center dot 3 % of professionals did not provide any information about n-3 PUFA to their pregnant patients and 46 center dot 3 % did not take any preventive actions. Conclusions Evidence-based guidelines, refreshment training and communication tools are needed to improve awareness and clinical practices among caregivers regarding n-3 PUFA to benefit both mothers and their children.
Effect of an Indo-Mediterranean diet on progression of coronary artery disease in high risk patients (Indo-Mediterranean Diet Heart Study): a randomised single-blind trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Background The rapid emergence of coronary artery disease (CAD) in south Asian people is not explained by conventional risk factors. In view of card ioprotective effects of a Mediterranean style diet rich in alpha-linolenic acid, we assessed the benefits of this diet for patients at high risk of CAD.
Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Complications of Pregnancy and Maternal Risk Factors for Offspring Cardio-Metabolic Disease; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring.
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters do not improve clopidogrel associated P2Y12 inhibition in stroke patients; The specific action of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (OFA) in preventing cerebrovascular disease remains unknown, but research has demonstrated multiple possible mechanisms. In addition to altering lipid profiles, OFA may inhibit platelet aggregation. Clopidogrel inhibits platelets via the P2Y12 receptor. OFA may alter clopidogrel-associated platelet-inhibition via a possible combined effect on P2Y12 inhibition. To determine if OFA affects clopidogrel associated P2Y12 platelet receptor inhibition by comparing the percentage of responders in patients with cerebrovascular disease who were taking clopidogrel with or without OFA. We retrospectively reviewed data from adult patients with cerebrovascular disease or cerebral aneurysms and taking clopidogrel, who were seen at a single hospital between March 2010 to September 2011. We included 438 subjects in the study. For the 67 subjects who received loading doses of both clopidogrel and OFA, 71.6% had a P2Y12 inhibition response more than 20%, which is considered a positive response. For the 55 subjects who received just clopidogrel load, 67.2% of subjects were responders. There were 70.4% responders in the 274 subjects who were taking 75 mg of clopidogrel alone at home, and 73.8% responders in the 42 subjects who were taking both clopidogrel and OFA at home. However, these percentage differences were not statistically significant. This study did not find additional P2Y12 platelet inhibition when patients were given OFA, either given as a loading dose or taking it daily.
Associations of omega-3 fatty acids vs. fenofibrate with adverse cardiovascular outcomes in people with metabolic syndrome: propensity matched cohort study; Aims Omega-3 fatty acids and fenofibrates have shown some beneficial cardiovascular effects; however, their efficacy has not been compared. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of currently available omega-3 fatty acids and fenofibrate for reducing major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE).Methods and results From a nationwide population-based cohort in South Korea (2008-2019), individuals with metabolic syndrome (>= 30 years) who received statin with omega-3 fatty acids and those receiving statin with fenofibrate were matched by propensity score (n = 39 165 in both groups). The primary outcome was MACE, including ischaemic heart disease (IHD), ischaemic stroke (IS), and death from cardiovascular causes. The risk of MACE was lower [hazard ratio (HR), 0.79; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.74-0.83] in the fenofibrate group than in the omega-3 fatty acid group. Fenofibrate was associated with a lower incidence of IHD (HR, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.67-0.77) and hospitalization for heart failure (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.82-0.97), but not IS (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.81-1.00) nor death from cardiovascular causes (HR, 1.07; 95% CI, 0.97-1.17). The beneficial effect of fenofibrate compared to omega-3 fatty acids was prominent in patients with preexisting atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and those receiving lower doses of omega-3 fatty acids (<= 2 g per day).Conclusion In a real-world setting, fenofibrate use was associated with a lower risk of MACE compared with low-dose omega-3 fatty acids when added to statins in people with metabolic syndrome.
Impact of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in pregnancy on maternal health and birth outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis from randomized controlled trails; Background Maternal omega-3 consumption during pregnancy has been positively linked with a positive impact on maternal health and fetal growth. However, the results of individual studies are inconsistent and conflicting.
Stimulating the Resolution of Inflammation Through Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in COVID-19: Rationale for the <i>COVID-Omega-F</i> Trial; Infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). SARS-CoV-2 triggers an immune response with local inflammation in the lung, which may extend to a systemic hyperinflammatory reaction. Excessive inflammation has been reported in severe cases with respiratory failure and cardiovascular complications. In addition to the release of cytokines, referred to as cytokine release syndrome or "cytokine storm," increased pro-inflammatory lipid mediators derived from the omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid may cause an "eicosanoid storm," which contributes to the uncontrolled systemic inflammation. Specialized pro-resolving mediators, which are derived from omega-3 PUFA, limit inflammatory reactions by an active process called resolution of inflammation. Here, the rationale for omega-3 PUFA supplementation in COVID-19 patients is presented along with a brief overview of the study protocol for the trial "Resolving Inflammatory Storm in COVID-19 Patients by Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids - A single-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled feasibility study" (COVID-Omega-F). EudraCT: 2020-002293-28; : NCT04647604.
Fish Oil and Microalga Omega-3 as Dietary Supplements: A Comparative Study on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in High-Fat Fed Rats; Dietary supplementation with marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) can have beneficial effects on a number of risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We compared the effects of two n-3 PUFA rich food supplements (freeze-dried Odontella aurita and fish oil) on risk factors for CVD. Male rats were randomly divided into four groups of six animals each and fed with the following diets: control group (C) received a standard diet containing 7 % lipids; second group (HF high fat) was fed with a high-fat diet containing 40 % lipids; third group (HFFO high fat+fish oil) was fed with the high-fat diet supplemented with 0.5 % fish oil; and fourth group (HFOA high fat+O. aurita) received the high-fat diet supplemented with 12 % of freeze-dried O. aurita. After 8 weeks rats fed with the high-fat diet supplemented with O. aurita displayed a significantly lower bodyweight than those in the other groups. Both the microalga and the fish oil significantly reduced insulinemia and serum lipid levels. O. aurita was more effective than the fish oil in reducing hepatic triacyglycerol levels and in preventing high-fat diet-induced steatosis. O. aurita and fish oil also reduced platelet aggregation and oxidative status induced by high fat intake. After an OA supplementation, the adipocytes in the HFOA group were smaller than those in the HF group. Freeze-dried O. aurita showed similar or even greater biological effects than the fish oil. This could be explained by a potential effect of the n-3 PUFA but also other bioactive compounds of the microalgae.
ω-3 fatty acid-enriched parenteral nutrition shortens hospital stay in acute variceal bleeding cirrhotic patients; Acute variceal bleeding, a crucial complication of liver cirrhosis requires high energy expenditures but gastrointestinal bleeding limits enteral feeding in the acute stage. We investigated the safety and efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid-enriched parenteral nutrition in acute variceal bleeding patients. In this retrospective study, a total of 208 cirrhotic patients with acute variceal bleeding who underwent parenteral nutrition in the absence of enteral nutrition were enrolled. Among the patients, 86 patients received omega-3 fatty-acid-enriched parenteral nutrition. The primary endpoint was to evaluate the duration of hospital stay and the presence of clinical complications of liver cirrhosis. The mean age of the patients enrolled was 54.9 years-old and 185 patients (88.9%) were male. The cause of liver cirrhosis, Child-Pugh score and comorbidities were statistically not different. Patients with omega-3 enriched parenteral nutrition had a significantly lower systolic blood pressure and total bilirubin levels. The difference in the in-hospital mortality (P = .813) or rate of complications (P = .880) was not statistically significant. The duration of hospital stay was significantly shorter in the patients who underwent omega-3 fatty acid-enriched parenteral nutrition (10.7 +/- 7.3 vs 7.9 +/- 4.2 days, P = .001). In liver cirrhosis patients with acute variceal bleeding, omega-3 fatty acid-enriched parenteral nutrition significantly decreased the length of hospital stay. Further prospective studies to consolidate these findings are warranted.
Effects of <i>n</i>-3 PUFA on insulin resistance after an oral fat load; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of omega-3 PUFA (n-3 PUFA) on lipid profile and insulin resistance biomarkers. Patients were assigned to receive placebo or n-3 PUFA 1 g three times a day, during the meals, for 6 months. We evaluated: body mass index (BMI), body weight, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting plasma insulin (FPI), homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), blood pressure, lipid profile, resistin (r), retinol binding protein-4 (RBP-4), adiponectin (ADN), visfatin, and vaspin. Furthermore patients underwent an oral fat load (OFL) and an euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp to evaluate M value, and total glucose requirement (TGR). Triglycerides value obtained with n-3 PUFA was lower, while HDL-C, and ADN values were higher compared to placebo. After the OFL, and comparing the OFL performed at the baseline and at the end of the study, there was a decrease of triglycerides (Tg), resistin (r), and RBP-4 values, and an increase of ADN value with n-3 PUFA, but not with placebo. We conclude that the treatment with n-3 PUFA resulted in a greater improvement of lipid profile and ADN compared to placebo in a baseline condition, and an improvement of all insulin resistance parameters after an OFL.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Effects on Weight and Appetite in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: The Omega-3 Alzheimer's Disease Study; To study the effects of omega (Omega)-3 fatty acid (FA) supplements on weight and appetite in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD) in relation to inflammatory biomarkers and apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 (APOE epsilon 4).
Dietary fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; In 1991, the Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy produced a report on the dietary reference values for food energy and nutrients for groups of people in the United Kingdom. The resulting recommendations, which included specific limits for intakes of total, saturated, trans- and cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have remained a cornerstone of public health policy ever since, and similar recommendations have been adopted by the World Health Organization. These recommendations were made largely on the basis of specific effects of these fatty acids on the risk of developing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). The intervening years have seen a plethora of human epidemiological and intervention trials to further elucidate the specific relationship between dietary fatty acid intake, plasma lipids and lipoproteins and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. A number of recent meta-analyses and systematic reviews have revisited the role of specific dietary fatty acid classes and CVD risk. In general, these continue to support a link between saturated fatty acids (SFA) and CVD morbidity/mortality. They also highlight the potent adverse effects of trans fatty acids derived from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. The most recent data suggest that replacing SFA with cis-PUFA (primarily linoleic acid) has the greatest impact on reducing CVD risk. Evidence of specific beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA is generally stronger for secondary, rather than primary, CVD risk, and it is restricted to very long chain fatty acids of marine origin as opposed to alpha-linolenic acid. Taken together, these data suggest that recent focus on dietary n-6-to-n-3 PUFA ratios may have been misguided, and that future strategies should focus on replacing dietary SFA with total PUFA, rather than concentrating on n-6 : n-3 PUFA ratio.
Achieving optimal essential fatty acid status in vegetarians: current knowledge and practical implications; Although vegetarian diets are generally lower in total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol than are nonvegetarian diets, they provide comparable levels of essential fatty acids. Vegetarian, especially vegan, diets are relatively low in et-linolenic acid (ALA) compared with linoleic acid (LA) and provide little, if any, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Clinical studies suggest that tissue levels of long-chain n-3 fatty acids are depressed in vegetarians, particularly in vegans. n-3 Fatty acids have numerous physiologic benefits, including potent cardioprotective effects. These effects have been demonstrated for ALA as well as EPA and DHA, although the response is generally less for ALA than for EPA and DHA. Conversion of ALA by the body to the more active longer-chain metabolites is inefficient: <5-10% for EPA and 2-5% for DHA. Thus, total n-3 requirements may be higher for vegetarians than for nonvegetarians, as vegetarians must rely on conversion of ALA to EPA and DHA. Because of the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids, it is recommended that vegetarians make dietary changes to optimize n-3 fatty acid status.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for improving peripheral nerve health: protocol for a systematic review; Introduction Damage to peripheral nerves occurs in a variety of health conditions. Preserving nerve integrity, to prevent progressive nerve damage, remains a clinical challenge. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are implicated in the development and maintenance of healthy nerves and may be beneficial for promoting peripheral nerve health. The aim of this systematic review is to assess the effects of oral omega-3 PUFA supplementation on peripheral nerve integrity, including both subjective and objective measures of peripheral nerve structure and/or function.
Omega-3 fatty acids in cancer, the protectors of good and the killers of evil?; Omega-3 fatty acids have been implicated in cancer prevention and treatment. Conventional chemotherapeutics are considered "double-edged swords", as they kill the cancer cells but also strike the healthy cells causing severe morbidity and sometimes also mortality. Could omega-3 fatty acids in this setting work as a "sword and shield" instead, by being cytotoxic to cancer cells, but at the same time protect healthy cells from these deleterious effects? In addition, may our current diet with decreased omega-3/omega-6 ratio contribute to the increased cancer incidence, and could an omega-3 enriched diet be used as a preventive measure against cancer? Here, we seek answers to these questions by reviewing the effects of omega-3 fatty acids, particularly DHA, on various cancers with emphasis on a cancer of neural origin, neuroblastoma. Results from preventive and therapeutic animal as well as human studies together with mechanisms behind the observed toxicity are summarized. (C) 2010 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Delta-6-desaturase (FADS2) inhibition and omega-3 fatty acids in skeletal muscle protein turnover; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential dietary components. They are not only used for energy, but also act as signaling molecules. The delta-6 desaturase (D6D) enzyme, encoded by the FADS2 gene, is one of two rate limiting enzymes that convert the PUFA precursors - alpha-linolenic (n-3) and linoleic acid (n-6) to their respective metabolites. Alterations in the D6D enzyme activity alters fatty acid profiles and are associated with metabolic and inflammatory diseases including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Omega-3 PUFAs, specifically its constituent fatty acids DHA and EPA, are known for their anti-inflammatory ability and are also beneficial in the prevention of skeletal muscle wasting, however the mechanism for muscle preservation is not well understood. Moreover, little is known of the effects of altering the n-6/n-3 ratio in the context of a high-fat diet, which is known to downregulate protein synthesis. Twenty C57BL6 male mice were fed a high-fat lard (HFL, 45% fat (mostly lard), 35% carbohydrate and 20% protein, n-6:n-3 PUFA, 13:1) diet for 6 weeks. Mice were then divided into 4 groups (n = 5 per group): HFL- , high-fat oil- (HFO, 45% fat (mostly Menhaden oil), 35% carbohydrate and 20% protein, n-6:n-3 PUFA, 1:3), HFL + (HFL diet plus an orally administered FADS2 inhibitor, 100 mg/kg/day), and HFO + (HFO diet plus an orally administered FADS2 inhibitor, 100 mg/kg/day). After 2 weeks on their respective diets and treatments, animals were sacrificed and gastrocnemius muscle harvested. Protein turnover signaling were analyzed via Western Blot 4-EBP1 and ribosomal protein S6 expression were measured. A two-way ANOVA revealed no significant change in the phosphorylation of both 4EBP-1 and ribosomal protein S6 with diet or inhibitor. There was a significant reduction in STAT3 phosphorylation with the inhibition of FADS2 (p = 0.03). Additionally, we measured markers of protein degradation through levels of FOXO phosphorylation, ubiquitin, and LC3B expression; there was a trend towards increased phosphorylation of FOXO (p = 0.08) and ubiquitinated proteins (p = 0.05) with FADS2 inhibition. LC3B expression, a marker of autophagy, was significantly higher in the HFL plus FADS2 inhibition group from all other comparisons. Lastly, we analyzed activation of mitochondrial biogenesis which is closely linked with protein synthesis through PGC1-alpha and Cytochrome-C expression, however no significant differences were associated with either marker across all groups. Collectively, these data suggest that the protective effects of muscle mass by omega-3 fatty acids are from inhibition of protein degradation. Our aim was to determine the role of PUFA metabolites, DHA and EPA, in skeletal muscle protein turnover and assess the effects of n-3s independently. We observed that by inhibiting the FADS2 enzyme, the protective effect of n-3s on protein synthesis and proliferation was lost; concomitantly, protein degradation was increased with FADS2 inhibition regardless of diet.
A review of the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood triacylglycerol levels in normolipidemic and borderline hyperlipidemic individuals; Circulating levels of triacylglycerol (TG) is a recognized risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease, a leading cause of death worldwide. The Institute of Medicine and the American Heart Association both recommend the consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), to reduce serum TG in hyperlipidemic individuals. Additionally, a number of systematic reviews have shown that individuals with any degree of dyslipidemia, elevated serum TG and/or cholesterol, may benefit from a 20-30 % reduction in serum TG after consuming n-3 PUFA derived from marine sources. Given that individuals with serum lipid levels ranging from healthy to borderline dyslipidemic constitute a large portion of the population, the focus of this review was to assess the potential for n-3 PUFA consumption to reduce serum TG in such individuals. A total of 1341 studies were retrieved and 38 clinical intervention studies, assessing 2270 individuals, were identified for inclusion in the current review. In summary, a 9-26 % reduction in circulating TG was demonstrated in studies where >= 4 g/day of n-3 PUFA were consumed from either marine or EPA/DHA-enriched food sources, while a 4-51 % reduction was found in studies where 1-5 g/day of EPA and/or DHA was consumed through supplements. Overall, this review summarizes the current evidence with regards to the beneficial effect of n-3 PUFA on circulating TG levels in normolipidemic to borderline hyperlipidemic, otherwise healthy, individuals. Thus demonstrating that n-3 PUFA may play an important role in the maintenance of cardiovascular health and disease prevention.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Their Potential Role in Blood Pressure Prevention and Management; Omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish and fish oils appear to protect against coronary heart disease: their dietary intake is in fact inversely associated with cardiovascular disease morbidity/mortality in population studies. Recent evidence suggests that at least a part of this protective effect is mediated by a relatively small but significant decrease in blood pressure (BP) level. In fact, omega-3 PUFAs exhibit wide-ranging biological actions that include regulating both vasomotor tone and renal sodium excretion, partly competing with omega-6 PUFAs for common metabolic enzymes and thereby decreasing the production of vasoconstrictor rather than vasodilator and anti-inflammatory eicosanoids. PUFAs also reduce angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity, angiotensin II formation, Tumor Growth Factorbeta (TG-beta) expression, enhance endothelial nitric oxide (NO) generation and activate the parasympathetic nervous system. The final results are improved vasodilation and arterial compliance of both small and large arteries. Preliminary clinical trials involving normotensive and hypertensive dyslipidaemic patients, diabetics and elderly subjects, confirm this working hypothesis: 3 meta-analyses suggest that PUFAs are able to slightly, but significantly improve arterial hypertension. Future research will clarify if PUFA supplementation could improve the antihypertensive action of specific BP lowering drug classes and of statins.
Novel Approaches for Omega-3 Fatty Acid Therapeutics: Chronic Versus Acute Administration to Protect Heart, Brain, and Spinal Cord; This article reviews novel approaches for omega-3 fatty acid (FA) therapeutics and the linked molecular mechanisms in cardiovascular and central nervous system (CNS) diseases. In vitro and in vivo research studies indicate that omega-3 FAs affect synergic mechanisms that include modulation of cell membrane fluidity, regulation of intracellular signaling pathways, and production of bioactive mediators. We compare how chronic and acute treatments with omega-3 FAs differentially trigger pathways of protection in heart, brain, and spinal cord injuries. We also summarize recent omega-3 FA randomized clinical trials and meta-analyses and discuss possible reasons for controversial results, with suggestions on improving the study design for future clinical trials. Acute treatment with omega-3 FAs offers a novel approach for preserving cardiac and neurological functions, and the combinations of acute treatment with chronic administration of omega-3 FAs might represent an additional therapeutic strategy for ameliorating adverse cardiovascular and CNS outcomes.
Omega 3 fatty acids: biological activity and effects on human health; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have an important role in human diet, both for the prevention and the therapy of different pathologies. In this review, a critical evaluation of PUFAs dietary sources and biological functions in human organism has been done. In particular, the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in the improvement of the lipidic pattern and in the excitability of myocardium has been analyzed, and, therefore, their usefulness in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases and postinfarction arrhythmias. As PUFAs are precursors of prostaglandins and leucotriens, which are involved in phlogosis and immune response, a diet rich in fish oil reduces the production of PGE2 involved in many phlogosis events. Moreover, an increase in the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) intake leads to a reduction in the production of inflammatory cytokines (interleukin 1, 2, 6 and tumor necrosis factor); so, it is important to use omega-3 in chronic inflammatory diseases, as the rheumatoid arthritis. It seems that omega-3 could prevent the onset of hormone-dependent tumours (i.e. breast and prostatic cancer); in vitro observations, in fact, have shown that the PG of the series 2, derived from omega-6, have a carcinogenic action; instead, the anticancer effect of omega-3 could derive from their effect in antagonizing the formation of such PG; it can be useful, therefore, to increase the dietary omega-3/omega-6 ratio. Moreover, the effects of omega-3 on the anatomic and functional central nervous system development and of their possible therapeutical use in some psychiatric pathologies were evaluated.
Intake of Fish and Marine n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Previous epidemiological studies have investigated the association of fish and marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality risk. However, the results were inconsistent. The purpose of this meta-analysis is to quantitatively evaluate the association between marine n-3 PUFA, fish and CVD mortality risk with prospective cohort studies. A systematic search was performed on PubMed, Web of Science, Embase and MEDLINE databases from the establishment of the database to May 2021. A total of 25 cohort studies were included with 2,027,512 participants and 103,734 CVD deaths. The results indicated that the fish consumption was inversely associated with the CVD mortality risk [relevant risk (RR) = 0.91; 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.85-0.98]. The higher marine n-3 PUFA intake was associated with the reduced risk of CVD mortality (RR = 0.87; 95% CI: 0.85-0.89). Dose-response analysis suggested that the risk of CVD mortality was decreased by 4% with an increase of 20 g of fish intake (RR = 0.96; 95% CI: 0.94-0.99) or 80 milligrams of marine n-3 PUFA intake (RR = 0.96; 95% CI: 0.94-0.98) per day. The current work provides evidence that the intake of fish and marine n-3 PUFA are inversely associated with the risk of CVD mortality.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: Implications for Nutrigenetics; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) arises as a result of genetic predisposition in the context of a disease-promoting environment. While several risk factors have been identified for CVD, such as elevated serum lipid levels and hypertension, most of the genes identified thus far do not appear to involve such 'conventional' risk factors. Moreover, the interactions between genes and environment, such as a diet high in certain fats, adds another level of complexity to CVD and renders identification of the underlying genetic factors even more difficult. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as the omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids, which have multiple roles in membrane structure, lipid metabolism, blood clotting, blood pressure, and, in particular, inflammation, have been linked to the reduction in CVD. Linoleic (omega-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3) are essential fatty acids that can be converted into long-chain PUFAs, such as arachidonic acid (AA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), respectively. These long-chain PUFAs are metabolized by enzymatically catalyzed systems via cyclooxygenases and lipoxygenases. The 5-lipoxygenase (5-LO)/leukotriene (LT) biosynthesis pathway has been biochemically and genetically associated with CVD traits in mice and humans, particularly in the context of dietary AA and EPA/DHA. In this review, we summarize the biochemical metabolism of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs, evaluate the evidence for genetic and nutrigenetic contributions of 5-LO pathway genes to CVD, and discuss the potential of future studies that could identify other gene-dietary interactions between PUFAs and CVD traits. Copyright (c) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Cheese, omega-3 fatty acids, conjugated linoleic acid and human health; There is increasing evidence to support the contribution that cheese can make to an optimal healthy diet. Recent epidemiological studies have shown that communities living on a 'Mediterranean diet' have a significantly lower risk of death from cardiovascular disease and cancers. A significant component of that diet is of dairy origin, mainly as cheeses and/or yogurts. Components in dairy products that could be delivering health benefits include components of cheese fats: omega 3 fatty acids and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA). Significantly increased amounts of omega 3 long chain fatty acids (omega 3 LCFAs) in Greek eggs and dairy products over similar American products have been observed. We review here some of the evidence regarding the potential contribution of w3 fatty acids and CLA in dairy fat to disease prevention.
Endogenous ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Production Confers Resistance to Obesity, Dyslipidemia, and Diabetes in Mice; Despite the well-documented health benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), their use in clinical management of hyperglycemia and obesity has shown little success. To better define the mechanisms of omega-3 PUFAs in regulating energy balance and insulin sensitivity, we deployed a transgenic mouse model capable of endogenously producing omega-3 PUFAs while reducing omega-6 PUFAs owing to the expression of a Caenorhabditis elegans fat-1 gene encoding an omega-3 fatty acid desaturase. When challenged with high-fat diets, fat-1 mice strongly resisted obesity, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and hepatic steatosis. Endogenous elevation of omega-3 PUFAs and reduction of omega-6 PUFAs did not alter the amount of food intake but led to increased energy expenditure in the fat-1 mice. The requirements for the levels of omega-3 PUFAs as well as the omega-6/omega-3 ratios in controlling blood glucose and obesity are much more stringent than those in lipid metabolism. These metabolic phenotypes were accompanied by attenuation of the inflammatory state because tissue levels of prostaglandin E-2, leukotriene B4, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and TNF-alpha were significantly decreased. TNF-alpha-induced nuclear factor-kappa B signaling was almost completely abolished. Consistent with the reduction in chronic inflammation and a significant increase in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha activity in the fat-1 liver tissue, hepatic insulin signaling was sharply elevated. The activities of prolipogenic regulators, such as liver X receptor, stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1, and sterol regulatory element binding protein-1 were sharply decreased, whereas the activity of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha, a nuclear receptor that facilitates lipid beta-oxidation, was markedly increased. Thus, endogenous conversion of omega-6 to omega-3 PUFAs via fat-1 strongly protects against obesity, diabetes, inflammation, and dyslipidemia and may represent a novel therapeutic modality to treat these prevalent disorders.
Long term influence of regular intake of high dose n-3 fatty acids on CD40-ligand, pregnancy-associated plasma protein A and matrix metal loproteinase-9 following acute myocardial infarction; Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9), both zinc-binding endopeptidases, are abundantly expressed in ruptured and eroded plaques in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The adhesion molecule CD-40 ligand (CD40L), expressed on activated platelets and T-lymphocytes, can activate metalloproteinases and thereby promote plaque-rupture. N-3 fatty acids, through their anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic properties, might reduce the levels of these proatherosclerotic markers and thereby the development of ACS. 300 patients were randomized on day 4 to 6 following an acute myocardial infarction (MI) to receive either 4 g of n-3 fatty acids or a similar daily dose of corn oil for at least one year. We compared levels of PAPP-A, MMP-9 and sCD-40 L at baseline and 12 months in each group, and also looked for inter-group changes. In the omega-3 group, the median level of PAPP-A rose from 0.47 mU/l to 0.56 mU/l (p < 0.001). In the same group, sCD-40 L decreased from a mean baseline value of 5.19 ng/ml to 2.45 ng/ml (p < 0.001) and MMP-9 decreased nonsignificantly from 360.50 ng/ml to 308.00 ng/ml. Corresponding values for the corn oil group were 0.54 mU/l to 0.59 mU/l for PAPP-A (p = 0.007),5.27 ng/ml to 2.84 ng/ml for sCD-40 L (p < 0.001) and 430.00 ng/ml to 324.00 ng/ml for MMP-9 (p=ns), respectively. In conclusion; both interventions resulted in a significant rise in PAPP-A, a significant decrease in sCD40L and a non-significant decrease in MMP-9 after 12 months of treatment in MI survivors. No inter-group differences were noted.
Treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids does not improve endothelial function in patients with type 2 diabetes and very high cardiovascular risk: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (Omega-FMD); Background and aims: Numerous recent studies conducted in different clinical settings have focused on the benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. There is limited evidence that patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and very high cardiovascular risk can also benefit from a high dose of n-3PUFAs, especially those on optimal medical therapy as recommended by the guidelines. The aim of the present study was to assess the impact of high-dose n-3 PUFA treatment on endothelial function in patients with T2D and established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD).
Efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in managing overweight and obesity: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Studies in rodents and humans have indicated that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may reduce weight. The aim of this meta-analysis was to evaluate evidence for the efficacy of n-3 PUFA in managing overweight and obesity.
The triglyceride-lowering effects of a modest dose of docosahexaenoic acid alone versus in combination with low dose eicosapentaenoic acid in patients with coronary artery disease and elevated triglycerides; Background: Hypertriglyceridemia is a risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). The American Heart Association recommends 1000 mg of omega-3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), daily for cardioprotection and higher doses for triglyceride-lowering in patients with CAD.
Cardiovascular Diseases and Marine Oils: A Focus on Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Polar Lipids; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain the leading cause of death across the globe, hence, establishing strategies to counteract CVD are imperative to reduce mortality and the burden on health systems. Dietary modification is an effective primary prevention strategy against CVD. Research regarding dietary supplementation has become increasingly popular. This review focuses on the current in vivo, in vitro, and epidemiological studies associated with that of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and polar lipids (PLs) and how they play a role against CVD. Furthermore, this review focuses on the results of several major clinical trials examining n-3 PUFAs regarding both primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Notably, we place a lens on the REDUCE-IT and STRENGTH trials. Finally, supplementation of PLs has recently been suggested as a potential alternative avenue for the reduction of CVD incidence versus neutral forms of n-3 PUFAs. However, the clinical evidence for this argument is currently rather limited. Therefore, we draw on the current literature to suggest future clinical trials for PL supplementation. We conclude that despite conflicting evidence, future human trials must be completed to confirm whether PL supplementation may be more effective than n-3 PUFA supplementation to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Supplemental intravenous n-3 fatty acids and n-3 fatty acid status and outcome in critically ill elderly patients in the ICU receiving enteral nutrition; Background & aims: N-3 fatty acids (FA) may have benefits in ICU patients. The aims were to identify whether FA status is altered in critical illness and to evaluate the effect of supplemental intravenous n-3 FA on plasma FA status and clinical outcome in ICU patients receiving enteral nutrition.
Beneficial Effects of Omega-3 Supplement to the Enteral Feeding in Children With Mild to Moderate Sepsis; Objective: The objective was to investigate the benefits of supplementing enteral feeding with omega-3 fatty acids in children with mild to moderate sepsis and its effects on acute-phase reactants and interleukin 6 (IL-6) level. Methods: The study was a prospective randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study from January 2012 to June 2014, which included 2 groups of children with mild to moderate sepsis tolerating enteral feeding. Group A included 60 children supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids, whereas group B included 60 children who received enteral feeding without omega-3 supplementation. Both groups had complete blood pictures, C-reactive protein (CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), serum albumin, and IL-6 before and after 7 days from supplementation. Results: There was a significant improvement in hemoglobin percentage (P<.0001), total white blood cell (WBC) count (P<.0001), and platelet count (P<.0001) and significant decrease in CRP (P<.0001), ESR (P<.0001), IL-6 (P<.0001), and albumin level (P<.001) in the supplemented group than the nonsupplemented group. The supplemented group also had a significantly shorter duration of stay in pediatric intensive care unit (PICU; P<.01) and decreased death rate than the nonsupplemented group. Conclusion: Children with mild to moderate sepsis showed significant improvement in inflammatory markers and had shorter PICU admission when enteral feeding was supplemented with omega-3 essential fatty acids.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on major cardiovascular outcomes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of observational studies and randomized controlled trials; OBJECTIVE: Omega-3 fatty acids are commonly used as a lipid-lowering agent or dietary supplement for the purpose of prevention of cardiovascular diseases. However, even large-scale clinical trials have not shown significant results demonstrating clear clinical benefits in cardiovascular diseases. Thus, this umbrella review aims to summarize and evaluate the evidence of clinical effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes through comprehensive analyses of previous randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or observational cohort studies.
Promotion of prostatic metastatic migration towards human bone marrow stoma by Omega 6 and its inhibition by Omega 3 PUFAs; Epidemiological studies have shown not only a relationship between the intake of dietary lipids and an increased risk of developing metastatic prostate cancer, but also the type of lipid intake that influences the risk of metastatic prostate cancer. The Omega- 6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, Arachidonic acid, has been shown to enhance the proliferation of malignant prostate epithelial cells and increase the risk of advanced prostate cancer. However, its role in potentiating the migration of cancer cells is unknown. Here we show that arachidonic acid at concentrations <= 5 mu M is a potent stimulator of malignant epithelial cellular invasion, which is able to restore invasion toward hydrocortisone- deprived adipocyte- free human bone marrow stroma completely. This observed invasion is mediated by the arachidonic acid metabolite prostaglandin E-2 and is inhibited by the Omega- 3 poly- unsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid at a ratio of 1 : 2 Omega- 3 : Omega- 6, and by the COX- 2 inhibitor NS- 398. These results identify a mechanism by which arachidonic acid may potentiate the risk of metastatic migration and secondary implantation in vivo, a risk which can be reduced with the uptake of Omega- 3 poly- unsaturated fatty acids.
A comprehensive review of the health benefits of flaxseed oil in relation to its chemical composition and comparison with other omega-3-rich oils; Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum L) is an ancient perennial plant species regarded as a multipurpose plant owing to its richness in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) including a-linolenic acid (ALA). The extensive biochemical analysis of flaxseed resulted in the identification of its bioactive, i.e., lignans with potential application in the improvement of human health. Flaxseed oil, fibers, and lignans exert potential health benefits including reduction of cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, diabetes, cancer, arthritis, osteoporosis, and autoimmune and neurological disorders that have led to the diversification of flaxseed plant applications. This comprehensive review focuses on flaxseed oil as the major product of flaxseed with emphasis on the interrelationship between its chemical composition and biological effects. Effects reviewed include antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, anticancer, antiulcer, anti-osteoporotic, cardioprotective, metabolic, and neuroprotective. This study provides an overview of flaxseed oil effects with the reported action mechanisms related to its phytochemical composition and in comparison, to other PUFA-rich oils. This study presents the most updated and comprehensive review summarizing flaxseed oil's health benefits for the treatment of various diseases.
Prescription omega-3 fatty acid products: considerations for patients with diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome contribute to hypertriglyceridemia, which may increase residual risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with elevated triglyceride (TG) levels despite optimal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels with statin therapy. Prescription products containing the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are an effective strategy for reducing TG levels. This article provides an overview of prescription OM3FAs, including relevant clinical data in patients with T2DM and/or metabolic syndrome. Prescription OM3FAs contain either combinations of DHA and EPA (omega-3-acid ethyl esters, omega-3-carboxylic acids, omega-3-acid ethyl esters A) or EPA alone (icosapent ethyl). These products are well tolerated and can be used safely with statins. Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated that all prescription OM3FAs produce statistically significant reductions in TG levels compared with placebo; however, differential effects on LDL-C levels have been reported. Products containing DHA may increase LDL-C levels, whereas the EPA-only product did not increase LDL-C levels compared with placebo. Because increases in LDL-C levels may be unwanted in patients with T2DM and/or dyslipidemia, the EPA-only product should not be replaced with products containing DHA. Available data on the effects of OM3FAs in patients with diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome support that these products can be used safely in patients with T2DM and have beneficial effects on atherogenic parameters; in particular, the EPA-only prescription product significantly reduced TG, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, Apo B, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-sensitivity CRP levels without increasing LDL-C levels compared with placebo. Ongoing studies of the effects of prescription OM3FAs on cardiovascular outcomes will help determine whether these products will emerge as effective add-on options to statin therapy for reduction of residual cardiovascular disease risk.
Comparative analysis of the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for hypertriglyceridaemia management in Korea; What is known and objectiveThis study aimed to compare the ability of statin monotherapy (ST group), omega-3 fatty acid monotherapy (OM_A group) and combination therapy with omega-3 fatty acids and a statin (OM_S group), to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with hypertriglyceridaemia.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on endothelial function: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Inverse association was reported between omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) supplementation and the risk of cardiovascular disease. Identifying the effect of omega-3 FAs on endothelial function may contribute to explain the association. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess the effect of omega-3 FAs supplementation on endothelial function, as measured by flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and endothelium-independent vasodilation (EIV).
Omega-3 fatty acids in the psychological and physiological resilience against COVID-19; As the infected cases of COVID-19 reach more than 20 million with more than 778,000 deaths globally, an increase in psychiatric disorders including anxiety and depression has been reported. Scientists globally have been searching for novel therapies and vaccines to fight against COVID-19. Improving innate immunity has been suggested to block progression of COVID-19 at early stages, while omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been shown to have immunomodulation effects. Moreover, n-3 PUFAs have also been shown to improve mood disorders, thus, future research is warranted to test if n-3 PUFAs may have the potential to improve our immunity to counteract both physical and mental impact of COVID-19.
Impact of omega-3 fatty acids and/or plant sterol supplementation on non-HDL cholesterol levels of dyslipidemic Indian adults; Independent and combined effects of 2 g/d long chain omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) from fish oil (capsules) and 2 g/d plant sterol (yogurt drink) on LDL-C and non-HDL-C levels in Indian subjects were compared. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolemic (total cholesterol 5.0-8.0 mmol/l) adults (35-55 years) were randomized into one of four groups [(1) both placebo (2) active omega-3 (3) active plant sterol (4) both active] of a 2 x 2 factorial, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Blood samples were obtained before and after the 4-week intervention (n = 178). Lipid levels were analyzed using ANCOVA models with relevant baseline measurements as covariates; adjusted means were compared across groups. While plant sterols significantly lowered LDL-C (-4.5%; P = 0.017) and non-HDL-C (-7.9%; P = 0.0019) levels, omega-3 did not demonstrate any such impact. The combination resulted in 4.2% and 3.9% reduction (non-significant), respectively. Thus, the beneficial effects of the omega-3-PS combination on lipid levels demonstrated earlier (lowered triacylglycerols by 15%, increased HDL-C by 5.4%) in addition to the present findings could make this combination a useful alternative for lowering coronary heart disease risk in Indian adults. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids and ascorbic acid improve regenerative capacity of embryonic stem cell-derived cardiac lineage cells; One of the major issues in cell therapy of myocardial infarction (MI) is early death of engrafted cells in a harsh oxidative stress environment, which limits the potential therapeutic utility of this strategy in the clinical setting. Increasing evidence implicates beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and ascorbic acid (AA) in cardiovascular diseases, in particular their role in ameliorating fibrosis. In the current study, we aim to assess the cytoprotective role of EPA + DHA and AA in protecting embryonic stem cell (ESC)-derived cardiac lineage cells and amelioration of fibrosis. Herein, we have shown that preincubation of the cells with EPA + DHA + AA prior to H2O2 treatment attenuated generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and enhanced cell viability. Gene expression analysis revealed that preincubation with EPA + DHA + AA followed by H2O2 treatment, upregulated heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) along with cardiac markers (GATA4, myosin heavy chain, alpha isoform [MYH6]), connexin 43 [CX43]) and attenuated oxidative stress-induced upregulation of fibroblast markers (vimentin and collagen type 1 [Col1]). Alterations in gene expression patterns were followed by marked elevation of cardiac troponin (TNNT2) positive cells and reduced numbers of vimentin positive cells. An injection of EPA + DHA + AA-pretreated ESC-derived cardiac lineage cells into the ischemic myocardium of a rat model of MI significantly reduced fibrosis compared to the vehicle group. This study provided evidence that EPA + DHA + AA may be an appropriate preincubation regimen for regenerative purposes. (c) 2019 BioFactors, 45(3):427-438, 2019
Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: Metabolism and health implications; Recently, omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs) have gained substantial interest due to their specific structure and biological functions. Humans cannot naturally produce these fatty acids (FAs), making it crucial to obtain them from our diet. This comprehensive review details n-3 LC-PUFAs and their role in promoting and maintaining optimal health. The article thoroughly analyses several sources of n-3 LC-PUFAs and their respective bioavailability, covering marine, microbial and plant-based sources. Furthermore, we provide an in-depth analysis of the biological impacts of n-3 LC-PUFAs on health conditions, with particular emphasis on cardiovascular disease (CVD), gastrointestinal (GI) cancer, diabetes, depression, arthritis, and cognition. In addition, we highlight the significance of fortification and supplementation of n-3 LC-PUFAs in both functional foods and dietary supplements. Additionally, we conducted a detailed analysis of the several kinds of n-3 LC-PUFAs supplements currently available in the market, including an assessment of their recommended intake, safety, and effectiveness. The dietary guidelines associated with n-3 LC-PUFAs are also highlighted, focusing on the significance of maintaining a well-balanced intake of n-3 PUFAs to enhance health benefits. Lastly, we highlight future directions for further research in this area and their potential implications for public health.
The effect of omega 3 in human health and considerations to its intake; For some years a boom in the field of nutrition related to the beneficial effect of consuming omega-3 fatty acids to human health has taken place. Currently, we can find a variety of supplements in capsules with omega 3 with or without vitamins, minerals and other substances, as well as several foods fortified with omega 3. Many of the scientific research shows that eating certain doses of these fatty acids may have a beneficial effect on diseases like lupus erythematosus, diabetes mellitus type 2, cancer, atherosclerosis, hyperlipidemia, metabolic syndrome, and others. Due to the strength of its beneficial effect on cardiovascular disease different international associations issued recommendations for consumption. However, these recommendations, there are some considerations arising from current studies by eating them. So this review aims to give an update on the issue and make account possible disputes arising from the use thereof.
EPILEPSY AND SUDDEN UNEXPECTED DEATH IN EPILEPSY? Eat more fish! A group hypothesis; Epilepsy is the commonest serious neurological disorder and individuals with epilepsy are at higher risk of death than the general population and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) is the most important direct epilepsy-related cause of death. Potential pathomechanisms for SUDEP are unknown, but it is very probable that cardiac arrhythmias during and between seizures play a potential role. The ultimate goal of SUDEP research is to develop methods to prevent it and nutritional aspects such as omega-3 fatty acid deficiency may have an interesting role in this scenario. Omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of cardiovascular mortality and are important for treating or preventing some neurological diseases, including epilepsy. A dietary modification or nutritional supplements increasing the ingestion of omega-3 fatty acids may help to "save the brain".
Membrane Level of Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid Is Associated with Severity of Obstructive Sleep Apnea; Background: Patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a major component of neural tissues, and supplementation with fish oils improves autonomic tone and reduces risk for CVD. A link between low DHA status and less mature sleep patterns was observed in newborns.
Effect of Addition of a Mixture of Ethyl Esters of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid of Linseed Oil to Liquid Feed on Performance and Health of Dairy Calves; Simple Summary Although there has been significant progress in management practices for the rearing of dairy calves in many countries in the last two decades, still the mortality and morbidity rates are unacceptably high. This study aimed to determine the effect of supplementing liquid feeds with a mixture of ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acid of linseed oil (EEPUFA) on feed intake, body weight gain, feed efficiency, and health of dairy calves. We found better starter intake, dry matter intake, daily body weight gain, and a lower percentage of days with diarrhea relative to the number of days receiving treatment in the EEPUFA group than the control group. Overall, there is quite promising impact of EEPUFA on the growth performance and health of dairy calves.Abstract This study aimed to determine the effect of supplementing liquid feeds with a mixture of ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acid of linseed oil (EEPUFA; alpha-linolenic acid-64.5%, linoleic acid-16.1%, and oleic acid-19.4%) on feed intake, body weight gain, feed efficiency, and health of dairy calves. Thirty-six healthy female Holstein-Friesian calves (7 d of age, 41.2 +/- 4.0 kg) were assigned to one of two treatment groups (18 calves per group), i.e., control or EEPUFA, and fed liquid feed (whole milk (WM) or milk replacer (MR)) either without or with 10 mL/d of EEPUFA supplementation, respectively, for 56 days (till 63 d of age). Average daily intake of WM and MR was similar between treatments (p = 0.94). Average daily total DM intake and average daily starter feed DM intake were higher for the EEPUFA group (p = 0.05 and p = 0.01, respectively). The average daily body weight gain was also higher for the EEPUFA group (55 g/d; p = 0.03), although final body weight turned out not to be significantly different between groups (75.6 kg vs. 79.0 kg, control vs. EEPUFA, respectively; p = 0.20). Supplementation of liquid feeds with EEPUFA did not affect feed efficiency (p = 0.37) and most of investigated health parameters. However, the percentage of days with diarrhea relative to the number of days receiving treatment was higher in the control group than the EEPUFA group (76 vs. 42, respectively; p = 0.04). Although the results of this preliminary study are promising, further research is needed to establish the dose effect of EEPUFA on the performance and health of calves.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction as a chronic inflammatory state: Is there a role for omega-3 fatty acid treatment?; Coronary microvascular dysfunction is a ubiquitous pathologic process that is operational in ischemia with no obstructive coronary artery disease and other cardiovascular disorders including heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. It may, in fact, be a manifestation of a multi-systemic condition of small vessel dysfunction that also affects the brain and kidneys. While the pathophysiology driving coronary microvascular dysfunction is multifactorial, chronic inflammation plays an important role. Resolution of inflammation is an active process mediated, in part, by a family of locally active mediators biosynthesized from omega-3 fatty acids, collectively referred to as specialized pro-resolving mediators. Omega-3 fatty acid treatment modulates inflammation and is associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes and attenuation of plaque progression on cardiovascular imaging. Whether omega-3 fatty acid treatment attenuates coronary microvascular dysfunction is unknown.
Consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids, fish, and nuts and risk of inflammatory disease mortality; Background: n-3 (omega-3) Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), fish, and nuts can regulate inflammatory processes and responses.
Differential Effects of Trans and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Ischemia/ Reperfusion Injury and its Associated Cardiovascular Disease States; Fatty acids have an important role in providing energy for sustained contractile activity and viability of the heart. However, considerable evidence now supports a role for fatty acids in the modulation of cardiovascular pathology as well. This may be beneficial or detrimental due to the structural differences in the various fatty acids. Polyunsaturated fatty acids appear to provide important protection to the heart during ischemic reperfusion challenge. Conversely, trans fatty acids are thought to mediate detrimental cardiac effects. Potentially pathological features of ischemic cardiomyocytes may be manifested as qualitative findings in studies of myocardial infarction and atherosclerosis. These general conclusions, however, are complicated by opposing effects that different fatty acids have even within the same group (i. e. n-6 versus n-3 fatty acids within the polyunsaturated fatty acids group, and industrial versus ruminant trans fats). Understanding more about how these fatty acid species alter ischemic myocardial injury is an increasingly attractive area of research. The identification of further targets of fatty acid interactions has great potential to provide valuable information for the modulation of cardiovascular disease.
Omega-3 carboxylic acids monotherapy and combination with statins in the management of dyslipidemia; The 2013 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines on cholesterol management placed greater emphasis on statin therapy given the well-established benefits in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Residual risk may remain after statin initiation, in part because of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein cholesterol. Several large trials have failed to show benefit with non-statin cholesterol-lowering medications in the reduction of cardiovascular events. Yet, subgroup analyses showed a benefit in those with hypertriglyceridemia and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, a high-risk pattern of dyslipidemia. This review discusses the benefits of omega-3 carboxylic acids, a recently approved formulation of omega-3 fatty acid with enhanced bioavailability, in the treatment of dyslipidemia both as monotherapy and combination therapy with a statin.
Plant-based foods and prevention of cardiovascular disease: an overview; Evidence from prospective cohort studies indicates that a high consumption of plant-based foods such as fruit and vegetables, nuts, and whole grains is associated with a significantly lower risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. The protective effects of these foods are probably mediated through multiple beneficial nutrients contained in these foods, including mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids, n-3 fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, fiber, and plant protein. In dietary practice, healthy plant-based diets do not necessarily have to be low in fat. Instead, these diets should include unsaturated fats as the predominant form of dietary fat (eg, fats from natural liquid vegetable oils and nuts), whole grains as the main form of carbohydrate, an abundance of fruit and vegetables, and adequate n-3 fatty acids. Such diets, which also have many other health benefits, deserve more emphasis in dietary recommendations to prevent chronic diseases.
Omega-3 index is directly associated with a healthy red blood cell distribution width; Low red blood cell (RBC) membrane content of EPA and DHA, i.e., the omega-3 index (O3I), and elevated RBC distribution width (RDW) are risk factors for all-cause mortality. O3I and RDW are related with membrane fluidity and deformability. Our objective was to determine if there is a relationship between O3I and RDW in healthy adults. Subjects without inflammation or anemia, and with values for O3I, RDW, high-sensitivity Creactive protein (CRP), body mass index (BMI), age and sex were identified (n = 25,485) from a clinical laboratory dataset of 0.00066) being especially steep in females with O3I <= 5.6%. In healthy adults of both sexes, the data suggested that an O3I of 5.6% may help maintain normal RBC structural and functional integrity.
Treatment of Chinese Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia with a Pharmaceutical-Grade Preparation of Highly Purified Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters: Main Results of a Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled Trial; Introduction: The lipid-modifying potential of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in Chinese patients is under-researched. We conducted a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel-group study of twice-daily treatment with OMACOR (OM3EE), a prescription-only formulation of highly purified ethyl esters of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in Chinese adult patients (>= 18 years) who had elevated baseline fasting serum triglycerides (TG).
Fat-1 transgenic mice rich in endogenous omega-3 fatty acids are protected from lipopolysaccharide-induced cardiac dysfunction; Aims Cardiac malfunctions developing in result of sepsis are hard to treat so they eventually contribute to the increased mortality. Previous reports indicated for therapeutic potential of exogenous omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in sepsis, but potential benefits of this compound on the malfunctional heart have not been explored yet. In the present study, we investigated whether the constantly elevated levels of endogenous omega-3 PUFA in transgenic fat-1 mice would alleviate the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced cardiac failure and death.
Cardiovascular Diseases, Depression Disorders and Potential Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and depressive disorders (DD) are two of the most prevalent health problems in the world. Although CVD and depression have different origin, they share some common pathophysiological characteristics and risk factors, such as the increased production of proinflammatory cytokines, endothelial dysfunction, blood flow abnormalities, decreased glucose metabolism, elevated plasma homocysteine levels, oxidative stress and disorder in vitamin D metabolism. Current findings confirm the common underlying factors for both pathologies, which are related to dramatic dietary changes in the mid-19th century. By changing dietary ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids from 1: 1 to 15-20: 1 some changes in metabolism were induced, such as increased pro-inflammatory mediators and modulations of different signaling pathways following pathophysiological response related to both, cardiovascular diseases and depressive disorders.
Health Benefits, Food Applications, and Sustainability of Microalgae-Derived N-3 PUFA; Today's consumers are increasingly aware of the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA in preventing, delaying, and intervening various diseases, such as coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes, inflammatory and autoimmune disorders, neurodegenerative diseases, depression, and many other ailments. The role of n-3 PUFA on aging and cognitive function is also one of the hot topics in basic research, product development, and clinical applications. For decades, n-3 PUFA, especially EPA and DHA, have been supplied by fish oil and seafood. With the continuous increase of global population, awareness about the health benefits of n-3 PUFA, and socioeconomic improvement worldwide, the supply chain is facing increasing challenges of insufficient production. In this regard, microalgae have been well considered as promising sources of n-3 PUFA oil to mitigate the supply shortages. The use of microalgae to produce n-3 PUFA-rich oils has been explored for over two decades and some species have already been used commercially to produce n-3 PUFA, in particular EPA- and/or DHA-rich oils. In addition to n-3 PUFA, microalgae biomass contains many other high value biomolecules, which can be used in food, dietary supplement, pharmaceutical ingredient, and feedstock. The present review covers the health benefits of n-3 PUFA, EPA, and DHA, with particular attention given to the various approaches attempted in the nutritional interventions using EPA and DHA alone or combined with other nutrients and bioactive compounds towards improved health conditions in people with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease. It also covers the applications of microalgae n-3 PUFA in food and dietary supplement sectors and the economic and environmental sustainability of using microalgae as a platform for n-3 PUFA-rich oil production.
From Inuit to implementation: Omega-3 fatty acids come of age; During the past 25 years, the cardiovascular effects of marine omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids have been the subject of increasing investigation. In the late 1970s, epidemiological studies revealed that Greenland Inuits had substantially reduced rates of acute myocardial infarction compared with Western control subjects. These observations generated more than 4500 studies to explore this and other effects of omega-3 fatty acids on human metabolism and health. From epidemiology to cell culture and animal studies to randomized controlled trials, the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids are becoming recognized. These fatty acids, when incorporated into the diet at levels of about 1g/d, seem to be able to stabilize myocardial membranes electrically, resulting in reduced susceptibility to ventricular dysrhythmias, thereby reducing the risk of sudden death, The recent GISSI (Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio delta Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto miocardico)-Prevention study of 11,324 patients showed a 45% decrease in risk of sudden cardiac death and a 20% reduction in all-cause mortality in the group taking 850 mg/d of omega-3 fatty acids. These fatty acids have potent anti-inflammatory effects and may also be antiatherogenic, Higher doses of omega-3 fatty acids can lower elevated serum triglyceride levels; 3 to 5 g/d can reduce triglyceride levels by 30% to 50%, minimizing the risk of both coronary heart disease and acute pancreatitis. This review summarizes the emerging evidence of the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of coronary heart disease.
The Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Stroke; Stroke is the third commonest cause of death following cardiovascular diseases and cancer. In particular, in recent years, the morbidity and mortality of stroke keep remarkable growing. However, stroke still captures people attention far less than cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Past studies have shown that oxidative stress and inflammation play crucial roles in the progress of cerebral injury induced by stroke. Evidence is accumulating that the dietary supplementation of fish oil exhibits beneficial effects on several diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, and cancer. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), the major component of fish oil, have been found against oxidative stress and inflammation in cardiovascular diseases. And the potential of n-3 PUFAs in stroke treatment is attracting more and more attention. In this review, we will review the effects of n-3 PUFAs on stroke and mainly focus on the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects of n-3 PUFAs.
Phytosterols and Omega 3 Supplementation Exert Novel Regulatory Effects on Metabolic and Inflammatory Pathways: A Proteomic Study; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains one of the major causes of death and disability worldwide. In addition to drug treatment, nutritional interventions or supplementations are becoming a health strategy for CVD prevention. Phytosterols (PhyS) are natural components that have been shown to reduce cholesterol levels; while poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), mainly omega-3 (! 3) fatty acids, have shown to reduce triglyceride levels. Here we aimed to investigate whether the proteins in the main lipoproteins (low density lipoproteins (LDL) and high density lipoproteins (HDL)) as well as proteins in the lipid free plasma fraction (LPDP) were regulated by the intake of PhyS-milk or omega 3-milk, in overweight healthy volunteers by a proteomic based systems biology approach. The study was a longitudinal crossover trial, including thirty-two healthy volunteers with body mass index (BMI) 25-35 kg/m(2) (Clinical Trial: ISRCTN78753338). Basal samples before any intervention and after 4 weeks of intake of PhyS or omega 3-milk were analyzed. Proteomic profiling by two dimensional electrophoresis (2-DE) followed by mass spectrometry-(MALDI/TOF), ELISA, Western blot, conventional biochemical analysis, and in-silico bioinformatics were performed. The intake of PhyS-milk did not induce changes in the lipid associated plasma protein fraction, whereas ! 3-milk significantly increased apolipoprotein (Apo)-E LDL content (p = 0.043) and induced a coordinated increase in several HDL-associated proteins, Apo A-I, lecitin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT), paraoxonase-1 (PON-1), Apo D, and Apo L1 (p < 0.05 for all). Interestingly, PhyS-milk intake induced a reduction in inflammatory molecules not seen after omega 3-milk intake. Serum amyloid P component (SAP) was reduced in the LPDP protein fraction (p = 0.001) of subjects taking PhyS-milk and C-C motif chemokine 2 (CCL2) expression detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis in white blood cells was significantly reduced (p = 0.013). No changes were observed in the lipid-free plasma proteome with omega 3-milk. Our study provides novel results and highlights that the PhyS-milk induces attenuation of the pro-inflammatory pathways, whereas omega 3-milk induces improvement in lipid metabolic pathways.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Apoptosis of Human Gastric Epithelial Cells Exposed to Silica-Immobilized Glucose Oxidase; Oxidative stress plays a critical role in apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells. Omega-3 fatty acids show anti-inflammatory and/or anticancer effects and regulate apoptosis in various cells. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether omega-3 fatty acids inhibit oxidative stress-induced apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells. The cells received oxidative stress caused by silica-immobilized glucose oxidase acting on beta-D-glucose and cultured in the absence or presence of a-linolenic acid or docosahexanoic acid. Viable cell numbers, levels of H2O2 in the medium, DNA fragmentation, and protein levels of p53 and Bax were determined. As a result, silica-immobilized glucose oxidase acting on beta-D-glucose consistently and reproducibly produced H2O2, which decreased cell viability and increased DNA fragmentation of the cells. Omega-3 fatty acids inhibited oxidative stress-induced cell death, DNA fragmentation, and induction of p53 and Bax of the cells. The silica-immobilized glucose oxidase could be a useful tool for studies on oxidative stress-induced cellular events because it is reusable and forms a stable enzyme system acting on glucose. Omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial for preventing oxidative stress-induced apoptosis by inhibiting apoptotic gene expression and DNA fragmentation of gastric epithelial cells.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation increases 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D and fetuin-A levels in dialysis patients; Vitamin D deficiency, low levels of fetuin-A, and fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) are related to vascular calcification, which is associated with cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that omega-3 fatty acid (FA), which has cardioprotective properties, modifies vitamin D status, fetuin-A, and FGF-23 levels in dialysis patients. In a randomized, open-label, controlled study, a total of 47 patients treated with dialysis for at least 1 year were randomized to treatment for 6 months with omega-3 FAs (Omacor, 3 g/d; Pronova, Sandefjord, Norway) or a control group. Levels of fetuin-A and FGF-23 were measured by enzyme-linked immunoassay, 25-hydroxyvitamin D and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D were measured by radioimmunoassay. The mean age of the enrolled patients was 57.4 +/- 10.4 years, and mean dialysis duration was 46.5 +/- 28.1 months. Twenty-seven hemodialysis patients and 16 peritoneal dialysis patients finished this trial. After 6 months, the levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D and fetuin-A were significantly increased in the group taking the omega-3 FA supplement compared with baseline. Levels of calcium, phosphorous, parathyroid hormone, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, FGF-23, and lipid profiles were not significantly changed in the omega-3 FA-supplemented group after 6 months compared with baseline. The erythrocyte membrane contents of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid were significantly increased, and oleic acid content was significantly decreased in the omega-3 FA-supplemented group after 6 months compared with baseline. Regarding vascular calcification and cardiovascular disease, omega-3 FA supplementation may have a clinical benefit caused by activating vitamin D, increasing fetuin-A levels, and modifying erythrocyte membrane FA contents in dialysis patients. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Supplementation of Omega 3 during Pregnancy and the Risk of Preterm Birth: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Preterm birth (PTB) is a major cause of neonatal death and long-term consequences for the newborn. This review aims to update the evidence about the potential benefit of pharmacological supplementation with omega 3 fatty acids during pregnancy on the incidence of PTB. The Medline, Embase, Cochrane Library and Central databases were searched until 28 June 2020 for RCTs in which omega 3 supplementation was used versus placebo to reduce PTB risk. Data from 37 trials were analyzed. We found an 11% reduction in PTB risk (RR(risk ratios), 0.89; 95% CI (confidence intervals), 0.82 to 0.97) in trials using omega 3 supplements versus placebo. Regarding early PTB (ePTB), there was a 27% reduction in the risk of ePTB (RR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.58 to 0.92). However, after sensitivity analyses, there were no significant differences in PTB and ePTB risk (PTB RR, 0.92; 95% CI, 0.83 to 1.01, ePTB RR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.61 to 1.09). We conclude that omega 3 supplementation during pregnancy does not reduce the risk of PTB and ePTB. More studies are required to determine the effect of omega 3 supplementations during pregnancy and the risk of detrimental fetal outcomes.
Omega-3 Fish Oil Reduces Mortality Due to Severe Sepsis with Acute Gastrointestinal Injury Grade III; Background: Sepsis plays an important role in acute gastrointestinal injury (AGI). Our research was designed to determine the effects of omega-3 fish oil (FO) in patients suffering from severe sepsis combined with AGI III, and the ability of FO to modulate immune function. Methods: Seventy-eight patients diagnosed with severe sepsis with AGI III and a need for mechanical ventilation were randomized to two groups. In the FO group, 50 g of long chain fatty acid soybean oil (n = 6) and 10 g of FO (n = 3) were administered as total parenteral nutrition (TPN). The control group was treated with 50 g of long chain fatty acid soybean oil without addition of FO to TPN. Results: At baseline, there were no significant differences between the two groups. The 60-day mortality was lower in the FO group. Multiple factor logistic regression analysis revealed that intra-abdominal pressure (IAP) and abdominal infection were correlated with the FO intervention. The patients with abdominal infection demonstrated a lower mortality rate, fewer CD3 T lymphocytes, and fewer helper/inducer T lymphocytes in the FO group compared with the control group. After 7 days, the Marshall Score was lower in the FO group than in the control group. Conclusion: FO has positive effects in terms of improving the long-term prognosis of patients with severe sepsis with AGI III. Patients with a high IAP and abdominal infection might experience greater benefit from FO. This effect might be due, in part, to immunomodulation.
Dietary fish and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake and cancer survival: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Fish and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been suggested to play a role in improving cancer prognosis. However, results from epidemiological studies remain inconsistent. Here we assess the association between dietary fish and/or omega-3 PUFAs intake and cancer prognosis with meta-analysis of observational studies. A systematic search of related publications was performed using PubMed and Web of Science databases. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were extracted and then pooled using a random-effect model. Potential linear and non-linear dose-response relationships were explored using generalized least squares estimation and restricted cubic splines. As a result, 21 cohort studies were included in our analysis. Compared to the lowest category, the highest category of fish intake was associated with a significant lower mortality in patients with ovarian cancer (n = 1, HR = 0.74, 95% CI: 0.57-0.95) and overall cancer (n = 12, HR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.81-0.94). Marine omega-3 PUFAs intake rather than total omega-3 PUFAs intake showed significant protective effects on survival of overall cancer (n = 8, HR = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.71-0.94), in particular prostate cancer (n = 2, HR = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.46-0.82). Dose-response meta-analysis indicated a nonlinear and a linear relationship between fish intake, as well as marine omega-3 PUFAs intake, and overall cancer survival, respectively. In conclusion, our analysis demonstrated a protective effect of dietary fish and marine omega-3 PUFAs consumption on cancer survival.
Effect of fish and fish oil-derived omega-3 fatty acids on lipid oxidation; There is evidence that omega-3 (omega3) fatty acids derived from fish and fish oils reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease via mechanisms underlying atherosclerosis, thrombosis and inflammation. Despite these benefits, there has been concern that these fatty acids may increase lipid peroxidation. However, the in vivo data to date are inconclusive, due in part to limitations in the methodologies. In this regard, our findings using the measurement of F-2-isoprostanes, a reliable measure of in vivo lipid peroxidation and oxidant stress, do not support adverse effects of omega3 fatty acids on lipid peroxidation.
The omega-3 fatty acid, DHA, decreases neuronal cell death in association with altered zinc transport; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the major polyunsaturated fatty acid in neuronal cell membranes. We hypothesize that DHA induces a decrease in neuronal cell death through reduced ZnT3 expression and zinc uptake. Exposure of M17 cells to DHA-deficient medium increased the levels of active caspase-3, relative to levels in DHA-replete cells, confirming the adverse effects of DHA deficiency in promoting neuronal cell death. In DHA-treated M17 cells, zinc uptake was 65% less and ZnT3 mRNA and protein levels were reduced in comparison with DHA-depleted cells. We propose that the neuroprotective function of DHA is exerted through a reduction in cellular zinc levels that in turn inhibits apoptosis. (C) 2009 Federation of European Biochemical Societies. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of ω-3 PUFA-Rich Oil Supplementation on Cardiovascular Morphology and Aortic Vascular Reactivity of Adult Male Rats Submitted to an Hypercholesterolemic Diet; Simple Summary Currently, processed and ultraprocessed foods represent a significant component of the diet of modern societies, increasing the risk of developing obesity, diabetes and atherosclerosis. Therefore, replacing saturated fats with mono- and polyunsaturated fats, such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), has been considered as a dietary strategy to reduce clinical events related to atherosclerosis. In the present study, the effects of 56-day omega-3 PUFA-rich oil supplementation on liver function, lipid profile, and oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic rats were investigated, as well as its impact on cardiovascular health. Interestingly, we observed a positive effect in reducing hepatic markers, preserving cardiovascular morphology, and increasing vasodilator responsiveness. These findings contribute to the generation of consistent recommendations for the therapeutic use of omega-3 PUFAs in the treatment of atherosclerosis, leading to a consequent reduction in related morbidity and mortality. Atherosclerosis is a cardiovascular disease associated with abnormalities of vascular functions. The consumption of mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids can be considered a strategy to reduce clinical events related to atherosclerosis. In the present study, we investigated the effects of supplementation with 310 mg of omega-3 PUFAs (2:1 eicosapentaenoic/docosahexaenoic acids) for 56 days on rats with hypercholesterolemia induced by a diet containing cholesterol (0.1%), cholic acid (0.5%), and egg yolk. Serum biochemical parameters were determined by the enzymatic colorimetric method. Assessment of vascular effects was performed by analysis of histological sections of the heart and aortic arch stained with hematoxylin and eosin and vascular reactivity of the aorta artery. We observed that treatment with omega-3 PUFAs did not promote alterations in lipid profile. On the other hand, we documented a favorable reduction in liver biomarkers, as well as contributions to the preservation of heart and aortic arch morphologies. Interestingly, the vascular reactivity of rat thoracic aortic preparations was improved after treatment with omega-3 PUFAs, with a decrease in hyperreactivity to phenylephrine and increased vasorelaxation promoted by acetylcholine. Our findings suggest that the supplementation of hypercholesterolemic rats with omega-3 PUFAs promoted improvement in liver and vascular endothelial function as well as preserving heart and aortic tissue, reinforcing the early health benefits of omega-3 PUFAs in the development of atherosclerotic plaque and further related events.
Replacing Saturated Fat With Walnuts or Vegetable Oils Improves Central Blood Pressure and Serum Lipids in Adults at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease: A Randomized Controlled-Feeding Trial; Background-Walnuts have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors, but it is unclear whether these effects are attributable to the fatty acid (FA) content, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and/or bioactives.
THE EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS ON BLOOD HOMOCYSTEINE LEVEL IN TYPE 2 DIABETIC PATIENTS; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes is regarded as serious condition for both the individual and the society. Its rapidly increasing global prevalence is a significant cause for concern. One of the most important reasons of mortality in diabetic patients is atherosclerosis. Many epidemiologic studies have shown that the total homocysteine concentration is a risk indicator for cardiovascular disease. Studies have shown that its concentration is increased considerably in diabetes mellitus. Epidemiological data indicate that the consumption of omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids (n-3FA) leads to a reduction in cardiovascular disorders and may protect against metabolic diseases. In recent years, many have studied omega-3 fatty acids but still, it cannot be used as an additive. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of omega 3 on homocysteine in type 2 diabetic patients.
Red blood cell fatty acid patterns from 7 countries: Focus on the Omega-3 index; Red blood cell (RBC) fatty acid (FA) patterns are becoming recognized as long-term biomarkers of tissue FA composition, but different analytical methods have complicated inter-study and international comparisons. Here we report RBC FA data, with a focus on the Omega-3 Index (EPA + DHA in% of total FAs in RBC), from samples of seven countries (USA, Canada, Italy, Spain, Germany, South Korea, and Japan) including 167,347 individuals (93% of all samples were from the US). FA data were generated by a uniform methodology from a variety of interventional and observational studies and from clinical laboratories. The cohorts differed in size, demographics, health status, and year of collection. Only the Canadian cohort was a formal, representative population-based survey. The mean Omega-3 Index of each country was categorized as desirable (> 8%), moderate (> 6% to 8%), low (> 4% to 6%), or very low (<= 4%). Only cohorts from Alaska (treated separately from the US), South Korea and Japan showed a desirable Omega-3 Index. The Spanish cohort had a moderate Omega-3 Index, while cohorts from the US, Canada, Italy, and Germany were all classified as low. This study is limited by the use of cohorts of convenience and small sample sizes in some countries. Countries undertaking national health status studies should utilize a uniform method to measure Omega-3 FA levels.
Identification of quantitative trait loci controlling linolenic acid concentration in PI483463 (<i>Glycine soja</i>); The QTLs controlling alpha-linolenic acid concentration from wild soybean were mapped on nine soybean chromosomes with various phenotypic variations. New QTLs for alpha-linolenic acid were detected in wild soybean.
Inflammatory bowel disease: can omega-3 fatty acids really help?; Adjuvants to the traditional therapy of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) have been studied to enhance the efficacy of the treatment and improve patients' quality of life. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3FA) have been associated with attenuation of the inflammatory responses in IBD, possibly acting as substrates for anti-inflammatory eicosanoid production, similar to prostaglandins and leukotrienes. omega 3FA also act as substrates for the synthesis of resolvins, maresins and protectins, indispensable in resolving inflammation processes. These acids may influence the development or course of IBD by: reducing oxidative stress, production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and proinflammatory cytokines; working as chemopreventive agents; and decreasing the expression of adhesion molecules. There are numerous controversies in the literature on the effects of omega 3FA in the prevention or treatment of IBD, but their effects in reducing inflammation is incontestable. Therefore, more studies are warranted to elucidate the pathophysiological mechanisms and establish the recommended daily intake to prevent or induce remission in IBD patients.
Reduction of in-hospital mortality and improved secondary prevention after acute myocardial infarction: first results from the Registry of Secondary Prevention after Acute Myocardial Infarction (SAMI); Background and objective: In hospital mortality of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) has been reduced due to the availability of better therapeutic strategies. But there is still a gap between mortality rates in randomised trials and daily clinical practice. Thus, it was aim of the present registry to document the course and outcome of patients with AMI and to improve patient care by implementing recent guidelines.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation is associated with favorable outcomes in patients with sepsis: an updated meta-analysis; Objectives
Nutritional intervention to reduce the <i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 fatty acid ratio increases adiponectin concentration and fatty acid oxidation in healthy subjects; Background/Objectives: Consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has a favourable impact on inflammation and cardiovascular disease. However, the Western diet is characterized by a low n-3 PUFA intake and an imbalance in the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. Study the effect 10-week of diet modification to decrease the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio on cardiovascular risk factors and resting energy expenditure.
Cardiovascular effects of milk enriched with ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins E and B6 in volunteers with mild hyperlipidemia; OBJECTIVE: Results from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials have indicated that consumption of omega-3 fatty acids, oleic acid, and folic acid have beneficial effects on health, including decreased risk of cardiovascular disease. We evaluated the combined effects of these nutrients through the consumption of milk enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid, vitamins E and B6, and folic acid on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in volunteers with mild hyperlipidemia.
Do elevated blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids modify effects of particulate air pollutants on fibrinogen?; Previously, we found short-term increases in ambient particulate matter (PM) air pollutant concentrations were associated with increased serum fibrinogen levels in patients with cardiac disease. We now studied whether high blood levels of omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids blunted this fibrinogen response to increased PM concentrations in these same patients. Plasma fibrinogen and omega-3 fatty acid levels (% of total identified fatty acids) were measured in blood samples collected from 135 patients treated at the University of Rochester Medical Center for myocardial infarction or stable ischemic heart disease requiring cardiac catheterization. Using ambient measurements of ultrafine, accumulation mode, and fine particles (PM2.5), Delta-C, and black carbon (BC), we regressed serum fibrinogen levels against pollutant concentrations over the previous 1-96 h, using interaction terms to estimate these associations separately for those with HIGH (> 5.12%) and LOWMED serum levels of omega-3 fatty acid (<= 5.12%). Each 5.6 mu g/m(3) increase in PM2.5 concentration in the previous hour was associated with a 3.1% increase in fibrinogen (95% CI = 1.5%, 4.7%) in those subjects with LOWMED total omega-3 fatty acid levels, but only a 0.9% increase (95% CI = - 1.5%, 3.2%) in patients with HIGH total omega-3 fatty acid levels. This same pattern was observed with fish oil-derived docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids but not alpha-linolenic (from plant oil or seeds). A similar finding was observed with BC in the prior 24 h, but not other PM. Thus, increased blood levels of fish-based omega-3 fatty acids attenuated increases in fibrinogen associated with short-term increases in ambient PM.
Dietary uptake of omega-3 fatty acids in mouse tissue studied by time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS); Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids is associated with considerable health benefits, including the prevention of metabolic disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, incorporation of the main omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), at the systemic level has been found to be more efficient when these fatty acids are supplied in the form of marine phospholipids compared to triglycerides. In this work, the uptake of omega-3 fatty acids and their incorporation in specific lipids were studied in adipose, skeletal muscle, and liver tissues of mice given high-fat diets with or without omega-3 supplements in the form of phospholipids or triglycerides using time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS). The results demonstrate significant uptake of EPA and DHA, and the incorporation of these fatty acids in specific lipid molecules, in all three tissue types in response to the dietary omega-3 supplements. Moreover, the results indicate reduced concentrations of arachidonic acid (AA) and depletion of lipids containing AA in tissue samples from mice given supplementary omega-3, as compared to the control mice. The effect on the lipid composition, in particular the DHA uptake and AA depletion, was found to be significantly stronger when the omega-3 supplement was supplied in the form of phospholipids, as compared to triglycerides. TOF-SIMS was found to be a useful technique for screening the lipid composition and simultaneously obtaining the spatial distributions of various lipid classes on tissue surfaces.
ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids might be useful to prevent and treat depression in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims: Evidence strongly suggests that depression is more common in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, depression is underdetected and there is considerable room to improve the effectiveness of pharmacological antidepressant agents, as in only 50-60% of the depressed subjects with diabetes does pharmacotherapy lead to remission of depression. The aim of the present paper was to review whether polyunsaturated, fatty acids (PUFA) of the omega-3 family could be used for the prevention and treatment of depression in Type 2 diabetes. Methods: Medline database and published reference,;lists were used to identify studies that examined the associations between omega-3 PUFA and depression. To examine potential side-effects, such as on glycaemic control, studies regarding the use of omega-3 supplements in Type 2 diabetes were also reviewed. Results: Epidemiological: and clinical studies suggest that a high intake of c omega-3 PUFA protects against the development of depression. There is also some evidence that a low intake of w-3 is associated with an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes, but the results ! are less conclusive. Results from randomized controlled i trials in non-diabetic subjects with major depression show that eicosapentaenoic acid is an effective adjunct treatment of depression, while docosahexanoic acid is not. Moreover, consumption of omega-3 PUFA reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and may therefore indirectly decrease depression in Type 2 diabetes, via the reduction of cardiovascular complications. Conclusions: Supplementation with omega-3 PUFA, in particular eicosapentaenoic acid, maybe a safe and helpful tool to reduce the incidence of depression and to treat depression in Type 2 diabetes. Further studies are now justified to test these hypotheses in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid on gene expression of the critical enzymes involved in homocysteine metabolism; Background: Previous studies showed that plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) was negatively associated with plasma homocysteine (Hcy).
Nutritional Support with Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Burn Patients: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: In burn patients, the profound effect of nutritional support on improved wound healing and a reduced rate of hospitalization and mortality has been documented. Fish oil as a primary source of omega-3 fatty acids in nutritional support may attenuate the inflammatory response and enhance immune function; however, unclear effects on the improvement of clinical outcomes in burn patients remain. Methods: The systematic literature review was conducted by searching the electronic databases: Cochrane Library, PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Scopus to assess the randomized controlled trials of nutritional support with omega-3 fatty acids compared to control diets in patients that presented with burns from any causes. Results: Seven trials were included in this meta-analysis. We found no significant differences in length of stay (LOS) (p = 0.59), mortality (p = 0.86), ventilation days (p = 0.16), gastrointestinal complications-e.g., constipation and diarrhea (p = 0.73)-or infectious complications-e.g., pneumonia and sepsis (p = 0.22)-between the omega-3-fatty-acid-receiving group and the control/other diets group. Conclusions: We did not find a benefit of omega-3 support in reducing the various complications, mortality and LOS in burn patients. Further studies are necessary to find the effect of nutritional support with omega-3 fatty acids over low-fat diets in this population.
The therapeutic potential of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives: The pharmacologic approach to disease management has not (as of yet) demonstrated safety and efficacy in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). The current article introduces the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-omega 3s), and reviews the evidence and mechanisms by which their increased intake or supplementation may ameliorate NAFLD.
Omega-3 fatty acids and mood disorders; Objective: This article is an overview of epidemiological and treatment studies suggesting that deficits in dietary-based omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may make an etiological contribution to mood disorders and that supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids may provide a therapeutic strategy.
Assessment of the Effect of Sorafenib on Omega-6 and Omega-3 Epoxyeicosanoid Formation in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a leading cause of cancer death. The multikinase inhibitor sorafenib is widely used for systemic therapy in advanced HCC. Sorafenib might affect epoxyeicosanoids, as it is also a potent inhibitor of the soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH), which catalyzes the conversion of epoxides derived from long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as arachidonic acid (AA) and omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), into their corresponding diols. Experimental studies with AA-derived epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) showed that they can promote tumor growth and metastasis, while DHA-derived 19,20-epoxydocosapentaenoic acid (19,20-EDP) was shown to have anti-tumor activity in mice. In this pilot study, we assessed the effect of sorafenib treatment on the presence of lipid mediators, such as EETs, in blood of the patients with HCC using the lipidomics technology. We found a significant increase in 11,12-EET and 14,15-EET levels in HCC patients treated with sorafenib. Furthermore, while not significant in this small sample set, the data presented indicate that sorafenib can also increase the level of omega-3 DHA-derived 19,20-EDP. While the effect on EETs might hamper the anti-tumor effect of sorafenib, we hypothesize that supplementation of DHA in sorafenib-treated HCC patients could increase the level of 19,20-EDP and thereby enhance its anti-tumor effect.
Fish and omega-3 fatty acid intake and risk of coronary heart disease in women; Context Higher consumption of fish and omega-3 fatty acids has been associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease (CND) in men, but limited data are available regarding women.
On the essential role of omega-3 fatty acids in psychiatry; Objective
Intake of fish and long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart mortality in men and women; This prospective study investigated the relationship between the consumption of fish and intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart mortality in 2775 men and 2445 women aged from 30 to 79 years who were free of CHD and had participated in a health examination survey from 1967 to 1972. In total, 335 men and 163 women died of CHD during a follow-up until the end of 1992. A dietary history interview method provided data on habitual consumption of fish and other foods over the preceding year at baseline. The intakes of long-chain n-3 fatty acids were calculated on the basis of food composition values of Finnish foods. Higher consumption of fish was associated with a decreased risk of CHD among women, whereas no significant association was seen among men. The relative risk between the highest and the lowest quintile for fish consumption was 1.00 (95 % CI 0.70, 1.43; P for trend 0.83) for men and 0.59 (95 % CI 0.36, 0.99; P for trend 0.02) for women in analysis adjusting for age, energy intake, geographical area, BMI, serum cholesterol, blood pressure, smoking, occupation and diabetes; however, after adjustment for dietary confounders this association was no longer significant. The intake of n-3 fatty acids was not significantly associated with the risk of CHD in either men or women. In conclusion, our results for women are in line with the suggested protective effect of fish consumption against CHD but a similar association was not, however, found in men.
Treatment of mixed hyperlipidaemia using a combination of omega-3 fatty acids and HMG CoA reductase inhibitor; Serum triglycerides tend to be particularly strong predictors of coronary risk. A meta-analysis of 17 population-based prospective studies indicates that after adjustment for high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, a 1 mmol.l(-1) increase in serum triglyceride level was associated with a 4% increase in risk in men and 37% in women. There is also evidence to indicate that serum triglyceride levels greater than 1-5 mmol.l(-1) are associated with the presence of the more atherogenic small and dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction. Many patients who develop coronary heart disease (CHD) have both hypercholesterolaemia and hypertriglyceridaemia. When diet is improved hypertriglyceridaemia up to 4 mmol.l(-1) is often corrected, so that many of these patients can be managed on a statin alone. In some patients, however, and particularly those with genetic disorders such as familial combined hyperlipidaemia and the rarer remnant hyperlipidaemia (type III hyperlipoproteinaemia), the hyperlipidaemia responds poorly to lifestyle changes. In many patients with mixed hyperlipidaemia lipid-lowering monotherapy often produces improvement in serum cholesterol level, but not in serum triglyceride level or vice versa. One strategy is to use a combination of a statin and a fibrate in high-risk patients with mixed hyperlipidaemia. While effective, this combination increases the possibility of abnormal biochemical liver function tests and myalgia.
Critical Differences Between Dietary Supplement and Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acids: A Narrative Review; Introduction Currently available omega-3 (OM-3) fatty acid products in the US are either nonprescription dietary supplements (e.g., fish oils) or prescription (Rx) medications. As such, we aimed to describe critical therapeutic differences among the OM-3 fatty acids, focusing on differences between fish oil supplements and Rx OM-3s. Methods A narrative review of known papers salient to this topic was conducted. Results Despite the multiple purported clinical benefits, the published evidence for OM-3 dietary supplements is generally insufficient, inconsistent, or negative. Rx OM-3 products are indicated as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglycerides (TG) in adults with severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG >= 500 mg/dl). Recently, the Rx eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-only OM-3, icosapent ethyl, demonstrated cardiovascular (CV) risk reduction among statin-treated patients at high risk of CV disease in a large CV outcomes trial (CVOT), and is now also indicated as an adjunct to maximally tolerated statin therapy to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization, and unstable angina requiring hospitalization in adult patients with elevated TG (>= 150 mg/dL) and established CVD or diabetes mellitus and >= 2 additional risk factors for CVD. In contrast to the rigorous regulatory standards for safety, efficacy, and manufacturing of medications (whether Rx or over the counter), the Food and Drug Administration manages dietary supplements as food. Issues specific to OM-3 dietary supplements include variable content, labeling inconsistencies, and poor product quality/impurity. Given these issues, OM-3 dietary supplements should not be substituted for Rx OM-3 products. The efficacy of the EPA-only Rx OM-3 product in a large CVOT cannot be extrapolated to other OM-3 products. Conclusion Consumers and health care providers need to recognize critical differences between Rx and OM-3 dietary supplements to ensure appropriate use of each OM-3 product.
Diminished omega-3 fatty acids are associated with carotid plaques from neurologically symptomatic patients: Implications for carotid interventions; The omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are prevalent in fish oil and their cardioprotective effects are thought to be mediated by anti-inflammatory mechanisms. The aim of this study is to determine whether omega-3 fatty acids are associated with carotid plaques from neurologically symptomatic patients. Plaques were obtained from 41 patients (mean age 62 [44-84]; 24-asymptomatic, 17-symptomatic). Intra-plaque lipids were assessed with mass spectrometry. Compared to asymptomatic patients, significantly diminished omega-3 fatty acids DHA (545.8 +/- 98 ng/g vs. 270.7 +/- 19.6 ng/g, p = 0.0096) and EPA (385.9 +/- 68 ng/g vs. 216.4 +/- 17.6 ng/g, p = 0.0189) were found in carotid plaques from neurologically symptomatic patients. However, no differences were found in the levels of the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid (p = 0.2003). Immunohistochemistry and ELISA analysis (CD68(+) cells, 0.461 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.312 +/- 0.03, p = 0.003) demonstrated an increased inflammatory infiltrate in plaques from neurologically symptomatic, compared to asymptomatic, patients. Carotid plaques from neurologically symptomatic patients are inflammatory and have decreased intra-plaque levels of omega-3 fatty acids. Future trials will determine whether interventions that increase omega-3 fatty acid incorporation into carotid plaques prevent stroke and improve the safety of carotid interventions. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fish, ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and mortality from cardiovascular diseases in a nationwide community-based cohort of Japanese men and women -: The JACC (Japan Collaborative Cohort Study for Evaluation of Cancer Risk) study; Objectives The objective of our study was to test the hypothesis that fish or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intakes would be inversely associated with risks of mortality from ischemic heart disease, cardiac arrest, heart failure, stroke, and total cardiovascular disease.
Parenteral supplementation with EPA/DHA omega-3 fatty acids improves recovery prognosis in critically ill patients; Introduction: the decision to supplement total parenteral nutrition (TPN) with emulsions of omega-3 (omega 3) eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosa-hexaenoic (DHA) fatty acids (FA) of marine origin is based on the clinical benefits obtained in different medical situations and surgical procedures, among which reductions in hospital stay, days of mechanical ventilation, incidence of infections and mortality stand out. However, the evidence in critically ill patients remains contradictory.Objective: the objective of this clinical trial was to analyze the effect of supplementation with EPA/DHA omega 3 FAs on clinical prognostic markers -medical, nutritional and biochemical- in critically ill patients, relating to outcome.Method: a clinical, controlled, randomized, single-center trial in 64 critically ill adult patients, of which 47 patients were randomized to receive TPN supplemented with EPA/DHA omega 3 FAs in doses of 0.1 g/kg/day (n = 23) and 0.2 g/kg/day (n = 24), compared with a historical control group with TPN without supplementation (n = 17). Clinical prognosis markers were determined at baseline and at the end of nutritional support (medical, nutritional and biochemical). Results: the two groups with supplementation showed a statistically significant reduction in mortality (p < 0.005); the clinical prognostic markers SOFA, APACHE II, SAPS 3, NUTRIC, RTL and CRS were consistent in showing a significant improvement (p < 0.005), of prognosis with doses of 0.1 and 0.2 g/kg/day of EPA/DHA omega 3 FAs, respectively.Conclusion: supplementation of parenteral nutrition with EPA/DHA omega 3 fatty acids at doses of 0.1 g and 0.2 g/kg/day improves recovery prognosis and the probability of survival in critically ill patients.
Baroreflex sensitivity and central hemodynamics after omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in an animal model of menopause; Objective: Baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) and central arterial function are significantly worsened after menopausal transition. This study tested the hypothesis that administration of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) might contribute to prevent these adverse changes in the vascular function of ovariectomized rats, an animal model of experimental menopause.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease; There is a large body of evidence supporting beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids for both primary and secondary prevention of cardiac disease in people. However, evidence is increasing for the use of omega-3 fatty acids in dogs with cardiac disease as well. Omega-3 fatty acids' anti-inflammatory and anti-arrhythmic effects may be beneficial in managing the loss of lean body mass and arrhythmias that are common in heart failure. However, omega-3 fatty acids also may have positive effects on myocardial energy metabolism, endothelial function, heart rate and blood pressure, and immune function. Additional research is needed to determine optimal indications, doses and formulations for dogs and cats with cardiac disease.
Fish and long-chain ω-3 fatty acid intake and risk of coronary heart disease and total mortality in diabetic women; Background-Although several prospective cohort studies have found an inverse association between fish consumption and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) or sudden cardiac death in the general population, limited data are available among diabetic patients.
Omega-3 fatty acids: a comprehensive review of their role in health and disease; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) are essential fatty acids with diverse biological effects in human health and disease. Reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality is a well-established benefit of their intake. Dietary supplementation may also benefit patients with dyslipidaemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, obesity, inflammatory diseases, neurological/neuropsychiatric disorders and eye diseases. Consumption of omega-3 FAs during pregnancy reduces the risk of premature birth and improves intellectual development of the fetus. Fish, fish oils and some vegetable oils are rich sources of omega-3 FAs. According to the UK Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition guidelines ( 2004), a healthy adult should consume a minimum of two portions of fish a week to obtain the health benefit. This review outlines the health implications, dietary sources, deficiency states and recommended allowances of omega-3 FAs in relation to human nutrition.
An Increase in the Omega-6/Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Increases the Risk for Obesity; In the past three decades, total fat and saturated fat intake as a percentage of total calories has continuously decreased in Western diets, while the intake of omega-6 fatty acid increased and the omega-3 fatty acid decreased, resulting in a large increase in the omega-6/omega-3 ratio from 1:1 during evolution to 20:1 today or even higher. This change in the composition of fatty acids parallels a significant increase in the prevalence of overweight and obesity. Experimental studies have suggested that omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids elicit divergent effects on body fat gain through mechanisms of adipogenesis, browning of adipose tissue, lipid homeostasis, brain-gut-adipose tissue axis, and most importantly systemic inflammation. Prospective studies clearly show an increase in the risk of obesity as the level of omega-6 fatty acids and the omega-6/omega-3 ratio increase in red blood cell (RBC) membrane phospholipids, whereas high omega-3 RBC membrane phospholipids decrease the risk of obesity. Recent studies in humans show that in addition to absolute amounts of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acid intake, the omega-6/omega-3 ratio plays an important role in increasing the development of obesity via both AA eicosanoid metabolites and hyperactivity of the cannabinoid system, which can be reversed with increased intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). A balanced omega-6/omega-3 ratio is important for health and in the prevention and management of obesity.
Basic mechanisms behind the effects of n-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular disease; The epidemiological association between high intakes of n-3 fatty acids (FA) and decreased morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular disease (CVD) can be explained by two main basic mechanisms: (a) an effect on atherothrombosis, and (b) an effect on cardiac arrhythmias. These mechanisms probably reflect different beneficial influences of n-3 FA on cardiovascular biology. Effects on atherothrombosis include the modulation of the expression of pro-atherogenic genes (e.g., endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecules, inflammatory cytokines and cyclooxygenase (COX)-2) and the hepatic synthesis of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), and are slow in onset, requiring incorporation into cell membrane phospholipids, and usually doses in humans in the order of 3g/day or higher. Effects on cardiac arrhythmias include complex interactions with ion channels (sodium, potassium and calcium channels), typically requiring the presence of free FA in extracellular fluids and usually occurring with lower doses (around 1 g/day) of nutritional or pharmacological intake. We have focused most of our research effort in unraveling the pathophysiological background of protection by n-3 FA from atherothrombosis. As the result of incorporation of n-3 FA in the sn-2 position predominantly of the phosphatidyl ethanolamine pool in the inner leaflet of the plasma membrane, n-3 FA appear on the one hand to increase the production of bioactive lipid mediators (protectins and resolvins) affecting cytokine-induced signal transduction; and on the other hand to directly interfere with the generation of reactive oxygen species (mostly hydrogen peroxide), directly responsible for the activation of the transcription factor nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B, which controls the expression of a variety of pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic genes, including those encoding for interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, IL-8, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)alpha, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), E-selectin, and COX-2. The upstream-direct or indirect-inhibition of cytokine- and other atherogenic trigger-induced signaling pathway may involve interference with the activation of protein kinase (PK) C isoforms and NADP(H) oxidase. Such interference may also explain the blunt anti-inflammatory effect of n-3 FA in many experimental models and clinical conditions of inflammation. All together, these mechanisms may provide an integrated view of how n-3 FA may affect CVD. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Opinion of the Scientific Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies on a request from the Commission related to nutrition claims concerning omega-3 fatty acids, monounsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat and unsaturated fat (Request N<SUP>o</SUP> EFSA-Q-2004-107) (adopted on 6 July 2005); The European Commission has requested EFSA to issue an opinion on the scientific substantiation of nutrition claims relating to omega-3 fatty acids, mono-unsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat and unsaturated fat. In this context EFSA was asked to review the scientific merits of the following proposed claims and advise on their addition to the Annex of the Regulation on the use of nutrition and health claims on foods proposed by the Commission in July 2003.
Introduction of ω-3 Desaturase Obviously Changed the Fatty Acid Profile and Sterol Content of <i>Schizochytrium</i> sp.; omega-3 fatty acids play significant roles in brain development and cardiovascular disease prevention and have been widely used in food additives and the pharmaceutical industry. The aim of this study was to assess the feasibility of omega-3 desaturase for regulating fatty acid composition and sterol content in Schizochytrium sp. The exogenous omega-3 desaturase gene driven by ubiqutin promoter was introduced by 18S homologous sequence to the genome of Schizochytrium sp. Genetically modified strains had greater size and lower polar lipids than wild type strains. In addition, the introduction of omega-3 desaturase improved the omega-3/omega-6 ratio from 2.1 to 2.58 and converted 3% docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Furthermore, squalene and sterol contents in lipid of the genetically modified strain reduced by 37.19 and 22.31%, respectively. The present study provided an advantageous genetically engineered Schizochytrium sp. for DHA production and effective metabolic engineering strategy for fatty acid producing microbes.
Coronary heart disease:: How do the benefits of ω-3 fatty acids compare with those of aspirin, alcohol/red wine, and statin drugs?; At the present time the primary cause of death of most Americans is cardiovascular disease. Approximately 20 million Americans are currently being treated with some form of statin drugs as a means to lower their blood cholesterol levels, and many of these same people also consume some combination of omega-3 FA, aspirin, and alcohol/red wine because of clinical data indicating that each of these, taken alone, seems to improve mortality. Recent studies with omega-3 FA have demonstrated a positive impact on mortality from coronary heart disease as well as from "all causes," and this article compares their metabolic benefits with those of aspirin, alcohol/red wine, and statin drugs. The article suggests that these four compounds may have synergistic qualities and that clinical trials to study this possibility are warranted.
Impaired Fetal Growth and Arterial Wall Thickening: A Randomized Trial of Omega-3 Supplementation; OBJECTIVES: Impaired fetal growth is an independent cardiovascular risk factor and is associated with arterial wall thickening in children. No preventive strategy has been identified. We sought to determine whether dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation during early childhood prevents the association between impaired fetal growth and carotid arterial wall thickening.
The importance of ω-3 series fatty acids in marine fish larvae nutrition and recent developments; TIn general, marine fish larvae require omega-3 HUFA, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Larval growth, survival and larval activity are affected by dietary levels of essantial fatty acids. Some pathological signs, such as abnormal pigmentation, hydrops etc. and low feed conversion efficiency, poor growth, mass mortality are related to omega-3 HUFA series fatty acids deficiency in larvae food. EPA/DHA ratio in live foods or microencapsuled diets is an important factor in larval development and survival.
Dietary flaxseed: what we know and don't know about its effects on cardiovascular disease; Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum) is composed of a unique combination of bioactive components that appear to generate, through either an isolated or a synergistic action, a significant beneficial effect on the cardiovascular system. With a significant increase in the generation of data on the dietary impact of flaxseed on the cardiovascular system, a review of where we stand-what we know and what we still need to understand about these effects on the heart and the vasculature-was thought to be of value and the rationale for this paper. For example, although we now know how to deliver the bioactives most efficiently (oil versus ground seed versus whole seed), we do not know how different foods can influence that delivery. Further, we know flaxseed has anti-arrhythmic, anti-atherogenic, anti-hypertensive, and cholesterol-lowering actions in animal studies and some selected human trials but much more needs to be learned, particularly in human trials. These results have justified further commitment of resources to the initiation of human trials. Because of the impact of nutrition on many chronic diseases, this may not only be true for the effects of flaxseed on cardiovascular disease but may be just as relevant for many other disease conditions.
The global availability of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; Objectives: To assess the validity of FAO data on the availability of fish and vegetable oils as an indicator of national n-3 fatty acid (FA) intake and to estimate the worldwide population living in countries with low n-3 FA intake.
(n-3) Fatty Acid Content of Red Blood Cells Does Not Predict Risk of Future Cardiovascular Events following an Acute Coronary Syndrome; A reduced risk of fatal coronary artery disease has been associated with a high intake of (n-3) fatty acids (FA) and a direct cardioprotective effect by their incorporation into myocardial cells has been suggested. Based on these observations, the omega-3 index (eicosapentaenoic acid 4 docosahexaenoic acid in cell membranes of RBC expressed as percent of total FA) has been suggested as a new risk marker for cardiac death. In this study, our aim was to evaluate the omega-3 index as a prognostic risk marker following hospitalization with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The omega-3 index was measured at admission in 460 patients with an ACS as defined by Troponin-T (TnT) >= 0.02 mu g/L. During a 2-y follow-up, recurrent myocardial infarctions (MI) (defined as TnT >0.06 mu g/L with a typical MI presentation) and cardiac and all-cause mortality were registered. Cox regression analyses were used to relate the risk of new events to the quartiles of the omega-3 index at inclusion. After correction for age, sex, previous heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, smoking, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, brain natriuretic peptide, creatinine, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerol, homocysteine, BMI, and medication, there was no significant reduction in risk for all-cause mortality, cardiac death, or MI with increasing values of the index. In conclusion, we could not confirm the omega-3 index as a useful prognostic risk marker following an ACS. J. Nutr. 139: 507-513, 2009.
ω-3 Fatty Acids Have No Impact on Serum Lactate Levels After Major Gastric Cancer Surgery; Background: Preoperative and intraoperative nutrition support in patients undergoing major surgery results in decreased incidence of morbidity and mortality. Studies investigating the role of omega-3 fatty acids in these patients are increasing. Some are focused on perfusion at the cellular level. This study was undertaken to address the effect of postoperative administration of omega-3 fatty acids on cellular hypoperfusion associated with major gastric surgery. Methods: Twenty-six patients undergoing gastric cancer surgery were randomly assigned to receive parenteral nutrition (PN) supplemented with a combination of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids (Omegaven, 0.2 g/kg/d; Lipovenoes 10%, 0.6 g/kg/d) or with omega-6 fatty acid (Lipovenoes 10%, 0.8 g/kg/d) for 5 days. Blood samples were taken preoperatively, postoperative day 1, and on the last day of PN therapy (day 5). Results: Patients receiving omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids showed neither lower serum lactate levels nor lower rates of complications compared with patients receiving omega-6 only. There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in other biochemical parameters, complications, or length of hospital stay or mortality. Conclusion: PN with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation does not have a significant impact on cellular hypoperfusion and lactate clearance after major gastric surgery. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2011;35:488-492)
A possible protective role of betain and omega-3 supplementation in traumatic brain injury; INTRODUCTION: Due to irreversible damage following head trauma, many overlapping pathophysiological events occur including excitotoxicity, acidotoxicity, ionic imbalance, edema, oxidative stress inflammation and apoptosis.
C-reactive protein, dietary n-3 fatty acids, and the extent of coronary artery disease; The acute-phase reactant C-reactive protein (CRP) has emerged as an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease. Experimental and clinical studies provide evidence of anti-inflammatory effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) derived from fish. We have studied the effect of marine n-3 PUFA on CRP levels in 269 patients referred for coronary angiography because of clinical suspicion of coronary artery disease. All patients filled out a food questionnaire regarding fish intake. The n-3 PUFA content of granulocyte membranes was determined and the concentration of CRP in serum was measured using a highly sensitive assay. The results were related to angiographic findings. CRP was significantly higher in patients with significant coronary stenoses than in those with no significant angiographic changes (p<0.001), but the CRP levels were not associated with the number of diseased vessels. Subjects with CRP levels in the lower quartile had a significantly higher content of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in granulocytes than subjects with CRP levels in the upper quartile (p=0.02), and in a multivariate linear regression analysis, DHA was independently correlated to CRP (R-2=0.179; p=0.003). The inverse correlation between CRP and DHA may reflect an anti-inflammatory effect of DHA in patients with stable coronary artery disease and suggest a novel mechanism by which fish consumption may decrease the risk of coronary artery disease. (C) 2001 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Omega-3 supplementation to prevent recurrent preterm birth: a systematic review and metaanalysis of randomized controlled trials; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of omega-3 supplementation for the prevention of recurrent preterm birth (PTB) in asymptomatic singleton gestations with previous PTB. We searched fish oil, long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, pregnancy, and omega-3 in MEDLINE, OVID, Scopus, ClinicalTrials.gov, the PROSPERO International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials from inception of each database to December 2014 with no limit for language. In addition the reference lists of all identified articles were examined to identify studies that were not captured by electronic searches. We performed a metaanalysis of randomized controlled trials of asymptomatic singleton gestations with previous PTB who were assigned randomly to prophylactic omega-3 supplementation vs control (either placebo or no treatment). The primary outcome was predefined as PTB at <37 weeks of gestation. The pooled results were reported as relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (95% CI). The protocol of this review was registered with PROSPERO (registration number: CRD42015016371). Two randomized controlled trials that included 1080 women were analyzed. The mean gestational age at randomization was approximately 134 days in both groups (mean difference, 0.01 days; 95% CI, -0.13 to 0.14). Women who received omega-3 had similar rates of PTB at <37 weeks of gestation (34.5% vs 39.8%; RR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.59-1.12) and PTB at <34 weeks of gestation (12.0% vs 15.4%; RR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.26-1.46) compared with control subjects. The omega-3 groups had a statistically significantly longer latency (mean difference, 2.10 days; 95% CI, 1.98-2.22) and higher birthweight (mean difference, 102.52 g; 95% CI, 20.09-184.95) compared with control subjects; the other secondary outcomes (which included gestational age at delivery, spontaneous PTB at <37 and 34 weeks of gestation, admission to the intensive care unit, intraventricular hemorrhage, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, and perinatal death) were similar. Omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy does not prevent recurrent PTB in asymptomatic singleton gestations with previous PTB. The benefits in longer latency and higher birth weight may deserve further study.
Heart rate variability and fatty acid content of blood cell membranes: a dose-response study with n-3 fatty acids; Background: Dietary intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against sudden cardiac death, an event that may be predicted by measurement of heart rate variability (HRV).
The Role of <i>n</i>-3 Long Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention, and Interactions with Statins; Decreases in global cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and morbidity in recent decades can be partly attributed to cholesterol reduction through statin use. n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are recommended by some authorities for primary and secondary CVD prevention, and for triglyceride reduction. The residual risk of CVD that remains after statin therapy may potentially be reduced by n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. However, the effects of concomitant use of statins and n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are not well understood. Pleiotropic effects of statins and n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids overlap. For example, cytochrome P450 enzymes that metabolize statins may affect n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and vice versa. Clinical and mechanistic study results show both synergistic and antagonistic effects of statins and n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids when used in combination.
Degenerative rotator cuff tears are associated with a low Omega-3 Index; Background: The etiology of degenerative rotator cuff tears is multifactorial but chronic inflammation plays an important role in the pathogenesis. Some polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) can modulate inflammation and marine n-3 (Omega-3) PUFA have anti-inflammatory effects. We hypothesized that the Omega-3 Index is lower in patients with degenerative rotator cuff tears when compared to controls without rotator cuff tendinopathy.
Omega-3 fatty acids: mechanisms underlying 'protective effects' in atherosclerosis; Purpose of review
A HIGH ALPHA-LINOLENATE DIET SUPPRESSES ANTIGEN-INDUCED IMMUNOGLOBULIN-E RESPONSE AND ANAPHYLACTIC SHOCK IN MICE; Mice were fed for 2 mo diets having ratios of alpha-linoienate [18:3(n-3)] to linoleate [18:2(n-6)] of <0.01, 0.36, 1.0 and 3.9. Proportions of safflower seed oil and perilla seed oil were adjusted to obtain these ratios. The dietary alpha-linolenate to linoleate balance was reflected in the proportion of (n-3) and (n-6) highly unsaturated fatty acids with 20- and 22-carbon chains in spleen phospholipids, but the ratio did not affect the proportion of T lymphocyte subsets expressing CD4 and CD8 antigens in splenic leukocytes. The immunoglobulin (Ig) G and ISM responses against sheep red blood cells when estimated as plaque-forming cells present in spleen, were not affected significantly by the diets. However, the serum hemagglutinin titer was slightly but significantly higher in the high alpha-linolenate diet group [18:3(n-3)/18:2(n-6) = 3.9] than in the dietary groups with 18:3(n-3) to 18:2(n-6) ratios of 0.36 and <0.01. In contrast, the ISE antibody response against egg albumin, as well as the mortality from anaphylactic shock induced by a second challenge with antigen, was significantly lower in the high alpha-linolenate diet group [18: 3(n-3)/18:2(n-6) = 3.9] than in the high linoleate diet [18:3(n-3)/18:2(n-6) <0.01] group. These results, together with the reported suppressive effects of a high alpha-linolenate diet on the formation of lipid derived allergic mediators, support the hypothesis that raising the (n-3) to (n-6) ratios of diets would be effective in reducing the severity of immediate-type allergic hypersensitivity.
The ability of walnut extract and fatty acids to protect against the deleterious effects of oxidative stress and inflammation in hippocampal cells; Previous research from our lab has demonstrated that dietary walnut supplementation protects against age-related cognitive declines in rats; however, the cellular mechanisms by which walnuts and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may affect neuronal health and functioning in aging are undetermined.
The clinical relevance of omega-3 fatty acids in the management of hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides > 150 mg/dL) affects similar to 25 % of the United States (US) population and is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Severe hypertriglyceridemia (>= 500 mg/dL) is also a risk factor for pancreatitis. Three omega-3 fatty acid (OM3FA) prescription formulations are approved in the US for the treatment of adults with severe hypertriglyceridemia: (1) OM3FA ethyl esters (OM3EE), a mixture of OM3FA ethyl esters, primarily eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (Lovaza (R), Omtryg (TM), and generics); (2) icosapent ethyl (IPE), EPA ethyl esters (Vascepa (R)); and (3) omega-3 carboxylic acids (OM3CA), a mixture of OM3FAs in free fatty acid form, primarily EPA, DHA, and docosapentaenoic acid (Epanova (R)). At approved doses, all formulations substantially reduce triglyceride and very-low-density lipoprotein levels. DHA-containing formulations may also increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. However, this is not accompanied by increased non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, which is thought to provide a better indication of cardiovascular risk in this patient population. Proposed mechanisms of action of OM3FAs include inhibition of diacylglycerol acyltransferase, increased plasma lipoprotein lipase activity, decreased hepatic lipogenesis, and increased hepatic beta-oxidation. OM3CA bioavailability (area under the plasma concentration-time curve from zero to the last measurable concentration) is up to 4-fold greater than that of OM3FA ethyl esters, and unlike ethyl esters, the absorption of OM3CA is not dependent on pancreatic lipase hydrolysis. All three formulations are well tolerated (the most common adverse events are gastrointestinal) and demonstrate a lack of drug-drug interactions with other lipid-lowering drugs, such as statins and fibrates. OM3FAs appear to be an effective treatment option for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.
A comprehensive evaluation of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in cystic fibrosis patients using lipidomics; The evaluation of the benefits of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in humans requires the identification and characterization of suitable biomarkers of its incorporation in the body. The reference method for the evaluation of omega-3, gas chromatography, is difficult to apply in clinical practice because of its low throughput and does not provide information about the incorporation of specific fatty acids in lipid species and the potential effects of supplementation on lipid classes. We used a quantitative lipidomic approach to follow the incorporation of omega-3 fatty acids into plasma lipids in cystic fibrosis patients (n=50) from a randomized controlled clinical trial after the supplementation of seaweed oil enriched with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Lipidomic analysis accurately showed the distribution of fatty acids in different lipid classes after omega-3 supplementation, and the performance in determining the compliance to supplementation was similar to that of gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. Twelve months after fatty acid supplementation, DHA was predominantly incorporated into highly unsaturated cholesteryl esters (110.9 +/- 16.2 vs. 278.6 +/- 32.6 mu M mean +/- S.E.M.) and phosphatidylcholine (142.4 +/- 11.9 vs. 272.9 +/- 21.4 mu M) and, to a lesser extent, into phosphatidylethanolamine (9.4 +/- 0.8 vs. 15.5 +/- 1.5 mu M) and triglycerides (0.4 +/- 0.04 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.12 mu M). In addition, a technique was developed for the fast measurement of the DHA/arachidonic acid ratio to simplify the follow-up of nutritional intervention with DHA-enriched foods. We conclude that lipidomics is a suitable approach for monitoring the incorporation of omega-3 fatty acids in nutritional studies. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fatty Acids and Their Derivatives in Cardiovascular Disease: Arachidonic, Eicosapentaenoic, and Docosahexaenoic Acids and Their Byproducts, the Eicosanoids and Docosanoids; Lipids and their metabolites are now known to play essential roles in not only cardiovascular health and disease, but numerous other inflammatory processes as well. A multitude of diseases are being rigorously studied in the context of lipids and their metabolites. Dementias, rheuma-tologic and dermatologic diseases, neurologic repair, and proper neural development of the fetus and newborn child are just a few. The rapidly advancing fields of Lipidomics and more recently Signalolipidomics are reshaping our understanding of and approach to the mechanisms that lead to health and illness. In order for clinicians to become comfortable in this incontrovertibly relevant realm, they must develop a firm grasp of the fundamentals of lipids and their complex metabolism. As a consequence of the very high background intake of linoleic acid (LA) in the western world, alpha linolenic acid (ALA) cannot be efficiently and adequately converted into eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic Acids (EPA and DHA) as well as their derivatives, all of which are fats known to augment health. Thus, EPA and DHA must be consumed in order for us to enjoy their myriad health benefits. In this review, EPA and DHA of the omega-3 family, and arachidonic acid (AA) of the omega-6 family, as well as their varied and often times competing metabolites, are explored. Their nomenclature is explained and the integral roles they play in cardiovascular health and disease are emphasized.
The Effects of Omega-3 Supplementation on Depression in Adults with Cardiometabolic Disease: A Systematic Review of Randomised Control Trials; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ' concurrent benefits for cardiometabolic and mental health are equivocal. Despite lack of evidence, up to a third of adults consume Omega-3 supplements. No review has yet been published to report effect on depression in this cardiometabolic population. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of double-blinded, controlled randomised trials to investigate the safety and effect of Omega-3 supplementation on depression scores in people with cardiometabolic diseases. Primary outcome was change in depression scores versus placebo. Secondary outcomes were side-effects, concurrent medication and adherence. Results: Seven trials reporting on 2575 (672 female) adults aged 39-73 were included. Omega-3 dosages ranged from 1-3 g with an intervention duration of 10-48 weeks. Six out of seven trials found no statistically or clinically significant change to depression scores compared to placebo. One trial favoured intervention (Relative Risk Reduction: 47.93%, 95% CI: 24.89-63.98%, p < 0.001). Sub-analyses showed clinically meaningful reductions in depression scores for those on antidepressants (Intervention: 20.9 (SD: 7.1), Placebo: 24.9 (SD: 8.5) p < 0.05) or with severe depression (-1.74; 95% CI -3.04 to -0.05, p < 0.05) in two separate trials. Side effects were comparable between treatment arms. Conclusions: Omega-3 supplementation is safe to use but not superior to placebo for depression in adults with concurrent cardiometabolic disease.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and blood pressure in adolescents; Evidence that intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may modify blood pressure (BP) is generally limited to middle-aged or hypertensive populations. This study examined cross-sectional associations between BP and dietary intake of PUFAs in 814 adolescents aged 1315 years participating in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study. Fatty acid intakes were assessed using 3-day diet records and resting BP was determined using multiple oscillometric readings. In multivariate regression models, systolic BP was inversely associated with intakes of polyunsaturated (b = -0.436, P<0.01), omega-3 (b = -2.47, P=0.02), omega-6 (b = -0.362, P=0.04) and long chain omega-3 fatty acids (b = -4.37, P=0.04) in boys. Diastolic BP and mean arterial pressure were inversely associated with intakes of long chain omega-3 fatty acids in boys (b = -3.93, P=0.01, b = -4.05, P=0.01, respectively). For specific long-chain omega-3s, significant inverse associations were observed between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid, such as systolic BP decreasing by 4.7 mmHg (95% CI -9.3 to -0.1) for a quarter gram increase in EPA, but no significant associations were observed with docosapentaenoic acid. No significant associations were observed in girls, or with the omega-6 to omega-3 ratio. Our results suggest that gender may moderate relationships between fatty acid intake and BP in adolescence. Journal of Human Hypertension (2012) 26, 178-187; doi:10.1038/jhh.2011.7; published online 10 February 2011
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular events in high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia in Japan: a 3-year post-marketing surveillance study (OCEAN3 survey); Background Studies on the efficacy of prescription omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to reduce cardiovascular events have produced conflicting results. Research design and methods This 3-year prospective post-marketing surveillance study evaluated the effect of omega-3-acid ethyl esters (O3AEE; usual dosage 2 g/day) on cardiovascular events in high-risk statin-treated Japanese patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Statin-treated patients not receiving O3AEE were included as a reference cohort. The composite primary endpoint was cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, angina requiring coronary revascularization, or peripheral arterial disease requiring surgery or peripheral arterial intervention. Results At 3 years, Kaplan-Meier estimated cumulative incidence of the primary endpoint was 2.5% (95% confidence interval, 2.1%-2.9%) in O3AEE-treated patients (N = 6,580) and 2.7% (2.4%-3.1%) in non-O3AEE-treated patients (N = 7,784; hazard ratio, 0.99; 95% confidence interval, 0.79-1.23). Incidence of heart failure requiring hospitalization was 0.4% with O3AEE versus 0.8% in non-O3AEE-treated patients (hazard ratio, 0.47; 95% confidence interval, 0.28-0.78; P < 0.05). Conclusions Among patients receiving statins, cardiovascular event incidence did not differ significantly between O3AEE-treated patients and non-O3AEE-treated patients. Further studies are required before definitive conclusions can be drawn on the effect of O3AEE on cardiovascular event incidence in high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Total Long-Chain n-3 Fatty Acid Intake and Food Sources in the United States Compared to Recommended Intakes: NHANES 2003-2008; The American Heart Association recommends consuming fish (particularly oily fish) at least two times per week, which would provide ae 0.5 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for cardiovascular disease risk reduction. Previous analyses indicate that this recommendation is not being met; however, few studies have assessed different ethnicities, subpopulations requiring additional n-3 fatty acid intake (i.e., children and pregnant and/or lactating women), or deciles of intake. Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2008 was used to assess n-3 fatty acid intake from foods and supplements in the US population, according to age, sex, and ethnicity. A unique "EPA equivalents" factor, which accounts for potential conversion of shorter-chain n-3 fatty acids, was used to calculate total long-chain n-3 fatty acid intake. Data are reported for 24,621 individuals. More than 90% consumed less than the recommended 0.5 g/day from food sources (median = 0.11 g/day; mean = 0.17 g/day). Among the top 15% of n-3 fatty acid consumers, fish was the largest dietary contributor (71.2%). Intake was highest in men aged 20 years or more, and lowest in children and women who are or may become pregnant and/or are lactating. Among ethnicities, intake was lowest in Mexican-Americans. Only 6.2% of the total population reported n-3 fatty acid supplement use, and this did not alter median daily intake. Additional strategies are needed to increase awareness of health benefits (particularly among Mexican-Americans and women of childbearing age) and promote consumption of oily fish or alternative dietary sources to meet current recommendations.
Effect of omega-3 supplements on plasma apolipoprotein C-III concentrations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Apolipoprotein C-III (apo C-III) is a key regulator of triglycerides metabolism. The aim of this meta-analysis was to assess the effect of fish omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on apo C-III levels.Methods: Randomized placebo-controlled trials investigating the impact of omega-3 on apo C-III levels were searched in PubMed-Medline, SCOPUS, Web of Science and Google Scholar. A random-effects model and generic inverse variance method were used for quantitative data synthesis. Sensitivity analysis was conducted using the leave-one-out method. A weighted random-effects meta-regression was performed to evaluate the impact of potential confounders on glycemic parameters.Results: This meta-analysis comprising 2062 subjects showed a significant reduction of apo C-III concentrations following treatment with omega-3 (WMD: -22.18mg/L, 95% confidence interval: -31.61, -12.75, p<.001; I-2: 88.24%). Subgroup analysis showed a significant reduction of plasma apo C-III concentrations by eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl esters but not omega-3 carboxylic acids or omega-3 ethyl esters. There was a greater apo C-III reduction with only EPA as compared with supplements containing EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or only DHA. A positive association between the apo C-III-lowering effect of omega-3 with baseline apo C-III concentrations and treatment duration was found.Conclusions: This meta-analysis has shown that omega-3 PUFAs might significantly decrease apo C-III.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Does Not Reduce Risk of Atrial Fibrillation After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Background-Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have been reported to reduce the risk of sudden cardiac death presumed to be due to fatal ventricular arrhythmias, but their effect on atrial arrhythmias is unclear.
The effect of omega-3 supplementation on pregnancy outcomes by smoking status; BACKGROUND: Smoking during pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes such as preterm delivery, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, and low birth weight. Because smoking causes oxidative stress, some have suggested using antioxidants to counteract the effects of oxidative stress. Smokers have lower serum levels of omega-3 fatty acids, an important antioxidant, and thus, investigating whether omega-3 supplementation in smokers reduces adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes represents an important area of research.
Significant differential effects of omega-3 fatty acids and fenofibrate in patients with hypertriglyceridemia; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids and fenofibrate are both used to treat patients with hypertriglyceridemia. However, a head-to-head comparison of the lipoprotein and metabolic effects of these two medicines has not been published.
Omega-3 consumption may benefit heart rhythm: a review; Diet has been seen to have a significant impact on the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases. Fish is one of the main components of a healthy diet, while omega-3 fatty acids constitute an essential component of this fish. Experimental and clinical studies indicate that omega-3 fatty acids could act beneficially towards reduction in malignant ventricular arrhythmias, which can lead to sudden cardiac death, increase in heart rate variability, decrease risk for thrombosis, which can lead to heart attack and stroke and other effects on the hemostatic system, decrease triglyceride and remnant lipoprotein levels, improved endothelial function, as well a inhibitory effect on atherosclerosis and inflammation. As a conclusion, fish intake seems to be an important, non-pharmacologic mean, for the reduction of CVD burden.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs): Emerging Plant and Microbial Sources, Oxidative Stability, Bioavailability, and Health Benefits-A Review; The omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid are well known to protect against numerous metabolic disorders. In view of the alarming increase in the incidence of chronic diseases, consumer interest and demand are rapidly increasing for natural dietary sources of n-3 PUFAs. Among the plant sources, seed oils from chia (Salvia hispanica), flax (Linum usitatissimum), and garden cress (Lepidium sativum) are now widely considered to increase alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in the diet. Moreover, seed oil of Echium plantagineum, Buglossoides arvensis, and Ribes sp. are widely explored as a source of stearidonic acid (SDA), a more effective source than is ALA for increasing the EPA and DHA status in the body. Further, the oil from microalgae and thraustochytrids can also directly supply EPA and DHA. Thus, these microbial sources are currently used for the commercial production of vegan EPA and DHA. Considering the nutritional and commercial importance of n-3 PUFAs, this review critically discusses the nutritional aspects of commercially exploited sources of n-3 PUFAs from plants, microalgae, macroalgae, and thraustochytrids. Moreover, we discuss issues related to oxidative stability and bioavailability of n-3 PUFAs and future prospects in these areas.</p>
PROPOSED PROFILE OF OMEGA 3 FATTY ACIDS IN ENTERAL NUTRITION; We review the international recommendations on oral intake of n-3 fatty acids and their content in the enteral nutrition formulas. Their metabolic actions depend on their metabolization to EPA and DHA. The activity of desaturases catalyzing this process increases with exercise, insulin, estrogens in the fertile women, and peroxisomal proliferators, whereas it decreases with fasting, protein and oligoelements deficiencies, age < 30 years, sedentary lifestyle, cigarette smoking, alcohol, cholesterol, trans and saturated fatty acids, insulin deficiency, and stress hormones (adrenalin and glucocorticoids). Most of the guidelines recommend that 20-35% of the total energy comes from fat, being 7-10% saturated fats, 6-10% polyunsaturated, and 20% monounsaturated, in Spain. The recommendation for n-3 FA is 0.5-2 g/day or 0.5-2% of total caloric intake, with an upper limit of 3 g/day. For n-6 FA, 2.5-10% of total caloric intake, the n-6/n-3 ratio not being well established although most of the guidelines recommend 5:1. The EPA and DHA content should be at least 500 mg per day. Finally, the EPA/DHA ratio is 2:1 in most of them. Standard nutrition formulas present an appropriate fat content, although most of the products containing EPA and DHA exceed the limit of 3 g/day. Among the products with hyperprotein and/or concentrated, only of them contains EPA y DHA. Not all the formulas used for the frail elderly contain EPA or DHA, and in those containing them their concentration may be excessive and with a proportion very dissimilar to that of fish oil. (Nutr Hosp. 2012;27:1782-1802) DOI:10.3305/nh.2012.27.6.6023
Omega 3 Fatty Acid as A Health Supplement: an Overview of its Manufacture and Regulatory Aspects; Dietary supplements are used for potential health benefits and are mainly intended to provide those nutrients that may be insufficiently consumed through regular dietary intake. They are mostly made from natural sources and are readily available in the form of capsules, tablets, or liquid form. Nowadays, omega -3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) supplements are in high demand and have gained noteworthy popularity as the human body cannot produce them, and need to be administrated externally. They are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) characterized by at least one cis double bond at the third and fourth omega -end carbons, with primary examples being alpha- linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and are classified as functional foods. The natural sources of these supplements include aquatic organisms like freshwater and marine fish, microalgae, seaweeds; nuts and seeds plant oils, and fortified foods. n-3 FAs, being biologically active molecules, are highly susceptible to oxidation due to double bonds in their long chains, leading to degradation over time, during storage. Various encapsulation systems, such as gels, emulsions, and powders, have been developed to effectively encapsulate PUFAs to enhance their chemical stability, dispersibility, and bioavailability. These quality control measures are essential to guarantee the effectiveness and safety of products containing n-3 FAs. This paper explores various sources of omega -3 fatty acid supplements and summarizes the multiple manufacturing techniques used for the production of these products. Additionally, the article tried to correlate quality aspects with the regulations for such products in an
Erythrocyte membrane n-3 fatty acid levels and carotid atherosclerosis in Chinese men and women; Objective: Prospective studies have supported the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acid consumption on cardiac deaths, but limited data focused on atherosclerosis. We investigated the associations between n-3 fatty acids in erythrocytes and atherosclerosis in middle-aged and older Chinese.
Beneficial influence of ω-3 fatty acids on arrhythmia; The antiarrhythmic action of polyunsaturated omega-fatty acid has been described in many experiments. From epidemiological studies using fish oil concentrates it was speculated that the reduction of coronary mortality by 30 percent is based on their antiarrhythmic effect. So far, however, only a few clinical data are available. Therefore, we designed a clinical trial in order to test the efficacy of a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids.
Omega-3 fatty acids and leukocyte-endothelium adhesion: Novel anti-atherosclerotic actions; Endothelial cells (ECs) play a role in the optimal function of blood vessels. When endothelial function becomes dysregulated, the risk of developing atherosclerosis increases. Specifically, upregulation of adhesion molecule expression on ECs promotes the movement of leukocytes, particularly monocytes, into the vessel wall. Here, monocytes differentiate into macrophages and may become foam cells, contributing to the initiation and progression of an atherosclerotic plaque. The ability of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to influence the expression of adhesion molecules by ECs and to modulate leukocyte-endothelial adhesion has been studied in cell culture using various types of ECs, in animal feeding studies and in human trials; the latter have tended to evaluate soluble forms of adhesion molecules that circulate in the bloodstream. These studies indicate that n-3 PUFAs (both eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) can decrease the expression of key adhesion molecules, such as vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, by ECs and that this results in decreased adhesive interactions between leukocytes and ECs. These findings suggest that n-3 PUFAs may lower leukocyte infiltration into the vascular wall, which could contribute to reduced atherosclerosis and lowered risk of cardiovascular disease.
FOOD SOURCES AND ADEQUACY OF INTAKE OF OMEGA-3 AND OMEGA-6 FATTY ACIDS IN A REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE OF SPANISH ADULTS; Introduction and aims: Taking into account the sanitary importance of the contribution of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and given the scarcity of studies on the subject in Spanish collectives, the aims of the present study were to determine the intake of these fatty acids, their adequacy to the established nutritional goals and food sources in a representative sample of the Spanish population.
Effect of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid supplementation in patients with sickle cell anemia: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Blood cell aggregation and adherence to vascular endothelium and inflammation play a central role in vaso-occlusive crisis in sickle cell disease. The antiaggregatory, antiadhesive, anti-inflammatory, and vasodilatory omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (DHA and EPA) are significantly reduced in patients with the disease.
Effects of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Enriched Hen Egg Consumption on the Inflammatory Biomarkers and Microvascular Function in Patients with Acute and Chronic Coronary Syndrome-A Randomized Study; Simple Summary There is a strong potential of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) consumption to reduce cardiovascular risk and prevent adverse outcomes in existing cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to test the effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation in the form of enriched hen eggs on serum lipid and free fatty acid profiles, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers, and microvascular reactivity in patients with acute and chronic coronary artery disease. Consumption of three n-3 PUFA-enriched hen eggs for three weeks had a favorable effect on serum free fatty acid profile (a lower n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio) and mild anti-inflammatory effects but did not significantly affect microvascular reactivity in patients with coronary artery disease. Because consumption of both regular and n-3 PUFA eggs had no negative effects on any of the measured biological and functional vascular parameters, the results of the present study indicate that eggs can be safely consumed in the daily diet of patients with coronary artery disease. This study aimed to test the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-enriched hen egg consumption on serum lipid and free fatty acid profiles, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers, and microvascular reactivity in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Forty CAD patients participated in this study. Of those, 20 patients had acute CAD (Ac-CAD), and 20 patients had chronic CAD (Ch-CAD). The control group (N = 20) consumed three regular hen eggs/daily (249 mg n-3 PUFAs/day), and the n-3 PUFAs group (N = 20) consumed three n-3 PUFA-enriched hen eggs/daily (1053 g n-3 PUFAs/day) for 3 weeks. Serum n-3 PUFA concentration significantly increased (in all CAD patients), while LDL cholesterol and IL-6 (in Ac-CAD patients), and hsCRP and IL-1a (in all CAD patients) significantly decreased in the n-3 PUFAs group. Glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity significantly decreased, and forearm skin microvascular reactivity in response to vascular occlusion (postocclusive reactive hyperemia (PORH)) remained unchanged in both the n-3 PUFAs and control groups in total CAD, Ac-CAD, and Ch-CAD patients. Potentially, n-3 PUFA-enriched hen eggs can change the free fatty acid profile to a more favorable lower n6/n3 ratio, and to exhibit mild anti-inflammatory effects but not to affect microvascular reactivity in CAD patients.
Role of Omega-3 fatty acids in preventing metabolic disturbances in patients on olanzapine plus either sodium valproate or lithium: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Background: Metabolic and cardiovascular side effects have been noted with the use of second generation antipsychotics (SGAs) and mood stabilizers. Since Omega-3 fatty acids have been known to prevent some cardiovascular risks, this preliminary study was designed to evaluate the cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 when added to the combinations of olanzapine with mood stabilizers.
A biological rationale for the disparate effects of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular disease outcomes; The omega-3 fatty acids (n3-FAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) rapidly incorporate into cell membranes where they modulate signal transduction pathways, lipid raft formation, and cholesterol distribution. Membrane n3-FAs also form specialized pro-resolving mediators and other intracellular oxylipins that modulate inflammatory pathways, including T-cell differentiation and gene expression. Cardiovascular (CV) trials have shown that EPA, administered as icosapent ethyl (IPE), reduces composite CV events, along with plaque volume, in statin-treated, high-risk patients. Mixed EPA/DHA regimens have not shown these benefits, perhaps as the result of differences in formulation, dosage, or potential counter-regulatory actions DHA. Indeed, EPA and DHA have distinct, tissue-specific effects on membrane structural organization and cell function. This review summarizes: (1) results of clinical outcome and imaging trials using n3-FA formulations; (2) membrane interactions of n3-FAs; (3) effects of n3-FAs on membrane oxidative stress and cholesterol crystalline domain formation during hyperglycemia; (4) n3-FA effects on endothelial function; (5) role of n3-FA generated metabolites in inflammation; and (6) ongoing and future clinical investigations exploring treatment targets for n3-FAs, including COVID-19.
Omega-3 fatty acids for treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: design and rationale of randomized controlled trial; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a liver manifestation of metabolic syndrome since obesity and insulin resistance are the main pathogenic contributors for both conditions. NAFLD carries increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases. There is an urgent need to find effective and safe therapy for children and adults with NAFLD. Data from research and clinical studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial in metabolic syndrome-related conditions and can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Their potential role in blood pressure prevention and management; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish and fish oils appear to protect against coronary heart disease: their dietary intake is in fact inversely associated to cardiovascular disease morbidity/mortality in population studies. Recent evidence suggests that at least part of their heart protective effect is mediated by a relatively small but significant decrease in blood pressure level. In fact, omega-3 PUFAs exhibit wide-ranging biological actions that include regulating both vasomotor tone and renal sodium excretion, partly competing with omega-6 PUFAs for common metabolic enzymes and thereby decreasing the production of vaso-costrincting rather than vasodilating and anti-inflammatory eicosanoids. PUFAs also reduce angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity, angiotensin II formation, TGF-beta expression, enhance eNO generation and activate the parasympathetic nervous system. The final result is improved vasodilation and arterial compliance of both small and large arteries. Preliminary clinical trials involving dyslipidemic patients, diabetics and elderly subjects, as well as normotensive and hypertensive subjects confirm this working hypothesis. Future research will clarify if PUFA supplementation could improve the antihypertensive action of specific blood pressure lowering drug classes and of statins.
Dietary long-chain omega-3 fatty acids of marine origin:: A comparison of their protective effects on coronary heart disease and breast cancers; The relationship between high fish consumption and low mortality following coronary heart disease (CHD) and low incidence of breast cancer was first mentioned 3 decades ago. The fishes of interest are rich in omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 LC-PUFAs), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which could be the active nutrients. The current consensus about cardioprotection is that omega-3 LC-PUFAs would mainly exert antiarrhythmic effects. One of the proposed mechanisms is that circulating non-esterified LC-PUFAs partition into cardiac cells membrane phospholipids and exert a direct effect on ionic channels and/or modify intracellular calcium homeostasis. In another hypothesis, changes in the metabolism of phosphoinositides would be involved and lead to the differential activation of PKC isoforms. As compared to the mechanisms proposed for the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 LC-PUFAs, less is known about the molecular mechanisms involved in breast cancers prevention. Some proposed mechanisms such as the modulation of phosphoinositides metabolism and/or modulation of intracellular calcium homeostasis, are common to both pathologies. Other hypotheses involve the alteration of the cellular redox status induced by highly peroxidizable polyunsaturated fatty acids (FA), or the modulation of gene expression, both phenomena being tightly linked to apoptosis. In this review, we report and compare some proposed mechanisms for the involvement of omega-3 LC-PUFAs in both cardiac and breast cancer protection. Deliberately, we chose to discuss only the mechanisms, which are less described in other reviews such as ionic channels in cancer, calcium homeostasis, PKC activation or matrix metalloproteinases in both cancer and cardiac models. The leitmotiv along this review is that cardio-and cancero-protective effects use common pathways. Comparison of the cellular effects might therefore help to highlight the "protective" pathways. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary modulation of oxylipins in cardiovascular disease and aging; Oxylipins are a group of fatty acid metabolites generated via oxygenation of polyunsaturated fatty acids and are involved in processes such as inflammation, immunity, pain, vascular tone, and coagulation. As a result, oxylipins have been implicated in many conditions characterized by these processes, including cardiovascular disease and aging. The best characterized oxylipins in relation to cardiovascular disease are derived from the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid. These oxylipins generally increase inflammation, hypertension, and platelet aggregation, although not universally. Similarly, oxylipins derived from the omega-6 fatty acid linoleic acid generally have more adverse than beneficial cardiovascular effects. Alternatively, most oxylipins derived from 20- and 22-carbon omega-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory, antiaggregatory, and vasodilatory effects that help explain the cardioprotective effects of these fatty acids. Much less is known regarding the oxylipins derived from the 18-carbon omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid, but clinical trials with flaxseed supplementation have indicated that these oxylipins can have positive effects on blood pressure. Normal aging also is associated with changes in oxylipin levels in the brain, vasculature, and other tissues, indicating that oxylipin changes with aging may be involved in age-related changes in these tissues. A small number of trials in humans and animals with interventions that contain either 18-carbon or 20- and 22-carbon omega-3 fatty acids have indicated that dietary-induced changes in oxylipins may be beneficial in slowing the changes associated with normal aging. In summary, oxylipins are an important group of molecules amenable to dietary manipulation to target cardiovascular disease and age-related degeneration.
Nutritional preconditioning by marine omega-3 fatty acids in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: A METOCARD-CNIC trial substudy; Background: Marine omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is readily incorporated into cardiomyocyte membranes, partially displacing the omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA). Whereas AA is a substrate for pro-inflammatory eicosanoids, the release of EPA from cell membranes generates anti-inflammatory lipid mediators, contributing to the infarct-limiting effect observed experimental models. Clinical data are lacking.
Gamma-linolenic acid, Dihommo-gamma linolenic, Eicosanoids and Inflammatory Processes; Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA, 18:3n-6) is an omega-6 (n-6), 18 carbon (18C-) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) found in human milk and several botanical seed oils and is typically consumed as part of a dietary supplement. While there have been numerous in vitro and in vivo animal models which illustrate that GLA-supplemented diets attenuate inflammatory responses, clinical studies utilizing GLA or GLA in combination with omega-3 (n-3) PUFAs have been much less conclusive. A central premise of this review is that there are critical metabolic and genetic factors that affect the conversion of GLA to dihommo-gamma linolenic acid (DGLA, 20:3n-6) and arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6), which consequently affects the balance of DGLA- and AA- derived metabolites. As a result, these factors impact the clinical effectiveness of GLA or GLA/(n-3) PUFA supplementations in treating inflammatory conditions. Specifically, these factors include: 1) the capacity for different human cells and tissues to convert GLA to DGLA and AA and to metabolize DGLA and AA to bioactive metabolites; 2) the opposing effects of DGLA and AA metabolites on inflammatory processes and diseases; and 3) the impact of genetic variations within the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene cluster, in particular, on AA/DGLA ratios and bioactive metabolites. We postulate that these factors influence the heterogeneity of results observed in GLA supplement-based clinical trials and suggest that "one-size fits all" approaches utilizing PUFA-based supplements may no longer be appropriate for the prevention and treatment of complex human diseases. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The investigation of the prenatal and postnatal alcohol exposure-induced neurodegeneration in rat brain: protection by betaine and/or omega-3; We aim to study the effect of neurodegeneration on the brain of rat pups caused by prenatal and postnatal ethanol exposure with modified liquid diet to elucidate protective effects of betaine and omega-3 supplementation. When ethanol is consumed during prenatal and postnatal periods, it may result in fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) in the offspring.
Do patients benefit from omega-3 fatty acids?; Omega-3 fatty acids (O3FAs) possess beneficial properties for cardiovascular (CV) health and elevated O3FA levels are associated with lower incident risk for CV disease (CVD.) Yet, treatment of at-risk patients with various O3FA formulations has produced disparate results in large, well-controlled and well-conducted clinical trials. Prescription formulations and fish oil supplements containing low-dose mixtures of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have routinely failed to prevent CV events in primary and secondary prevention settings when added to contemporary care, as shown most recently in the STRENGTH and OMEMI trials. However, as observed in JELIS, REDUCE-IT, and RESPECT-EPA, EPA-only formulations significantly reduce CVD events in high-risk patients. The CV mechanism of action of EPA, while certainly multifaceted, does not depend solely on reductions of circulating lipids, including triglycerides (TG) and LDL, and event reduction appears related to achieved EPA levels suggesting that the particular chemical and biological properties of EPA, as compared to DHA and other O3FAs, may contribute to its distinct clinical efficacy. In vitro and in vivo studies have shown different effects of EPA compared with DHA alone or EPA/DHA combination treatments, on atherosclerotic plaque morphology, LDL and membrane oxidation, cholesterol distribution, membrane lipid dynamics, glucose homeostasis, endothelial function, and downstream lipid metabolite function. These findings indicate that prescription-grade, EPA-only formulations provide greater benefit than other O3FAs formulations tested. This review summarizes the clinical findings associated with various O3FA formulations, their efficacy in treating CV disease, and their underlying mechanisms of action.
Decreased Tissue Omega-6/Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Prevents Chemotherapy-Induced Gastrointestinal Toxicity Associated with Alterations of Gut Microbiome; Gastrointestinal toxicity (GIT) is a debilitating side effect of Irinotecan (CPT-11) and limits its clinical utility. Gut dysbiosis has been shown to mediate this side effect of CPT-11 by increasing gut bacterial beta-glucuronidase (GUSB) activity and impairing the intestinal mucosal barrier (IMB). We have recently shown the opposing effects of omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on the gut microbiome. We hypothesized that elevated levels of tissue n-3 PUFA with a decreased n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio would reduce CPT-11-induced GIT and associated changes in the gut microbiome. Using a unique transgenic mouse (FAT-1) model combined with dietary supplementation experiments, we demonstrate that an elevated tissue n-3 PUFA status with a decreased n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio significantly reduces CPT-11-induced weight loss, bloody diarrhea, gut pathological changes, and mortality. Gut microbiome analysis by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and QIIME2 revealed that improvements in GIT were associated with the reduction in the CPT-11-induced increase in both GUSB-producing bacteria (e.g., Enterobacteriaceae) and GUSB enzyme activity, decrease in IMB-maintaining bacteria (e.g., Bifidobacterium), IMB dysfunction and systemic endotoxemia. These results uncover a host-microbiome interaction approach to the management of drug-induced gut toxicity. The prevention of CPT-11-induced gut microbiome changes by decreasing the tissue n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio could be a novel strategy to prevent chemotherapy-induced GIT.
EFFECT OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACID IN THE HEALING PROCESS OF COLONIC ANASTOMOSIS IN RATS; Background: The use of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids has been studied in the context of healing and tissue regeneration mainly due to its anti-inflammatory, immunoregulatory and antioncogenic properties. Previous studies have demonstrated beneficial effects with the use of enteral immunonutrition containing various farmaconutrients such as L-arginine, omega-3, trace elements, but the individual action of each component in the healing of colonic anastomosis remains unclear. Aim: To evaluate the influence of preoperative supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids on the healing of colonic anastomoses of well-nourished rats. Methods: Forty Wistar adult male rats, weighing 234.4 +/- 22.3 g were used. The animals were divided into two groups: the control group received for seven days olive oil rich in omega-9 oil through an orogastric tube, while the study group received isocaloric and isovolumetric omega-3 emulsion at a dose of 100 mg/kg/day, also for seven days. Both groups were submitted to two colotomies followed by anastomosis, in the right and left colon, respectively. Parameters evaluated included changes in body weight, anastomotic complications and mortality, as well as maximum tensile strength by using a tensiometer and collagen densitometry at the anastomotic site. Results: There were no differences in body weight or mortality and morbidity between groups. The value of the maximum tensile strength of the control group was 1.9 +/- 0.3 N and the study group 1.7 +/- 0.2, p=0.357. There was, however, a larger amount of type I collagen deposition in the study group (p=0.0126). The collagen maturation index was 1.74 +/- 0.71 in the control group and 1.67 +/- 0.5 in the study group; p=0,719). Conclusions: Preoperative supplementation of omega-3 fatty acid in rats is associated with increased collagen deposition of type I fibers in colonic anastomoses on the 5th postoperative day. No differences were observed in the tensile strength or collagen maturation index.
Omega-3 supplementation and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a frequent accompaniment of obesity and insulin resistance. With the prevalence approaching 85% in obese populations, new therapeutic approaches to manage NAFLD are warranted.
Update on the management of severe hypertriglyceridemia - focus on free fatty acid forms of omega-3; High levels of plasma triglycerides (TG) are a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases, often associated with anomalies in other lipids or lipoproteins. Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG), particularly at very high levels, significantly increases also the risk of acute pancreatitis. Thus, interventions to lower TG levels are required to reduce the risk of pancreatitis and cardiovascular disease. Several strategies may be adopted for TG reduction, including lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions. Among the available drugs, the most commonly used for HTG are fibrates, nicotinic acid, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (usually a mixture of eicosapentaenoic acid, or EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid, or DHA). These last are available under different concentrated formulations containing high amounts of omega-3 fatty acids, including a mixture of EPA and DHA or pure EPA. The most recent formulation contains a free fatty acid (FFA) form of EPA and DHA, and exhibits a significantly higher bioavailability compared with the ethyl ester forms contained in the other formulations. This is due to the fact that the ethyl ester forms, to be absorbed, need to be hydrolyzed by the pancreatic enzymes that are secreted in response to fat intake, while the FFA do not. This higher bioavailability translates into a higher TG-lowering efficacy compared with the ethyl ester forms at equivalent doses. Omega-3 FFA are effective in reducing TG levels and other lipids in hypertriglyceridemic patients as well as in high cardiovascular risk patients treated with statins and residual HTG. Currently, omega-3 FFA formulation is under evaluation to establish whether, in high cardiovascular risk subjects, the addition of omega-3 to statin therapy may prevent or reduce major cardiovascular events.
Cardiovascular and Other Outcomes Postintervention With Insulin Glargine and Omega-3 Fatty Acids (ORIGINALE); OBJECTIVE
Treatment of HIV-associated dyslipidemia: A role for omega-3 fatty acids; Both HIV and its treatment, particularly protease inhibitors, can cause dyslipidemia similar to that seen with the metabolic syndrome. The most notable effects are elevated triglyceride levels and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, with or without elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Current recommendations by the National Cholesterol Education Program for HIV-infected persons focus on LDL-C as the primary target of therapy: after lifestyle modifications, statins should be used to lower LDL-C levels. Therapy with fibrates is recommended to lower triglyceride levels. However, omega-3 fatty acids can be an effective means of lowering triglyceride levels as well, particularly in patients with markedly elevated triglyceride levels.
Blood levels of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and the risk of sudden death.; Background: Experimental data suggest that long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids found in fish have antiarrhythmic properties, and a randomized trial suggested that dietary supplements of n-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of sudden death among survivors of myocardial infarction. Whether long-chain n-3 fatty acids are also associated with the risk of sudden death in those without a history of cardiovascular disease is unknown.
Fat-soluble nutrients and Omega-3 fatty acids as modifiable factors influencing preterm birth risk; Preterm birth is a leading cause of child morbidity and mortality, so strategies to reduce early birth must remain a priority. One key approach to enhancing birth outcomes is improving maternal dietary intake. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to discuss mechanisms on perinatal status of fat-soluble nutrients (carotenoids, retinol, tocopherols) and omega-3 fatty acids and how they impact risk for preterm birth. Literature review demonstrates that maternal dietary intake and biological (blood and placental tissue) levels of fat-soluble nutrients during pregnancy may provide antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, and immunomodulatory health benefits. Omega-3 fatty acids also promote increased production of specialized pro-resolving mediators, subsequently mediating inflammation resolution. Combined effects of these nutrients support appropriate placental organogenesis and function. Consequently, fat-soluble nutrients and omega-3 fatty acids serve as strong influencers for preterm birth risk. As dietary intake remains a modifiable factor, future intervention would benefit from a focus on optimizing perinatal status of these specific nutrients.
Is Omega-3 Fatty Acids Enriched Nutrition Support Safe for Critical Ill Patients? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective: To systematically review the effects of omega-3 poly unsaturated fatty acids (FA) enriched nutrition support on the mortality of critically illness patients. Methods: Databases of Medline, ISI, Cochrane Library, and Chinese Biomedicine Database were searched and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were identified. We enrolled RCTs that compared fish oil enriched nutrition support and standard nutrition support. Major outcome is mortality. Methodological quality assessment was conducted based on Modified Jadad's score scale. For control heterogeneity, we developed a method that integrated I-2 test, nutritional support route subgroup analysis and clinical condition of severity. RevMan 5.0 software (The Nordic Cochrane Centre, Copenhagen, Denmark) was used for meta-analysis. Results: Twelve trials involving 1208 patients that met all the inclusion criteria. Heterogeneity existed between the trials. A random model was used, there was no significant effect on mortality RR, 0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI) (0.62, 1.09), p = 0.18. Knowing that the route of fish oil administration may affect heterogeneity, we categorized the trials into two sub-groups: parenteral administration (PN) of omega-3 and enteral administration (EN) of omega-3. Six trials administered omega-3 FA through PN. Pooled results indicated that omega-3 FA had no significant effect on mortality, RR 0.76, 95% CI (0.52, 1.10), p = 0.15. Six trials used omega-3 fatty acids enriched EN. After excluded one trial that was identified as source of heterogeneity, pooled data indicated omega-3 FA enriched EN significant reduce mortality, RR=0.69, 95% CI [0.53, 0.91] (p = 0.007). Conclusion: Omega-3 FA enriched nutrition support is safe. Due to the limited sample size of the included trials, further large-scale RCTs are needed.
Nutraceuticals and Prevention of Atherosclerosis: Focus on ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Mediterranean Diet Polyphenols; P>Nutraceuticals are potentially healthful foods that play a role in maintaining human well being, enhancing health and preventing, or even treating, specific diseases. More than for any other diseases, cardiovascular diseases occur in association with risk factors that are amenable to prevention or treatment by nutraceutical interventions. Several ingredients marketed for use in dietary supplements address such risk factors. The ability of nutraceuticals to favorably influence cardiovascular risk factors and atherosclerotic vascular disease should be recognized as an enormous opportunity for the prevention or treatment of this common condition. In this review, we attempt at summarizing some of the recent research findings on omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids and antioxidant polyphenols that have beneficial cardiovascular effects to update the practicing clinicians on the potential benefits of nutraceuticals in this area.
ω-3 Fatty acids (fish oil) as an anti-inflammatory:: an alternative to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for discogenic pain; Background: The use of NSAID medications is a well-established effective therapy for both acute and chronic nonspecific neck and back pain. Extreme complications, including gastric ulcers, bleeding, myocardial infarction, and even deaths, are associated with their use. An alternative treatment with fewer side effects that also reduces the inflammatory response and thereby reduces pain is believed to be omega-3 EFAs found in fish oil. We report our experience in a neurosurgical practice using fish oil supplements for pain relief.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Prevention of Mood and Anxiety Disorders; Psychiatric disorders in general, and major depression and anxiety disorders in particular, account for a large burden of disability, morbidity and premature mortality worldwide. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have a range of neurobiological activities in modulation of neurotransmitters, anti inflammation, anti oxidation and neuroplasticity, which could contribute to psychotropic effects. Here we reviewed recent research on the benefits of omega-3 PUFA supplements in prevention against major depression, bipolar disorders, interferon a induced depression patients with chronic hepatitis C viral infection, and post traumatic stress disorder. The biological mechanisms underlying omega-3 PUFAs' psychotropic effects are proposed and reviewed. Nutrition is a modifiable environmental factor that might be important in prevention medicine, which have been applied for many years in the secondary prevention of heart disease with omega-3 PUFAs. This review extends the notion that nutrition in psychiatry is a modifiable environmental factor and calls for more researches on prospective clinical studies to justify the preventive application of omega-3 PUFAs in daily practice.
Synergistic effects of Ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation and programmed cell death protein 1 blockade on tumor growth and immune modulation in a xenograft model of esophageal cancer; Background: Esophageal cancer, especially esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), remains a significant global health challenge with limited survival rates. This study aimed to elucidate the combined effects of immune-modulating nutrition (IMN) with S & egrave;-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation and anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) treatment on tumor growth and immune responses in a xenograft model of ESCC. Methods: A total of 36 C57BL/6 mice were used to construct a xenograft model using the mouse esophageal cancer cell line AKR. Mice were subjected to treatment with antiPD-1 antibody combined with either S & egrave;-3 PUFA-rich or S & egrave;-3 PUFA-deficient nutrition. Tumor growth, immune markers, cytokine profiles, and metabolic changes were evaluated. Results: The combination of anti-PD-1 and S & egrave;-3 PUFA supplementation significantly inhibited tumor growth more effectively than anti-PD-1 treatment alone. Enhanced expression of immune markers PDL1 and CD3 was observed in S & egrave;-3 PUFA-fed mice. Additionally, compared with anti-PD-1 therapy and anti-PD-1 plus S & egrave;-3 PUFA-deficient nutrition, S & egrave;-3 PUFAs intensified alterations in key chemokines and cytokines, including elevated IL -12, IFN- g , and GM-CSF levels, and reduced CXCL12 levels. However, S & egrave;3 PUFAs did not significantly alter the glycolysis and tryptophan metabolic program induced by antiPD-1. Conclusion: Our findings indicated the potential synergetic therapeutic benefits of combining anti-PD-1 treatment with S & egrave;-3 PUFA supplementation in ESCC, which offered promising avenue for further research. (c) 2024 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 Fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: the story is not over yet; A large body of evidences suggest a beneficial role of n-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on cardiovascular disease, but recent observations and meta-analyses have raised doubts on their real efficacy. Many of these analyses, however, should be interpreted with caution, because of methodological shortcomings, heterogeneity of population, variability of drug dose and composition and other interpretation issues, and are not able to convincingly confute the results of the major clinical trials. Indeed, they demonstrated the efficacy of n-3 PUFAs at least in particular subset of individuals, such as post-acute myocardial infarction patients, at high risk of ventricular arrhythmias. The utilization of n-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids in the current clinical practice should not be withheld, yet.
Obesity and smoking increases the risk of coronary heart diseases by lowering the omega-3 index: a cross-sectional study; Background: Omega-3 index is considered as a potential risk factor for coronary heart disease (CHD) morbidity and mortality, especially sudden cardiac death.
The omega-3 index as a risk factor for coronary heart disease; Because blood concentrations of n-3 (or omega-3) fatty acids (FAs) (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) are a strong reflection of dietary intake, it is proposed that a n-3 FA biomarker, the omega-3 index (erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid), be considered as a potential risk factor for coronary heart disease mortality, especially sudden cardiac death. The omega-3 index fulfills many of the requirements for a risk factor including consistent epidemiologic evidence, a plausible mechanism of action, a reproducible assay, independence from classic risk factors, modifiability, and, most important, the demonstration that raising levels will reduce risk for cardiac events. Measuring membrane concentrations of n-3 FAs is a rational approach to biostatus assessment as these FAs appear to exert their beneficial met abolic effects because of their actions in membranes. They alter membrane physical characteristics and the activity of membrane-bound proteins, and, once released by intracellular phospholipases from membrane stores, they can interact with ion channels, be converted into a wide variety of bioactive eicosanoids, and serve as ligands for several nuclear transcription factors, thereby altering gene expression. The omega-3 index compares very favorably with other risk factors for sudden cardiac death. Proposed omega-3 index risk zones are (in percentages of erythrocyte FAs): high risk, <4%; intermediate risk, 4-8%; and low risk, > 8%. Before assessment of n-3 FA biostatus can be used in routine clinical evaluation of patients, standardized laboratory methods and quality control materials must become available.
Perioperative omega-3 fatty acids for liver surgery A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: The effect of perioperative omega-3 fatty acids for liver surgery remained controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the influence of omega-3 fatty acids versus placebo in patients undergoing liver surgery. Methods: We have searched PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO, and Cochrane library databases through May 2020, and included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effect of omega-3 fatty acids versus placebo for liver surgery. This meta-analysis was performed using the random-effect model. Results: Five RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, compared with control group for liver surgery, omega-3 fatty acids were associated with substantially reduced incidence of infection (odd ratio [OR]=0.56; 95% confidence interval [CI] =0.34-0.91; P = .02), but revealed no remarkable influence on complications (OR = 0.60; 95% CI = 0.29-1.24; P = .17), mortality (OR = 0.76; 95% CI = 0.06-9.37; P = .83), liver failure (OR = 0.72; 95% CI = 0.10 to 5.00; P = 0.74), biliary leakage (OR=1.24; 95% CI = 0.41 to 3.76; P = .70), bleeding (OR = 1.76; 95% CI = 0.63-4.95; P = .28), or ileus (OR = 0.39; 95% CI = 0.07-2.05; P = .27). Conclusion: Perioperative omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial to reduce the incidence of infection after liver surgery.
Cytochrome P450-dependent metabolism of ω-6 and ω-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; Dietary fish oil omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), protect against arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death using largely unknown mechanisms. EPA and DHA may serve as efficient alternative substrates of arachidonic acid (AA) metabolizing cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes. For many of the CYP isoforms, the n-3 PUFAs are the preferred substrates. Moreover, the CYP enzymes oxygenate EPA and DHA with largely different regioselectivities compared to AA. In particular, the omega-3 double bond that distinguishes EPA and DHA from AA is a preferred site of CYP-catalyzed epoxidation reactions. Given the pivotal role of CYP-dependent AA metabolites in the regulation of vascular, renal and cardiac functions, their replacement by unique sets of epoxy- and hydroxy-metabolites derived from EPA and DHA may have far-reaching physiological implications. The currently available data suggest that some of the vasculo- and cardioprotective effects attributed to dietary n-3 PUFAs may be mediated by CYP-dependent metabolites of EPA and DHA.
EXCLUSION OF ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID FROM RAT DIET .1. EFFECT ON REPRODUCTION AND POST NATAL GROWTH; The effects of a dietary alphalinolenic acid (18: 3w3) deficiency on reproduction and post natal growth in rats during 3 succesive generations were studied. Female rats received respectively a diet with sunflower oil at 10% (deficient diet) or a diet with soya oil at 10% (control diet). The results showed that in our experimental conditions deficient diet affects: fecundity, fertility, post natal growth and cause a high rates of perinatal mortality from birth to post partum day 3: Perinatal mortality increased with succesive gestation from 14.6% to 18.6% compared with the survival of control. The fatty acid composition of placenta phospholipids and milk lipids reflected the nature of the dietary oil. The possibility that 18: 3w3 might function in a way different from the EFA role of 18: 2w6 in reproduction at least in rats has been discussed.
Association of Fish and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake with Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Middle-Aged to Elderly Japanese Men and Women: The Toon Health Study; Fish and omega-3 fatty acid consumption is known to be beneficial for cardiometabolic health. However, the related evidence for individuals with a relatively higher intake of fish or omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids, e.g., Japanese individuals, is scarce. Therefore, this study aimed to examine the association of fish and omega-3 fatty acid intakes with the carotid intima-media thickness (C-IMT) in the Japanese population. In total, 1803 Japanese men and women aged 30-84 years without a history of myocardial infarction or angina pectoris were included in the study. The fish and omega-3 fatty acid intakes were estimated using food frequency questionnaires. The C-IMT was measured using ultrasound imaging, and the participants were classified into three groups: normal, moderate (1.1 to 1.4 mm of maximum C-IMT), and severely increased C-IMT (>= 1.5 mm). Multinomial logistic regression models were used to calculate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) of the presence of moderately and severely increased C-IMT. The omega-3 fatty acid intake was shown to be associated with lower odds of severely increased C-IMT. The multivariable-adjusted OR (95%CI) was 0.55 (0.31-0.97; p for trend = 0.04). We also found a borderline significant negative association between fish intake and the presence of severely increased C-IMT. In conclusion, omega-3 fatty acid intake might protect against the development of atherosclerosis in the Japanese population.
EFFECTS OF DIFFERENT DOSES OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND LIPOPROTEINS IN DISLIPIDEMIC PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Twenty one male patients aged 35 to 70 years, with coronary artery disease and dislipidemia refractory to dietary treatment, were assigned to three parallel groups of 7 individuals each that received a supplemental dose of 2, 4 and 6 g/day of omega-3 fatty acids during 60 days. After a 30 days wash-out period and 60 of supplementation, subjects were weighed, a dietary survey was performed, serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides, the lipid content of serum lipoproteins and the content of EPA+DHA in plasma phospholipids were measured, A dose dependent increase in EPA+DHA content of phospholipids and no changes in weight or nutrient intake were observed during the supplementation period. With the 6 g dose, a significant reduction in total cholesterol, with a reduction in VLDL and increase in LDL cholesterol and a decline in VLDL triglycerides was observed. With the 4 g dose a reduction in total cholesterol at the expense of VLDL and HDL cholesterol and a reduction in VLDL triglycerides but no changes in total triglycerides was observed. No changes in serum lipids were observed with 2 g dose. In patients with type IIA hyperlipidemia, a significant positive correlation was observed between DHA+EPA content of plasma phospholipids and LDL cholesterol, this correlation was not observed in patients with IIB or IV phenotypes. It is concluded that omega-3 fatty acids are ineffective as the only treatment for dislipidemias refractory to diet.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Gestational Length in a High-Risk Psychiatric Population Due to Psychiatric Morbidity and Medication Exposure During Pregnancy; Objective: Premature birth is associated with infant morbidity and mortality. Women with psychiatric disorders represent an at-risk population for premature delivery and other obstetrical complications. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between omega-3 fatty acid use and length of gestation.
Serum concentration of dihomo-γ-linolenic acid is associated with cognitive function and mild cognitive impairment in coronary artery disease patients; Background: The relation between levels of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and cognitive function and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) is unclear. The purpose of the present study was to examine the associations between levels of n-6 PUFAs and cognitive function and MCI in patients with CAD.
FISH FOOD, FISH OIL AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; During recent years there has been growing interest in the possibility that dietary fish confers some protection against ischaemic heart disease. In four prospective studies, people who ate moderate amounts of fish tend to have a lower mortality from heart disease than persons who ate little or no fish. A randomized controlled trial showed that mortality after myocardial infarction was less among men who were advised to increase their intake of fatty fish than in a control group. Studies of fish oil administered to volunteers suggest that it is the omega-3 fatty acids which are responsible. The effects of fish oil include a reduction in serum triglyceride concentration, a reduction in platelet activity, a reduction in blood pressure, and (in animals) prevention of arrhythmias. Some of these effects require doses much larger than those that would normally be supplied by dietary fish.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplement skin cancer prophylaxis in lung transplant recipients: A randomized, controlled pilot trial; BACKGROUND: Lung transplant recipients (LTRs) are at very high risk of skin cancer. Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are anti-inflammatory and immune-modulating and could potentially reduce this risk. We assessed the feasibility of omega-3 FA supplementation to reduce skin cancer among these patients.
Fish and seafood consumption and omega 3 intake in French coastal populations: CALIPSO survey; Objective: To describe part of the results of the CALIPSO study, i.e. to provide seafood consumption data on high seafood consumers in France and its contribution to n-3 long-chain (LC) PUFA intake.
Anti-inflammatory properties of omega-3 fatty acids in critical illness: novel mechanisms and an integrative perspective; Introduction: Fish oil-based nutrition is protective in severe critical care conditions. Regulation of the activity of transcription factor NF-kappa B is an important therapeutic effect of the major omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA and DHA).
Effect of dietary omega-3 on heart rate variability in fatty acid deficiency hooded rats; Introduction: Recent reports in adult humans suggest that heart rate variability is modulated by the concentration of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) contained in blood cell membranes.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Benefits and Endpoints in Sport; The influence of nutrition has the potential to substantially affect physical function and body metabolism. Particular attention has been focused on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), which can be found both in terrestrial features and in the marine world. They are responsible for numerous cellular functions, such as signaling, cell membrane fluidity, and structural maintenance. They also regulate the nervous system, blood pressure, hematic clotting, glucose tolerance, and inflammatory processes, which may be useful in all inflammatory conditions. Animal models and cell-based models show that n-3 PUFAs can influence skeletal muscle metabolism. Furthermore, recent human studies demonstrate that they can influence not only the exercise and the metabolic response of skeletal muscle, but also the functional response for a period of exercise training. In addition, their potential anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity may provide health benefits and performance improvement especially in those who practice physical activity, due to their increased reactive oxygen production. This review highlights the importance of n-3 PUFAs in our diet, which focuses on their potential healthy effects in sport.
Improved n-3 fatty acid status does not modulate insulin resistance in <i>fa</i>/<i>fa</i> Zucker rats; The objective was to examine the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid type (plant vs fish oil-derived n-3, compared to n-6 fatty acids in the presence of constant proportions of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids) on obesity, insulin resistance and tissue fatty acid composition in genetically obese rats. Six-week-old fa/fa and lean Zucker rats were fed with a 10% (w/w) mixed fat diet containing predominantly flax-seed, menhaden or safflower oils for 9 weeks. There was no effect of dietary lipid on obesity, oral glucose tolerance (except t=60 min insulin), pancreatic function or molecular markers related to insulin, glucose and lipid metabolism, despite increased n-3 fatty acids in muscle and adipose tissue. The menhaden oil diet reduced fasting serum free fatty acids in both fa/fa and lean rats. These data suggest that n-3 composition does not alter obesity and insulin resistance in the fa/fa Zucker rat model when dietary lipid classes are balanced. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Low Serum n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid/n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratio Predicts Neurological Deterioration in Japanese Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke; Background: Epidemiological and clinical trials have shown that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce the incidence of coronary heart disease or stroke. However, the association between PUFAs and acute-phase stroke has not yet been thoroughly studied. We investigated the impact of serum PUFAs on early neurological deterioration (END) in patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: In this retrospective study, we enrolled 281 Japanese patients (mean age: 75 +/- 13 years; 165 males) with acute ischemic stroke diagnosed within 24 h of onset. General blood examinations, including PUFAs (n-3 PUFAs: eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA, and n-6 PUFAs: arachidonic acid, AA), were performed on admission. Other risk factors and comorbidities were also examined. END was defined as a >= 2-point increase in the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score within a 72-hour period. Statistical significance between the END and non-END group was assessed using Wilcoxon rank sum tests or Student's t tests for categorical variables. Multiple logistic regression analyses were performed to identify predictors of END. Results: END was observed in 75 patients (26.7%). Diabetes mellitus (p = 0.003), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) level (p < 0.001), prior stroke (p = 0.035), ischemic heart disease (p = 0.029), EPA/AA ratio (p = 0.003), DHA/AA ratio (p = 0.002), EPA+ DHA/AA ratio (p = 0.002), diagnosis of small vessel disease (p = 0.004) and admission NIHSS score (p < 0.001) were significantly associated with END. We used separate multiple logistic regression analyses for the EPA/AA, DHA/AA and EPA+ DHA/AA ratios, because EPA and DHA are considered covariant factors (r = 0.544; p < 0.0001). Multiple logistic regression analyses showed that END was positively associated with diabetes mellitus, hs-CRP level and NIHSS score on admission, and negatively associated with the EPA/AA ratio (odds ratio, OR: 0.18; 95% confidence interval, CI: 0.05-0.58; p = 0.003), DHA/AA ratio (OR: 0.045; 95% CI: 0.006-0.30; p = 0.001), EPA+ DHA/AA ratio (OR: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.26-0.74; p = 0.002) and diagnosis of small vessel disease. Conclusions: Our data suggest that a low serum n-3 PUFA/n-6 PUFA ratio on admission may predict neurological deterioration in Japanese patients with acute ischemic stroke. Largescale prospective studies are further required to clarify the role of PUFAs in the acute phase of ischemic stroke. (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Omega-3 microbial oils from marine thraustochytrids as a sustainable and technological solution: A review and patent landscape; Background: Oils rich in omega-3 have been of industrial and economic importance, mainly for its benefits in human and animal health. Fish is considered the primary source for obtaining omega-3. The resurgence of interest in the use of omega-3 as a functional food has led to the need of alternative sources in this growing market.
Interactions between dietary <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and genetic variants and risk of disease; Nutritional genomics has undergone rapid development and the concept is now very popular with the general public. Therefore, there is increasing demand for knowledge on adapting dietary composition to the genome. Our aim has been to undertake a systematic review so as to find out the level of evidence existing on whether the effects of n-3 fatty acids on health can be modulated by genetic variation. A systematic literature search was conducted on studies that jointly analyse the effect of one or more genetic variants in candidate genes and n-3 fatty acids. Both observational and experimental studies were included. Results are classified in accordance with whether the study was undertaken on intermediate phenotypes (plasma lipid concentrations, glucose, inflammation markers, anthropometric measurements) or disease phenotypes (cancer, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome, etc) and whether it was experimental or observational. A wide diversity of genetic variants and little consistency in the publication of replication studies was found. Greater consistency was observed in studies that involved the FADS1 and FADS2 locus in the determination of n-3 fatty acid concentrations in biological samples. Most of the studies were designed to measure gene-diet interactions and not diet-gene interactions. Despite the fact that multiple studies have shown statistically significant interactions between n-3 fatty acids and certain genetic variants on intermediate and disease phenotypes, the individual level of evidence is very low and recommendations cannot be made on increasing or reducing the intake of n-3 fatty acids based on each individual's genotype.
Plant compared with marine n-3 fatty acid effects on cardiovascular risk factors and outcomes: what is the verdict?; Plants provide alpha-linolenic acid [ALA; 18:3n-3 (18:3 omega-3)], which can be converted via eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), which is required for normal visual and cognitive function. Dietary ALA is provided mainly by vegetable oils, especially soybean and rapeseed oils, but is destroyed by partial hydrogenation; it is also present in high amounts in walnuts and flaxseed. Dietary EPA and DHA are provided mainly by fish and so are absent from vegan diets and only present in trace amounts in vegetarian diets. Vegetarians and vegans have lower proportions of DHA in blood and tissue lipids compared with omnivores. High intakes of EPA and DHA (typically in the range of 3-5 g/d) but not ALA have favorable effects on several cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and have been postulated to delay arterial aging and cardiovascular mortality, but these intakes are beyond the range of normal dietary intake. Arterial stiffness, which is a measure of arterial aging, appears to be lower in vegans than in omnivores; and risk of CVD in vegetarians and vegans is approximately one-third that in omnivores. Prospective cohort studies showed higher intakes of EPA+DHA, and less consistently ALA, to be associated with a lower risk of CVD, especially fatal coronary heart disease, but meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of supplementation of EPA+DHA or ALA in secondary prevention of CVD showed no clear benefit. Current evidence is insufficient to warrant advising vegans and vegetarians to supplement their diets with EPA or DHA for CVD prevention.
Effects of milk enriched with ω-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background & aims: Patients with metabolic syndrome (MS) have increased cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary modifications mainly polyunsatturated fatty acids intake, can improve them. The present study was performed to assess the effects of enriched milk with omega-3 and oleic fatty acids, folic acid and vitamin E, in these patients.
Effects of Statins on Serum n-3 to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratios in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; Background: A low n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) ratio is reported to be associated with cardiovascular events. However, the effects of statins on this ratio have not been fully examined.Methods: A total of 101 patients with coronary artery disease, who were not receiving lipid-lowering therapy were randomly assigned to receive either 4 mg/day of pitavastatin or 20 mg/day of pravastatin. Serum PUFA levels were measured at baseline and 8 months after treatment with statins.Results: Pitavastatin was used to treat 51 patients and the remaining 50 patients were treated using pravastatin. A significant positive correlation was observed between the percent change in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and that in dihomogamma-linolenic acid (r = .376, P = .007), arachidonic acid (AA; r = .316, P = .02), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; r = .408, P = .003), or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; r = .270, P = .056) in the pitavastatin group. However, these correlations were not observed in the pravastatin group. The DHA/AA ratio decreased significantly in the pitavastatin group only (from 0.96 to 0.83, P = .0002) and the DHA/AA ratio was significantly lower in the pitavastatin group at 8 months (0.83 vs 0.96, P = .03). The EPA/AA ratio did not show significant changes in either group.Conclusions: Pitavastatin decreased the serum DHA/AA ratio, whereas pravastatin had no effect on this ratio. Neither pitavastatin nor pravastatin had an effect on the serum EPA/AA ratio in patients with coronary artery disease.
Omega-3 Dietary Supplements and the Risk of Cardiovascular Events: A Systematic Review; Background: Epidemiologic data suggest that omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil reduce cardiovascular disease. The clinical benefit of dietary fish oil supplementation in preventing cardiovascular events in both high and low risk patients is unclear.
Omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids: partners in prevention; Purpose of review
Efficacy of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements (Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid) in the Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease <i>A Meta-analysis of Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Trials</i>; Background: Although previous randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials reported the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplements in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD), the evidence remains inconclusive. Using a meta-analysis, we investigated the efficacy of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the secondary prevention of CVD.
INSULIN TUMOR INTERRELATIONSHIPS IN EL4-LYMPHOMA OR THYMOMA-BEARING MICE .2. EFFECTS OF DIETARY OMEGA-3 AND OMEGA-6 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS; Male C57BL/65 mice received a basal diet supplemented with 4% soya-bean oil, linseed oil or fish oil, in which the major polyunsaturated fatty acids were linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid and long chain omega-3 fatty acids, respectively. Groups of animals were injected into the right flank with EL43-lymphoma cells, others with thymoma cells. Tumour implantation caused a gradual decrease in food consumption with both types of tumour, while body weight increased, especially in the EL4-bearing animals receiving the soya-bean diet. The weight gain was due to body water accumulation and was accompanied by decreases in body fat and minor changes in carcass protein and ash contents. The dietary treatments did not produce significant differences in tumour incidence and mortality, but tumour size was decreased by diets supplying omega-3 fatty acids: in the EL4 mice tumour weight was markedly depressed by linseed oil, compared to soya-bean oil, whereas thymoma tumour weight was lowest in mice receiving fish oil and highest in the soya-bean oil group. Both types of tumour caused pronounced hypoglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in the hosts, and the effect was modulated by the diets in the EL4 but not in the thymoma animals: the plasma glucose level was especially low in the linseed oil group and relatively highest in the soya-bean oil treatment. The degree of hyperinsulinaemia depended on the diet only in the thymoma-bearing mice, with linseed and fish oils producing higher insulin levels than soya-bean oil. A slight hyperinsulinaemia was also observed in linseed and fish oil-fed control mice. Serum triglycerides were elevated in tumour-bearing animals, without consistent differences between dietary treatments. Although no clear pattern emerged concerning total cholesterol and LDL levels, HDL values were strongly affected by the type of oil: in the control animals linseed oil caused an increase in HDL-cholesterol compared to the other two oils. The thymoma-bearing mice responded to the linseed and fish oil diets with greatly elevated HDL-cholesterol levels. The results point to important differences in the responses of the two implanted tumours and hosts not only to the omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids, but also to the type of dietary omega-3 fatty acids, namely alpha-linolenic acid and long chain fish oil polyunsaturated fatty acids.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Serum Adipocytokines, Lipid Profile and Biochemical Markers of Inflammation in Recreational Runners; Background: The study aimed to evaluate the effects of a 3-week omega-3 PUFA supplementation on serum adipocytokines (i.e., adiponectin, leptin), neuregulin-4 (NRG4) and erythrocyte omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acid content, as well as the blood antioxidant defense capacity in non-elite endurance runners. Methods: Twenty-four runners were randomized into two groups: the supplemented group, who received omega free fatty acids extract containing 142 mg of EPA, 267 mg of DHA, 12 mg of vitamin E and 5 mu g of vitamin D, each administrated at a dose of six capsules twice a day for three weeks, or the placebo group. Venous blood samples were withdrawn at the start and at the end of the study protocols to estimate serum biochemical variables. Results: A significantly higher omega-3 index and lower AA/EPA ratio was observed after omega-3 PUFA compared to pre-supplementation levels (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). An increase in baseline adiponectin and NRG4 levels, as well as a decrease of leptin concentration and lipid profile improvement, were observed in subjects after a omega-3 PUFA diet. The increased omega-3 index had a significant effect on TNF alpha levels and a serum marker of antioxidant defense. Conclusions: The omega-3 PUFA extract with added vitamin E and D supplementation may have a positive effect on the function of the adipocyte tissue, as well as the ability to prevent cardiovascular complications in athletes.
Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Infusion in Surgical Outcomes of Perforation Peritonitis Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background
Confronting the Residual Cardiovascular Risk Beyond Statins: The Role of Fibrates, Omega-3 Fatty Acids, or Niacin, in Diabetic Patients; Diabetics are regarded a special category of patients known to experience higher rates of cardiovascular complications as compared to the non-diabetic ones. Despite substantial efforts to minimize these risks, with aggressive antiplatelet and lipid lowering therapy, some of the diabetic patients still have a considerable residual risk for cardiovascular adverse events. Important preclinical data with potent lipid-lowering agents, like fibrates, omega-3-fatty acids, and niacin, have shown that they can provide sufficient help in reducing rates of cardiovascular events. In the present review, we are aim to explain their basic mechanisms of action, to present all the available clinical data regarding the efficacy of those agents, and to identify specific diabetic patients' subsets, in whom supplementary therapy with those agents could provide substantial benefit in terms of clinical outcome and not only lipid profile improvement.
Differences in peripheral blood mononuclear cell gene expression and triglyceride composition in lipoprotein subclasses in plasma triglyceride responders and non-responders to omega-3 supplementation; BackgroundIntake of the marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) reduces fasting triglyceride (TG) levels and may thereby lower cardiovascular disease risk. However, there are large inter-individual differences in the TG-lowering effect of omega-3 supplementation. Genotype differences partly explain this variation, but gene-environment interactions leading to gene expression differences may also be important. In this study, we aimed to investigate baseline differences and differences in the change in peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) gene expression and lipoprotein subclass TG levels between TG responders and non-responders to omega-3 fatty acid supplementation.MethodsIn a previous randomized controlled trial, healthy normotriglyceridemic subjects (n=35, 71% women) received 1.6g EPA+DHA/day for 7weeks. In this exploratory sub-study, we defined TG responders as subjects having a TG reduction beyond the 20% day-to-day variation and non-responders as having a TG change between -20% and +20% after omega-3 supplementation. PBMC gene expression was measured using microarray, and lipoprotein subclasses were measured using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.ResultsEight subjects were defined as responders with a median TG reduction of 37%, and 16 subjects were defined as non-responders with a median TG change of 0%. At baseline, responders had higher TG levels in two of four high-density lipoprotein (HDL) subclasses and 909 gene transcripts (p0.05) were differentially expressed compared to non-responders. During the intervention, the plasma TG reduction among responders was reflected in TG reductions in four of six different very low-density lipoprotein subclasses and three of four different HDL subclasses. Compared to non-responders, the expression of 454 transcripts was differentially altered in responders (p0.05). Pathway analyses revealed that responders had altered signaling pathways related to development and immune function. In addition, two of the top 10 enriched pathways in responders compared to non-responders were related to lysophosphatidic acid signaling.ConclusionTG responders and non-responders to omega-3 supplementation have different lipoprotein subclass and PBMC gene expression profiles at baseline and different lipoprotein subclass and PBMC gene expression responses to omega-3 supplementation. These gene expression differences may partially explain the variability in TG response observed after omega-3 supplementation.
Efficacy of ω-3 fatty acids combined with ulinastatin in the treatment of ARDS; Objective: This study aims to investigate the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids with ulinastatin in the treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Methods: A total of 80 ARDS patients were randomly divided into a control group (n=40) and an observation group (n=40). Patients in the control group were treated with ulinastatin, while those in the observation group were treated with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids combined with ulinastatin. The levels of inflammatory factors, and the oxygenation index, acute physiology and chronic health evaluation (APACHE) II score, and plasma osmotic pressure were analyzed. Moreover, the duration of ventilator therapy, residence time in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU), as well as the complications and outcomes were compared between the two groups. Results: The levels of high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-1 (IL-1) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), the APACHE II score, the plasma osmotic pressure, the proportions of pneumothorax, pulmonary hemorrhage, digestive tract ulcer, intracranial hemorrhage and the clinical mortality rate in observation group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05). At 1, 3 and 7 d after treatment, the oxygenation index in the observation group was significantly higher than that in the control group. Moreover, the duration of ventilator therapy, residence time in the ICU and total hospitalization duration in the observation group were all statistically shorter than those in the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion: The combined application of nutritional omega-3 fatty acids with ulinastatin in the treatment of ARDS can significantly alleviate the inflammatory response and shorten the duration of ventilator therapy, which provides basis for the improvement of the overall therapeutic effect.
Omega-3 fatty acids and their influence on hypertension and coronary atherosclerosis: Insights from a Mendelian randomization approach; It has been suggested that Omega-3 fatty acids may improve endothelial thickness and thereby reduce the onset of cardiovascular diseases such as coronary atherosclerosis and hypertension. However, published observational epidemiological studies on the relationship between cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Omega-3 fatty acids remain inconclusive. Here, we performed a two-sample Mendelian randomisation analysis using publicly available GWAS pooled statistics to study a GWAS dataset of 16 380 466 SNPs in 23 363 cases and 195 429 controls (also of European ancestry) to determine genetic susceptibility to hypertension. We performed random-effects Inverse Variance Weighted (IVW) Mendelian Randomization (MR) analyses supplemented by a series of sensitivity assessments to measure the robustness of the findings and to detect any violations of the MR assumptions. During the course of the study, we used IVW, MR-Egger, and weighted median regression to infer that Omega-3 intake has a potentially adverse effect against atherosclerosis, although the trend was not significant (OR = 1.1198; 95%; CI: 0.9641-1.3006, p = .130). Meanwhile, our analyses showed a statistically significant negative association between Omega-3 fatty acid levels and risk of hypertension (OR = 0.9006; 95% CI: 0.8179-0.9917, p = .033). In addition, we explored the causal relationship between atherosclerosis and hypertension and found a significant correlation (OR = 1.3036; 95% CI: 1.0672-1.5923, p = .009). In conclusion, our extensive data investigated by MR suggest that elevated levels of Omega-3 fatty acids may be associated with an decreased risk of hypertension. Although there is no direct link between hypertension and atherosclerosis, the possibility of a subtle association cannot be categorically excluded.
Effects of omega-3 supplementation on endothelial function, vascular structure, and metabolic parameters in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A randomized clinical trial; BackgroundVascular dysfunction is a major complication of diabetes mellitus that leads to cardiovascular disease (CVD). This study aimed to examine the effects of omega-3 consumption on endothelial function, vascular structure, and metabolic parameters in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). MethodsIn this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 51 adolescents (10-18 years) with T1DM completed the study. Patients received 600 mg/day [containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] of omega-3 or placebo for 12 weeks. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD), carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), total cholesterol, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), serum insulin (SI), urine albumin-creatinine ratio (uACR), blood pressure, and anthropometric indices were assessed at the baseline and after the intervention. ResultsFollowing supplementation, omega-3 significantly increased FMD (3.1 +/- 4.2 vs. -0.6 +/- 4%, p = 0.006) and decreased TG (-7.4 +/- 10.7 vs. -0.1 +/- 13.1 mg/dl, p = 0.022) in comparison with the placebo group. However, no significant difference was observed regarding CIMT (-0.005 +/- 0.036 vs. 0.003 +/- 0.021 mm, p = 0.33). Although hs-CRP was significantly decreased within the omega-3 group (p = 0.031); however, no significant change was observed compared to placebo group (p = 0.221). Omega-3 supplementation had no significant effect on other variables. ConclusionGiven the elevation in FMD and reduction in TG, omega-3 supplementation can improve vascular function and may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescents with T1DM patients.
The effects of phosphatidylserine and omega-3 fatty acid-containing supplement on late life depression; Late life depression is often associated with a poor response to antidepressants; therefore an alternative strategy for therapy is required. Although several studies have reported that phosphatidylserine (PS) may be effective for late life depression and that omega-3 fatty acids DHA and EPA have also proven beneficial for many higher mental functions, including depression, no concrete conclusion has been reached. This study was performed to clarify the effect of PS and omega-3 fatty acid-containing supplement for late life depression by not only clinical evaluation but also salivary cortisol levels. Eighteen elderly subjects with major depression were selected for the study. In all, insufficient improvement had been obtained by antidepressant therapy for at least 6 months. The exclusion criteria from prior brain magnetic resonance images (MRI) included the presence of structural MRI findings compatible with stroke or other gross brain lesions or malformations, but not white matter hypersensitivities. They took a supplement containing PS 100 mg, DHA 119 mg and EPA 70 mg three times a day for 12 weeks. The effects of the supplement were assessed using the 17-item Hamilton depression scale (HAM-D17) and the basal levels and circadian rhythm of salivary cortisol. The study adopted them as indices because: salivary cortisol levels are high in patients with depression, their circadian rhythm related to salivary cortisol is often irregular, and these symptoms are alleviated as depression improves. The mean HAM-D17 in all subjects taking the supplement was significantly improved after 12 weeks of taking the supplement. These subjects were divided into 10 non-responders and 8 responders. The basal levels and circadian rhythm of salivary cortisol were normalized in the responders while not in non-responders. PS and omega-3 fatty acids, or other elements of the supplement, may be effective for late life depression, associated with the correction of basal levels and circadian rhythm of salivary cortisol.
Plasma omega-3 fatty acids and incident diabetes in older adults; Background: Although long-chain omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) consumption estimated via food-frequency questionnaires has been associated with a higher incidence of diabetes, limited prospective data on diabetes risk are available that use objective biomarkers of n-3 FAs.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation decreases metabolic syndrome prevalence after lifestyle modification program; The additional effect of omega-3 supplementation in association with lifestyle modification program (LSMP) in free living-adults was evaluated. We studied 39 adults (control group with LSMP (Cl, n = 16) and LSMP plus supplementation of 3 g of fish oil per day (360 mg of docosahexaenoic acid and 540 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid) (G2, n = 23)) during 20 weeks. The fish oil group showed a significant decrease in waist circumference (1.3%) followed by metabolic syndrome reduction (29%) mainly due to normalization of blood pressure (33.3%) and triacylglycerol (27.3%). Omega-3 supplementation provided additional benefits to LSMP in the resolution of metabolic syndrome. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Endocannabinoid system and cardiometabolic risk factors: A comprehensive systematic review insight into the mechanistic effects of omega-3 fatty acids; Increased levels of endocannabinoids, 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) and arachidonoyl ethanolamide (AEA) have a pathophysiological role in the setting of cardiometabolic diseases. This systematic review was carried out to appraise the effect of omega-3 on cardiometabolic risk factors by highlighting the mediating effect of endocannabinoids. SCOPUS, PubMed, Embase, Google Scholar and ProQuest databases were searched until January 2020. All published English-language animal studies and clinical trials that evaluated the effects of omega-3 on cardiometabolic diseases with a focus on endocannabinoids were included. Of 1407 studies, 16 animal studies and three clinical trials were included for analysis. Eleven animal studies and two human studies showed a marked reduction in 2-AG and AEA levels following intake of omega-3 which correlated with decreased adiposity, weight gain and improved glucose homeostasis. Moreover, endocannabinoids were elevated in three studies that replaced omega-3 with omega-6. Omega-3 showed anti-inflammatory properties due to reduced levels of inflammatory cytokines, regulation of T-cells function and increased levels of eicosapentaenoyl ethanolamide, docosahexaenoyl ethanolamide and oxylipins; however, a limited number of studies examined a correlation between inflammatory cytokines and endocannabinoids following omega-3 administration. In conclusion, omega-3 modulates endocannabinoid tone, which subsequently attenuates inflammation and cardiometabolic risk factors. However, further randomized clinical trials are needed before any recommendations are made to target the ECS using omega-3 as an alternative therapy to drugs for cardiometabolic disease improvement.
n-3 fatty acids and the risk of atrial fibrillation, review; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most frequent type of cardiac arrhythmia that affects over six million individuals in Europe. The incidence and prevalence of AF rises with age, and often occurs after cardiac surgery. Other risk factors correlated with AF comprise high blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, left atrial enlargement, ischemic heart disease, and congestive heart failure. Considering the high prevalence of AF in aging societies, strategies to prevent serious complications, such as stroke or heart failure, are important because they are correlated with high morbidity and mortality. The supplementation of sea-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is widely discussed in this context, but the results of experimental and observational studies are in contrast to randomized placebo-controlled intervention trials (RCTs). Specifically, larger placebo-controlled n-3 PUFA supplementation studies with long follow-up showed a dose-dependent rise in incident AF. Daily n-3 PUFA doses of >= 1 g/d are correlated with a 50 % increase in AF risk, whereas a daily intake of <1 g/d causes AF in only 12 %. Individuals with a high cardiovascular risk (CVD) risk and high plasma-triglycerides seem particularly prone to develop AF upon n-3 PUFA supplementation. Therefore, we should exercise caution with n-3 PUFA supplementation especially in patients with higher age, CVD, hypertriglyceridemia or diabetes. In summary, existing data argue against the additive intake of n-3 PUFA for preventative purposes because of an incremental AF risk and lacking CVD benefits. However, more clinical studies are required to disentangle the discrepancy between n-3 PUFA RCTs and observational studies showing a lower CVD risk in individuals who regularly consume n-3 PUFA-rich fish.
Human health implications of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in blubber of the bowhead whale (<i>Balaena mysticetus</i>); Concerns exist regarding the health and nutrition of subsistence-based communities in Alaska. An apparent increase in diabetes, heart disease, obesity, and other disease conditions among Alaska Natives has accompanied their change from a traditional diet to a more '' Western '' diet. In northern Alaska, the meat, maktak (epidermis and blubber), and other products of bowhead whales provide important components of Native diets. This study assessed the fatty acid constituents of bowhead whale blubber to evaluate their possible health benefits. Working with hunters in Barrow, Alaska, we acquired samples for chemical analysis from five blubber depths at each of six body locations. We used gas chromatography-mass spectrometry of fatty-acid picolinyl esters to confirm the fatty-acid composition of samples. Analyses indicated that bowhead blubber contains relatively high levels of omega-3 fatty acids and that, on average, blubber samples from sites at the umbilical girth contain more omega-3 fatty acids than do samples from a girth 1 m caudal to the blowhole (roughly at the axillary girth). Omega-6 fatty acids were rare or undetectable in all samples. Omega-3 fatty acids have been suggested or shown to be important in the treatment or prevention of many diseases, including elevated blood pressure and cholesterol, heart disease, stroke, diabetes, arthritis, depression, and some cancers. Beyond the cultural benefits associated with subsistence hunting of bowhead whales, consumption of bowhead whale blubber provides some important health and nutritional benefits.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and PPARγ in Cancer; Omega-3 (or n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and their metabolites are natural ligands for peroxisome proliferator receptor activator (PPAR)gamma and, due to the effects of PPAR gamma on cell proliferation, survival, and differentiation, are potential anticancer agents. Dietary intake of omega-3 PUFAs has been associated with a reduced risk of certain cancers in human populations and in animal models. In vitro studies have shown that omega-3 PUFAs inhibit cell proliferation and induce apoptosis in cancer cells through various pathways but one of which involves PPAR gamma activation. The differential activation of PPAR gamma and PPAR gamma-regulated genes by specific dietary fatty acids may be central to their distinct roles in cancer. This review summarizes studies relating PUFAs to PPAR gamma and cancer and offers a new paradigm relating an n-3 PUFA through PPAR gamma to the expression of the cell surface proteoglycan, syndecan-1, and to the death of cancer cells. Copyright (C) 2008 I. J. Edwards and J. T. O'Flaherty.
Rounding the corner on residual risk: Implications of REDUCE-IT for omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids treatment in secondary prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Patients with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease remain at increased risk of major adverse cardiovascular events even during optimal lipid-lowering therapy. Recent studies using the methods of Mendelian randomization, as well as analyses of data from large statin trials, have concluded that elevated triglyceride (TG) levels contribute to that increased risk. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) from fish and shellfish (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) reduce TG levels when added to the diet in sufficient amounts, and they have favorable effects on several other markers of CV risk. However, trials of omega-3 PUFAs have had inconsistent findings regarding CV risk reduction. Recently, the REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with EPA-Intervention Trial) trial reported that treatment of such high-risk patients with icosapent ethyl, a purified and stabilized ethyl ester of EPA, reduced the risk of the trial's primary CV endpoint by 25% (95% confidence intervals [CI], 32%-17%; P < .001). To appreciate the clinical implications of this result, it is important to understand how the REDUCE-IT trial differed from previous trials, especially with regard to patient enrollment criteria and treatment dosing. We discuss these design features relative to other trials. TG lowering can account for only part of the risk reduction seen with icosapent ethyl; we also consider other potential contributory mechanisms.
Benefits of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on Serum Paraoxonase 1 Activity and Lipids Ratios in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on serum paraoxonase 1 activity and lipids ratios in polycystic ovary syndrome.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids: A Growing Ocean of Choices; There has been increasing interest in the health benefits of supplemental and/or dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly in their role in disease prevention. This interest escalated once their effects on cardiovascular health were observed from numerous observational studies in populations whose diet consisted mainly of fish. Research has since been undertaken on omega-3 PUFAs to investigate their health benefits in a vast array of medical conditions, including primary and secondary prevention. This article discusses the evidence and controversies concerning omega-3 PUFAs in various health conditions. In addition to the effects on cardiovascular health, omega-3 PUFAs have been shown to prevent the development of dementia, reduce systemic inflammatory diseases, prevent prostate cancer, and possibly have a role in the treatment of depression and bipolar disorder.
Role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of delirium in mechanically ventilated patients; Background: Inflammation is an important mechanism in the pathogenesis of delirium. Since delirium might reduce by anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 fatty acids. Based on this respect, a study was conducted to indicate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of delirium in mechanically ventilated patients. Materials and Methods: This study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. One hundred and sixty-eight mechanically ventilated patients were selected in the investigation. Patients were randomly allocated to receive either 2 g of omega-3 syrup or placebo once a day. Twice daily delirium was assessed due to Confusion Assessment Method and the Richmond Agitation-Sedation Scale. The number of days with delirium during the first 10 days of admission was the primary outcome. Secondary outcomes had been included duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit (ICU) stay, and mortality. Results: Patient-days with delirium (P = 0.032), the number of ICU stay (P = 0.02), and mechanical ventilation (P = 0.042) days in omega-3 group significantly were lower than control group. Mortality was not significantly different between two groups. Conclusion: Omega-3 fatty acids can reduce the risk of delirium in mechanically ventilated patients.
A High-Throughput Method for the Analysis of Erythrocyte Fatty Acids and the Omega-3 Index; Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) have several health benefits. In particular, low n-3 LCPUFA status is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and led to the development of the omega-3 index that is the proportion of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the erythrocyte membranes, as a marker of CVD risk. Most methods used to measure the omega-3 index are laborious and time consuming. Therefore, the aim of this study was to develop a high-throughput method for the extraction and measurement of erythrocyte fatty acids and the omega-3 index. For sample extraction and quantification, two methods were used; a single-step extraction, degradation, and derivatization method by Lepage and Roy, followed by gas chromatography flame ionization detection (GC-FID), which is commonly used and a high-throughput method using an automated methyl tert-butyl ether extraction followed by electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. Both methods were first applied to the analysis of known concentrations of synthetic phospholipid (PL) mixtures to determine recovery and precision prior to their application in the analysis of human erythrocytes. The range of recoveries over five synthetic PL mixtures were 86.4-108.9% and the coefficient of variation was <10% (within-run) and 15.2% (between-run). Both methods showed high correlation (R = 0.993) for the omega-3 index and there was no systematic bias in the detection of omega-3 index using either method. The new high-throughput method described here offers considerable advantages in terms of simplicity and throughput compared to the GC-FID method and provides additional information on molecular PL concentrations.
Prescription omega-3 carboxylic acids for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia; The role of omega-3 (OM3) fatty acids in the reduction of elevated triglycerides is well recognized. This has prompted the development of concentrated OM3 drugs for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, a condition that may increase risk for cardiovascular disease and pancreatitis. Intestinal absorption of currently available OM3 ethyl ester drugs depends on the activity of pancreatic lipases, largely stimulated by dietary fat. As many patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia are advised to minimize fat intake, there is a need for a product with high bioavailability, irrespective of meal timing and fat content. This review will discuss a novel OM3 carboxylic acid drug (Epanova (R), AstraZeneca, DE, USA) that has been approved as an adjunct to diet for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia.
Omega-3 fatty acids predict recurrent venous thromboembolism or total mortality in elderly patients with acute venous thromboembolism; BackgroundThe role of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) in recurrent venous thromboembolism (VTE) remains unknown.
Serum ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Potential Influence Factors in Elderly Patients with Multiple Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Recent clinical trials failed to demonstrate that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplement reduced cardiovascular events, which contradicted previous evidence. However, serum omega-3 PUFA concentrations of participants remained unclear in those studies. We aimed to investigate the definite relationship between serum concentrations of omega-3 PUFAs and coronary artery disease (CAD), and to explore the potential influence factors of omega-3 PUFAs. We selected Chinese in-patients (n = 460) with multiple cardiovascular risk factors or an established diagnosis of CAD. Serum omega-3 PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), were measured by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry. Serum concentrations of omega-3 PUFAs in CAD patients were lower than that in patients with cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, high serum DHA concentration was an independent protective factor of CAD after adjustment for confounding factors (OR: 0.52, p = 0.014). Alcohol intake (p = 0.036) and proton pump inhibitor (PPI) usage (p = 0.027) were associated with a decreased serum omega-3 PUFA concentration. We conclude that serum concentrations of omega-3 PUFAs may associate with a decreased CAD proportion, and DHA may serve as a protective factor of CAD. Serum omega-3 PUFA concentrations may be reduced by alcohol intake and certain drugs like PPIs.
Omega-3 Use for the Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia, Low High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels, and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Children with Obesity; Background: Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation has been investigated in treating elevated triglycerides (TGs), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) in adults, but has not been well studied in youth with obesity. This retrospective study examined the effectiveness of omega-3 as an adjunct therapy for these conditions in patients participating in a pediatric weight management program (PWMP).
Resolution of a therapy-resistant focal atrial tachycardia after omega-3 fatty acid supplementation; We report on a 14-year-old boy with focal atrial tachycardia. After failure of catheter ablation and medical therapy he received 2 g omega-3 fatty acid supplementation while waiting on repeat ablation. Focal atrial tachycardia disappeared 4 weeks later and antiarrhythmic therapy was terminated. We discuss the antiarrhythmic effect of omega 3-fatty acids on the autonomous nervous system based upon six 24-hour Holter electrocardiographs.
Relationships of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids with esophageal diseases: a two-sample Mendelian randomization analysis; Introduction Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been widely studied and used as nutritional supplements because of their anti-inflammatory effects. Previous studies have shown an association between polyunsaturated fatty acids such as omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs with the development of malignant tumors. However, the relationships of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs with esophageal diseases have not been characterized.Methods Mendelian randomization (MR) is a statistical method for identifying instrumental variables (IVs) from genome-wide association study (GWAS) data, and is associated with little confounding by environmental or other disease-related factors. We used genome-wide association study (GWAS) data from previously published studies on circulating concentrations of omega-3, omega-6, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and linoleic acid (LA), as well as esophageal cancer and other esophageal diseases, which were downloaded from the IEU OpenGwas database (https://gwas.mrcieu.ac.uk/) and the GWAS Catalog database (https://www.ebi.ac.uk/). The inverse variance-weighted approach was used as the principal analysis, and the MR-Egger and weighted median methods were used alongside. A series of sensitivity analyses were used to ensure the robustness of the causality estimates.Results We found that the circulating omega-3 PUFAs concentration was positively associated with esophageal cancer (p = 8 x 10-4), and circulating DHA concentration (the main component of omega-3 in food), was also positively associated with esophageal cancer (p = 2 x 10-2), but no significant association was found between circulating omega-6 PUFAs and esophageal cancer (p = 0.17), and circulating LA concentration (the main component of omega-6 in food), was also no significant associated with esophageal cancer (p = 0.32). We found no significant relationships of circulating omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs concentration with four other esophageal diseases.Conclusion This study indicates that higher levels of circulating omega-3 PUFAs and DHA concentrations may be a risk factor for the development of esophageal cancer. Conversely, an increased omega-6/omega-3 ratio may serve as a protective factor against esophageal cancer. These findings have significant implications for the clinical application of omega-3 PUFAs and the prevention and treatment of esophageal cancer.
Serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and future blood pressure in an ageing population; To investigate the associations of serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and hair mercury with future blood pressure in an ageing population.
OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS - CURRENT STATUS IN CARDIOVASCULAR MEDICINE; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) reduce fasting and postprandial triglycerides, decrease platelet and leucocyte reactivity, and may slightly decrease blood pressure. Omega-3 PUFA may also beneficially influence vessel wall characteristics and blood rheology. Furthermore, these compounds have been shown to inhibit ventricular tachyarrhythmias in animals. Omega-3 PUFA may impair fibrinolysis and could lead to increased oxidation of lipoproteins. Potential adverse effects must not be neglected, but should be viewed in light of the beneficial effects of these agents.
Cardiovascular disease prevention and treatment; The incidence of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular disease (sudden cardiac death (SCD), myocardial infarction, others) varies, depending on conventional risk factors. However, in Western countries, like the US or Germany, incidences of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular disease are far higher than in countries like Japan. In the present article, these differences are discussed and related to eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5omega-3 or C20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6omega-3; DHA). Dietary intake of EPA and DHA and a number of other factors determine levels of EPA and DHA in an individual-best assessed as the omega-3 index, defined as the percentage of EPA and DHA in red cells, and analyzed in a standardized fashion. A review of the literature, expanded by measurements of the omega-3 index, indicates that the risk of sudden cardiac death correlates inversely with the omega-3 index. For persons with an omega-3 index <4%, risk is tenfold, as compared to persons with an omega-3 index >8%. A similar, less-pronounced, correlation exists for non-fatal cardiovascular disease. EPA and DHA have anti-arrhythmic and anti-atherosclerotic mechanisms of action. In large-scale intervention studies, intake of EPA and DHA has been demonstrated to reduce SCD and non-fatal cardiovascular events. Assessing or recommending dietary intake of EPA and DHA does not predict the resulting omega-3 index. Taken together, the omega-3 index is a biomarker to assess a person's content of omega-3 fatty acids, and thus the risk for sudden cardiac death, as well as non-fatal cardiovascular events. EPA and DHA prevent fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular disease and complications of congestive heart failure. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid dose-dependently reduce fasting serum triglycerides; The objectives of this review were to determine whether the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and/or docosahexaenoic acid dose-dependently reduce fasting serum triglycerides (TG) and, if so, to create a mathematical model that may be used to predict potential percent reductions in fasting serum TG levels at the recommended intakes of 200-500 mg/day. The assessment included 15 randomized controlled trials that met pre-defined inclusion and exclusion criteria. Across these 15 studies, the dose-response was modeled using a first-order elimination curve. The response variable was defined as percent change from baseline in fasting serum TG, adjusted for the placebo effect. A weighting factor equal to the product of each study's sample size and quality score was used. Using the equation of the dose-response curve, predicted reductions in fasting serum TG levels at the recommended long-chain omega-3 fatty acid intakes of 200-500 mg/day are 3.1 to 7.2%. (C) 2010 Cantox Health Sciences Inc. Journal compilation (C) 2010 International Life Sciences Institute
The Metabolic Effects of Omega-3 Plant Sterol Esters in Mixed Hyperlipidemic Subjects; The aim of the current study was to evaluate the therapeutic effects of omega-3 plant sterol esters (n-3-PSE) on lipid profile and other coronary heart disease risk factors in subjects with mixed hyperlipidemia.
Positive impact of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in a dog with drug-resistant epilepsy: A case study; Epilepsy is the most common neurological disorder in both dogs and humans. Although the pharmacological options for treatment of epilepsies have increased. it has been reported that two-thirds of dogs with epilepsy are refractory to antiepileptic drug therapy. To our knowledge, there are no experimental Studies in the literature that show an effect of omega-3 supplementation oil epilepsy in dogs. Our case study describes the effectiveness of daily intake of a moderate amount of fish oil in a case of canine epilepsy. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of erythrocyte omega-3 fatty acids with cognition, brain imaging and biomarkers in the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative: cross-sectional and longitudinal retrospective analyses; Background The association between omega-3 (omega-3) PUFAs and cognition, brain imaging and biomarkers is still not fully established. Objectives The aim was to analyze the cross-sectional and retrospective longitudinal associations between erythrocyte omega-3 index and cognition, brain imaging, and biomarkers among older adults. Methods A total of 832 Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative 3 (ADNI-3) participants, with a mean (SD) age of 74.0 (7.9) y, 50.8% female, 55.9% cognitively normal, 32.7% with mild cognitive impairment, and 11.4% with Alzheimer disease (AD) were included. A low omega-3 index (%EPA + %DHA) was defined as the lowest quartile (<= 3.70%). Cognitive tests [composite score, AD Assessment Scale Cognitive (ADAS-Cog), Wechsler Memory Scale (WMS), Trail Making Test, Category Fluency, Mini-Mental State Examination, Montreal Cognitive Assessment] and brain variables [hippocampal volume, white matter hyperintensities (WMHs), positron emission tomography (PET) amyloid-beta (A beta) and tau] were considered as outcomes in regression models. Results Low omega-3 index was not associated with cognition, hippocampal, and WMH volume or brain A beta and tau after adjustment for demographics, ApoE epsilon 4, cardiovascular disease, BMI, and total intracranial volume in the cross-sectional analysis. In the retrospective analysis, low omega-3 index was associated with greater A beta accumulation (adjusted beta = 0.02; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.03; P = 0.003). The composite cognitive score did not differ between groups; however, low omega-3 index was significantly associated with greater WMS-delayed recall cognitive decline (adjusted beta = -1.18; 95% CI: -2.16, -0.19; P = 0.019), but unexpectedly lower total ADAS-Cog cognitive decline. Low omega-3 index was cross-sectionally associated with lower WMS performance (adjusted beta = -1.81, SE = 0.73, P = 0.014) and higher tau accumulation among ApoE epsilon 4 carriers. Conclusions Longitudinally, low omega-3 index was associated with greater A beta accumulation and WMS cognitive decline but unexpectedly with lower total ADAS-Cog cognitive decline. Although no associations were cross-sectionally found in the whole population, low omega-3 index was associated with lower WMS cognition and higher tau accumulation among ApoE epsilon 4 carriers. The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00106899.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAS) dietary improves the metabolic syndrome induce by high fat food; Objective: Metabolic syndrome is affected by the interaction of multiple genes and diverse environmental factors. Among environmental factors, food composition is a major one in modulating the development of metabolic diseases. Using diabetic hamster model, in the present study, we investigated the effects of different n-3 fatty acids diet (n-3 PUFAs) on metabolic disease. Methods: 40 healthy male depuratory hamsters were divided into 4 groups: control group (10% lard), aerobic exercise (EX) group (10% lard), high alpha-linolenic acid (HALA) group (n6/n3, 12.4:1) and low alpha-linolenic acid (LALA) group (n6/n3, 18.4:1). 10 weeks later, the hamsters were fasted for 12 hours and then anaesthetized. After blood samples were collected from femoral artery, all animals were sacrificed, and tissue samples, including the internal organs, skeletal muscles as well as amphi-organs adipose, were harvested. Serum glucose, insulin and lipids were determined. The levels of free fatty acids (FFA), and triacylglycerol (TG) in serum and tissues were also measured. Hepatic lipase (HL) and lipoprotein lipase (LPL) were determined in the tissues of liver, skeletal muscle and adipose. Furthermore, we measured the levels of leptin and TNF-alpha in adipose tissue, PPARs in liver by RT-PCR. Results: N-3 PUFAs did not affect body weight gain induced by high-fat food. However, it significantly reduced the mass of intermuscular adipose, not other fat tissues. More importantly, n-3 fatty acid dramatic decreased the fasting glucose (FPG) and fasting insulin (FINS), alleviating insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR). We further found that, after supplementation with n-3 PUFAs, hepatic LPL dramatically elevated. PPARs, including PPAR-alpha, gamma and delta, significantly increased in n-3 PUFAs groups, especially in HALA group. Conclusion: N-3 fatty acids is able to reduce body fat masses and improve insulin resistance (IR) possibly through increasing hepatic LPL and elevating the expression levels as well as activity of PPARs. Supplement of n-3 fatty acids in dietary might help prevent diseases associated with metabolic syndrome, including diabetes, coronary heart disease, stroke etc.
Omega-3 fatty acids - Their beneficial role in cardiovascular health; OBJECTIVE To examine evidence for the role of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease.
Krill-Oil-Dependent Increases in HS-Omega-3 Index, Plasma Choline and Antioxidant Capacity in Well-Conditioned Power Training Athletes; There is evidence that both omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and choline can influence sports performance, but information establishing their combined effects when given in the form of krill oil during power training protocols is missing. The purpose of this study was therefore to characterize n-3 PUFA and choline profiles after a one-hour period of high-intensity physical workout after 12 weeks of supplementation. Thirty-five healthy power training athletes received either 2.5 g/day of Neptune krill oil(TM) (550 mg EPA/DHA and 150 mg choline) or olive oil (placebo) in a randomized double-blind design. After 12 weeks, only the krill oil group showed a significant HS-Omega-3 Index increase from 4.82 to 6.77% and a reduction in the ARA/EPA ratio (from 50.72 to 13.61%) (p < 0.001). The krill oil group showed significantly higher recovery of choline concentrations relative to the placebo group from the end of the first to the beginning of the second exercise test (p = 0.04) and an 8% decrease in total antioxidant capacity post-exercise versus 21% in the placebo group (p = 0.35). In conclusion, krill oil can be used as a nutritional strategy for increasing the HS-Omega-3 Index, recover choline concentrations and address oxidative stress after intense power trainings.
Low plasma n-3 fatty acids and dementia in older persons: The InCHIANTI study; Background. N-3 fatty acids (FA) have an important role in brain development and function. However, there is conflicting evidence concerning the relationship between n-3 FA and dementia in older persons.
Potential Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Insulin Resistance and Lipid Profile in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Introduction. Insulin resistance (IR), a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality, is prevalent among maintenance hemodialysis patients. Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on IR in hemodialysis patients have not been well understood. This study aimed to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on IR and serum lipids of hemodialysis patients.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplement on Antioxidant Enzymes Activity in Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Background: Diabetes is a major cause of death. Oxidative stress mainly caused by hyperglycemia is the primary reason of related complications. Omega-3 fatty acids are prescribed in diabetes but the effect on antioxidant defense is controversial. This study investigated effects of omega-3 supplementation on antioxidant enzymes activity in type 2 diabetic patients.
Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and plasma adiponectin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To study plasma adiponectin levels in women diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome given omega-3 fatty acid supplements.
Fibrinolytic function after dietary supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Hypertension is associated with derangements in glucose and lipid metabolism. Increased levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-I) are thought to potentiate the development of coronary events in this condition. Fish oil (omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFAs]) have lipid-lowering effects, bur the cardioprotective potential has been questioned because fish oil has been found to increase PAI-1 activity. This study was performed to determine the effects of omega 3 PUFAs on the fibrinolytic function in hypertension. Seventy-eight persons with untreated hypertension were included in a 16-week, double-blind. randomized, controlled intervention study with 4 g/d of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids or corn oil placebo. Plasma PAI-I activity, tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) activity, levels of fibrinogen and factor VIIc, and platelet count were measured before and after intervention (mean+/-SE). PAI-I activity changed similarly in the fish oil and corn oil groups (1.8+/-1.0 U/mL versus 3.5+/-1.2 U/mL, P=.25), as did tPA (-0.02+/-0.02 IU/mL versus -0.13+/-0.03 IU/mL, P=.28), levels of factor VIIc (6+/-5% versus 5+/-4%, P>.3). and platelet count (2+/-7x10(9)/L versus 3+/-5x10(9)/L, P>.3). None of these variables changed from pretreatment levels during fish oil intake. Fibrinogen levels increased significantly both during fish oil (0.6+/-0.1 g/L, P=.0001) and corn oil (0.4+/-0.1 g/L, P=.002) intake. There was no between-group difference (P>.3). Ln conclusion, a daily intake of 4 g omega 3 PUFAs does not affect PAI-1 and tPA activity in persons with hypertension. A modest increase in fibrinogen levels was observed after both fish oil and corn oil intake.
Effect of low dose omega-3 fatty acid supplementations on plasmalipids and lipoproteins in patients with coronary sclerosis and dyslipoproteinaemia; In a prospective study, 20 patients (aged 48-67 years) with primary hyperlipoproteinaemia of phenotypes IIa, IIb, IV and with proven coronary sclerosis received four different doses of long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids. 0.18 to 1.1 g per day were administered in the form of fish oil capsules over four 2-week periods. The aim was to study the effect of different low dose supplementations of n-3 fatty acids on the plasmalipid- and lipoprotein composition and to determine a threshold of effectiveness. Significant reduction of the triglyceride level was registered in all subjects with the greatest decrease in those patients who presented with the highest base levels. The cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol values on average remained almost unchanged, apart from a significant increase of LDL-cholesterol in patients with type IV hyperlipoproteinaemia. The HDL-cholesterol fraction also showed a significant increase in type IIb patients which was related to alterations of the HDL-3 subfraction. The minimal effective dose of a daily administration of omega-3 fatty acids can be expected between 0.18 g and 0.35 g. The observed changes of plasmalipids and lipoproteins reflect the beneficial effect of long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids in respect to plasma-triglyceride reduction and HDL-cholesterol increase as seen in other studies, despite the use of supplementations far below 1 g per day.
Assessment of omega-3 carboxylic acids in statin-treated patients with high levels of triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: Rationale and design of the STRENGTH trial; It is uncertain whether omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial in statin-treated patients. Epanova is a mix of omega-3 free fatty acids, not requiring co-ingestion with food, which can lower triglycerides by up to 31%. STRENGTH will examine whether Epanova 4 g daily reduces the rate of cardiovascular events in statin-treated patients with hypertriglyceridemia and low levels of HDL-C at high risk for developing cardiovascular events. STRENGTH is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Patients had a triglyceride level >= 180 to <500 mg/dL and HDL-C < 42 mg/dL (men) or < 47 mg/dL (women) in the presence of either (1) established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, (2) diabetes with one additional risk factor, or (3) were other high-risk primary prevention patients, based on age and risk factor assessment. Patients should be treated with a statin, for >4 weeks, and have LDL-C < 100 mg/dL, but were also eligible if LDL-C was >= 100 mg/dL while on maximum tolerated statin therapy. The study will extend from October 30, 2014 to October 30, 2019. 13 086 patients were randomized to Epanova 4 g or placebo daily in addition to standard medical therapy. The primary efficacy outcome is time to first event of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization or hospitalization for unstable angina. The trial will continue until 1600 patients reach the primary endpoint, with a median duration of therapy of 3 years. STRENGTH will determine whether Epanova 4 g daily will reduce cardiovascular events in statin-treated high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia and low HDL-C levels.
Effects on Serum Fractalkine by Diet and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intervention: Relation to Clinical Outcome; Introduction. Fractalkine is a chemokine associated with atherosclerosis. Increased serum levels have been reported in unstable coronary artery disease (CAD) and to predict mortality in heart failure. Mediterranean-like diet and omega-3 fatty acids (n3-PUFA) have documented cardioprotective and anti-inflammatory effects. We have investigated the effect of Mediterranean-like dietary counseling and n-3 PUFA on serum fractalkine in an elderly population and its ability to predict cardiovascular disease (CVD). Materials and Methods. 563 men (age 64-75 yrs) at high risk of CAD were randomized into a 2 x 2 factorial designed trial for 3-year dietary counseling and/or n-3 PUFAsupplementation (2.4 g/d). Circulating levels of fractalkineweremeasured at baseline and at end of study. Clinical events were recorded after 3 years. Results. Fractalkine levels were significantly reduced in all groups from baseline to 3 years (P < 0.001, all), but without between-group differences in changes. Fractalkine levels at baseline were not predictive for CVD events (n. = 68) or total mortality. Lower fractalkine levels were observed in smokers (P = 0.019). Conclusions. Reduced levels of fractalkine from baseline to 3 years were observed, however, without any influence ofMediterranean-like diet or n-3 PUFA supplementation. Fractalkine levels at baseline were not predictive for later CVD events.
Influence of Omega-3 Fatty Acid-Rich Fish Oils on Hyperlipidemia: Effect of Eel, Sardine, Trout, and Cod Oils on Hyperlipidemic Mice; Dyslipidemia is one of the most important cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (FAs), and especially omega-3 FAs, could significantly contribute to the management of dyslipidemia and the prevention of CVD. The anti-hyperlipidemic effect of selected fish oils (eel, sardine, trout, cod liver) was comparatively evaluated in a high fat diet (HFD)-fed mouse model. At the end of 30 days on the HFD, all animals were hyperlipidemic and were switched to a diet consisting of 90% standard rodent chow plus 10% of oil from eel, sardine, cod liver, or trout. At the end of 60 days on these diets, blood glucose, total blood cholesterol, triglycerides (TGs), and high density lipoprotein (HDL) were quantitated. All diets, except sardine and standard rodent chow, showed statistically significant decreases in blood glucose from day 30 to 90. Total blood cholesterol decreased in all diets except the HFD group, which was continued on this diet until the end of the study. Eel and cod liver oil diets showed significant decreases in TGs. All dietary groups showed a decrease in HDL, but only the trout and standard chow groups exhibited statistically significant decreases. The fish oils tested here for effects on hyperlipidemia vary in per cent of omega-3 FAs and omega-6/-3 FA ratios as determined by gas chromatography Overall, smoked eel was the best source of omega-3 FA, with a balance of omega-6 FA, that ameliorated HFD-induced mixed hyperlipidemia.
Omega-3 in Antiarrhythmic Therapy Pros Position; Omega-3 (n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids) has demonstrated its ability to reduce global mortality, obtaining an indication for the prevention of sudden death in patients with myocardial infarction of the anterior wall. These observations have led to the design of several clinical studies aimed at demonstrating the potential antiarrhythmic effect of omega-3. These studies have given contradictory results, probably due to differences in the populations and doses used. Observations supporting the use of omega-3 as anti arrhythmic agents come from a study in patients with post-ischaemic dila tative cardiomyopathy and carriers of implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), without cardiovascular events in the last 12 months. In this population a combination of nutraceuticals containing omega-3 (Ritmonutra (R)) has been able to reduce the number of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias without modification of the left ventricle function. Specifically, a 46% reduction of premature ventricular contractions (BEV), 54.2% of premature supra ventricular contractions (BESV), 48% of BESV run and 33% of sustained or non-ventricular tachycardia were observed (all significant, p <0.0001).
Effects of microalgal polyunsaturated fatty acid oil on body weight and lipid accumulation in the liver of C57BL/6 mice fed a high fat diet; Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which are abundant in marine fish oils, have recently received global attention for their prominent anti-obesogenic effects. Among PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), which are n-3 long-chain PUFAs widely referred to as omega-3 oils, were reported to prevent the development of obesity in rodents and humans. In the present study, we evaluated the anti-obesity effects of microalgal oil on high-fat induced obese C57BL/6 mice, compared with commercial omega-3 fish oil and vegetable corn oil. Microalgal oil is an inherent mixture of several PUFAs, including EPA, DHA and other fatty acids produced from a marine microalgal strain of Thraustochytriidae sp. derived mutant. It was found to contain more PUFAs (>80%) and more omega-3 oils than commercial omega-3 fish oil (PUFAs >31%) and corn oil (PUFAs 59%). All three types of oils induced weight loss in high-fat-induced obese mice, with the loss induced by microalgal oil being most significant at 9 weeks (10% reduction). However, the oils tested did not improve blood lipid levels, although microalgal oil showed an apparent inhibitory effect on lipid accumulation in the liver. These findings may be attributed to the higher PUFA content, including omega-3 oils of microalgal oil than other oils. Collectively, these findings suggest that microalgal oil, derived from Thraustochytriidae sp. derived mutant, is a prominent candidate for replacement of omega-3 fish oils based on its apparent anti-obesity effect in vivo.
Effects of Dietary Omega-3 Enrichment on the Chemical Composition and the Pathogenic Microbiota of Ovine Milk; The demand for ovine milk and ovine dairy products is constantly increasing due to their exceptional sensorial characteristics and their health benefits for consumers. However, dairy fat content and composition are of particular concern for consumers as well as the medical community, as there are risk factors for coronary disease, diabetes mellitus, cancer, and other serious diseases. For this reason, attempts have been made to control/regulate the fat composition of ovine milk by modifying sheep dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids. In this experimental trial, a group of sheep were fed for 30 days a diet enriched in flaxseeds and lupines, feed ingredients rich in omega-3 fatty acids, aiming to investigate the effects on fat composition and the microbiota of ovine milk. Chemical analysis of the collected milk showed that the omega-3 and omega-6 content was increased. On the opposite, the atherogenic and thrombogenic indexes decreased. Of importance was the semi-protective effect on the udder by the increased omega-3 dietary intake, as depicted by its impact on the biodiversity of the pathogenic microbiota. These findings suggest that ovine milk could be modified under specific conditions to be more appropriate for the consumption by people belonging to high-risk groups for various diseases.
Conservation of conjugated linoleic, <i>trans</i>-vaccenic and long chain omega-3 fatty acid content in raw and cooked lamb from two cross-breeds; Available literature mainly describes the fatty acid (FA) content of raw meat, with only limited data explaining the effect of different preparation and cooking temperatures on health-promoting FA such as conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), its metabolic precursor trans-vaccenic acid (TVA), and long chain omega-3 FA (LC omega-3 FA). We collected m. longissimus thoracis (LT) from rib chops of Poll Dorset x East Friesian (EF) and Poll Dorset x Romney (R) lambs raised together. The FA composition of raw LT was compared with LT prepared with bone and all fat trimmed away or bone and fat left intact before cooking under a fan-grill. The LT from EF lambs had less cooking loss, lower lipid and total fatty acid (TFA) contents, and a lower proportion of saturated fatty acids (SATFA) than the LT from R lambs. Raising cooking temperature from medium to well-done increased cooking losses and dry matter (DM) yield but did not affect FA content or composition. Compared with raw LT, cooking of the trimmed LT resulted in more TFA and lipids in the DM, and these were greater still in the intact LT. Similar increases occurred in the DM content of most individual and groups of FA, except for CLA and LC omega-3 FA which increased with cooking of trimmed LT without further significant increase with cooking intact LT. The proportions of SATFA and TVA in the TFA increased after cooking trimmed LT and increased further after cooking intact LT. In contrast, proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) was reduced at each step, while the proportion of CLA was not affected by cooking. Thus, the FA content of raw lamb underestimates that of cooked meat, especially if the lamb is cooked with bone and fat left intact allowing infiltration of FA from the surrounding intermuscular and subcutaneous fat. This influx of lipids from the surrounding adipose tissue dilutes the proportions of PUFA and LC omega-3 FA in the TFA.
Omega-3 supplementation in patients with sepsis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background: Nutritional supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids has been proposed to modulate the balance of pro-and anti-inflammatory mediators in sepsis. If proved to improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis, this intervention would be easy to implement. However, the cumulative evidence from several randomized clinical trials (RCTs) remains unclear.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake in Patients Undergoing Dialysis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objective: Fish oil supplementation has been shown to be beneficial for hemodialysis (HD) patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation or dietary adjustment in dialysis patients.Methods: A systematic literature search was performed to identify relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to study the effects of omega-3 supplementation on dialysis patients. The variables of interest included the levels of blood lipids, inflammatory indicators, proteins, parathyroid hormone (PTH), gastrointestinal adverse reactions, and all-cause mortality. The mean differences (MDs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated, and heterogeneity was assessed with the I-2 test. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were performed to identify potential sources.Results: The systematic review included 49 RCTs and evaluated the efficacy and safety of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in dialysis patients. Data synthesis showed that compared with the control group, the group receivingomega-3 supplementation exhibited significantly decreased serum triglyceride (TG) levels, decreased C-reactive protein (CRP) and TNF-alpha levels, increased hemoglobin levels, reduced serum phosphorus levels, increased PTH levels, and increased gastrointestinal adverse reactions to a certain extent. Furthermore, there was no effect on the blood total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), albumin or calcium levels and all-cause mortality.Conclusion: Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation is related to a reduction in serum TG, LDL and inflammation index levels and has few adverse reactions. Therefore, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may be a useful nutrition therapy for dialysis patients.
Mercury diminishes the cardiovascular protective effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the modern diet of Inuit in Canada; Background: Inuit in Canada have low reported incidence of myocardial infarction (MI) because of their traditional rich n-3 fatty acids marine diet. They are experiencing rapid nutrition transition and ischemic heart disease is now becoming a health concern.
Vascular effects of the Mediterranean diet-Part II: Role of omega-3 fatty acids and olive oil polyphenols; The lower occurrence of cardiovascular disease and cancer in populations around the Mediterranean basin as detected in the 1950s was correctly attributed to the peculiar dietary habits of those populations. Essentially, until the mid-20th century, typical Mediterranean diets were rich in fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole-wheat bread, nuts, fish, and, as a common culinary trait, the routine use of extra-virgin olive oil. Nowadays, the regular adoption of such dietary patterns is still thought to result in healthful benefits. Such patterns ensure the assumption of molecules with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions, among which omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), and phenolic compounds. The aim of this review is to provide an update of the vasculo-protective pathways mediated by omega-3 PUFAs and polyphenols in the context of the modem Mediterranean dietary habits, including the possible cross-talk and synergy between these typical components. This review complements a parallel one focusing on the role of dietary nitrates and alimentary fats. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved.
PREVENTION OF ISCHEMIA-INDUCED VENTRICULAR-FIBRILLATION BY OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS; A specially prepared dog model of myocardial infarction was used to test the efficacy of the long-chain polyunsaturated fish oil omega 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (20:5 n-3) and docosahexaenoic (22:6 n-3) acids to prevent ischemia-induced malignant cardiac arrhythmias. The dogs had sustained a prior experimental myocardial infarction from ligation of the left anterior descending coronary artery, and a hydraulic cuff was implanted around the left circumflex artery at that operation. After recovery from that procedure the animals were tested during a treadmill exercise test. With compression of the left circumflex artery sensitive animals will predictably develop ventricular fibrillation (VF). In such prepared dogs an emulsion of fish oil fatty acids was infused i.v. over a 50- to 60-min period just before the exercise-plus-ischemia test, and the effect on development of VF was recorded. The infusion was 100 ml of a 10% (vol/vol) emulsion of a fish oil concentrate containing 70% omega 3 fatty acids with free eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid composing 33.9% and 25.0% of that total, respectively. Alternatively, some animals similarly received an emulsion containing 5 ml of the free fatty acid concentrate plus 5 ml of a triacylglyerol concentrate containing 65% omega 3 fatty acids with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid composing 34.0% and 23.6% of that total, respectively. In seven of eight animals the infusion of the fish oil emulsion completely prevented the acute occurrence of VF in the susceptible animals (P < 0.005). In five of five of these animals the subsequent exercise-plus ischemia test after a similar infusion of an emulsion in which soy bean oil replaced the fish oil fatty acid concentrates resulted in prompt development of VF. Possible mechanisms for this protective effect of omega 3 fatty acids against exercise and ischemia-induced malignant arrhythmias are considered.
Omega-3 fatty acids and adipose tissue biology; This review provides evidence for the importance of white and brown adipose tissue (i.e. WAT and BAT) function for the maintenance of healthy metabolic phenotype and its preservation in response to omega3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA), namely in the context of diseased states linked to aberrant accumulation of body fat, systemic low-grade inflammation, dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. More specifically, the review deals with (i) the concept of immunometabolism, i.e. how adipose-resident immune cells and adipocytes affect each other and define the immune-metabolic interface; and (ii) the characteristic features of "healthy adipocytes" in WAT, which are relatively small fat cells endowed with a high capacity for mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation, triacylglycerol/ fatty acid (TAG/FA) cycling and de novo lipogenesis (DNL). The intrinsic metabolic features of WAT and their flexible regulations, reflecting the presence of "healthy adipocytes", provide beneficial local and systemic effects, including (i) protection against in situ endoplasmic reticulum stress and related inflammatory response during activation of adipocyte lipolysis; (ii) prevention of ectopic fat accumulation and dyslipidemia caused by increased hepatic VLDL synthesis, as well as prevention of lipotoxic damage of insulin signaling in extra-adipose tissues; and also (iii) increased synthesis of anti-inflammatory and insulin-sensitizing lipid mediators with pro-resolving properties, including the branched fatty acid esters of hydroxy fatty acids (FAHFAs), also depending on the activity of DNL in WAT. The "healthy adipocytes" phenotype can be induced in WAT of obese mice in response to various stimuli including dietary omega3 PUFA, especially when combined with moderate calorie restriction, and possibly also with other life style (e.g. physical activity) or pharmacological (e.g. thiazolidinediones) interventions. While omega-3 PUFA could exert beneficial systemic effects by improving immunometabolism of WAT without a concomitant induction of BAT, it is currently not clear whether the metabolic effects of the combined intervention using omega-3 PUFA and calorie restriction or thiazolidinediones depend also on the activation of BAT function and/or the induction of brite/beige adipocytes in WAT. It remains to be established why omega-3 PUFA intervention in type 2 diabetic subjects does not improve insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis despite inducing various anti-inflammatory mediators in WAT, including the recently discovered docosahexaenoyl esters of hydroxy linoleic acid, the lipokines from the FAHFA family, as well as several endocannabinoid-related anti-inflammatory lipids. To answer the question whether and to which extent omega-3 PUFA supplementation could promote the formation of "healthy adipocytes" in WAT of human subjects, namely in the obese insulin-resistant patients, represents a challenging task that is of great importance for the treatment of some serious non-communicable diseases. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DHA content in milk and biohydrogenation pathway in rumen: a review; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an essential human nutrient that may promote neural health and development. DHA occurs naturally in milk in concentrations that are influenced by many factors, including the dietary intake of the cow and the rumen microbiome. We reviewed the literature of milk DHA content and the biohydrogenation pathway in rumen of dairy cows aim to enhance the DHA content. DHA in milk is mainly derived from two sources: alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) occurring in the liver and consumed as part of the diet, and overall dietary intake. Rumen biohydrogenation, the lymphatic system, and blood circulation influence the movement of dietary intake of DHA into the milk supply. Rumen biohydrogenation reduces DHA in ruminal environmental and limits DHA incorporation into milk. The fat-1 gene may increase DHA uptake into the body but this lacks experimental confirmation. Additional studies are needed to define the mechanisms by which different dietary sources of DHA are associated with variations of DHA in milk, the pathway of DHA biohydrogenation in the rumen, and the function of the fat-1 gene on DHA supply in dairy cows.
Prevention of fatal arrhythmias in high-risk subjects by fish oil n-3 fatty acid intake; Background: The long-chain n-3 fatty acids in fish have been demonstrated to have antiarrhythmic properties in experimental models and to prevent sudden cardiac death in a randomized trial of post-myocardial infarction patients. Therefore, we hypothesized that these n-3 fatty acids might prevent potentially fatal ventricular arrhythmias in high-risk patients.
Clearing the fog: a review of the effects of dietary omega-3 fatty acids and added sugars on chemotherapy-induced cognitive deficits; Cancer treatments such as chemotherapy have been an important part of extending survival in women diagnosed with breast cancer. However, chemotherapy can cause potentially toxic side effects in the brain that impair memory, verbal fluency, and processing speed in up to 30% of women treated. Women report that post-chemotherapy cognitive deficits negatively impact quality of life and may last up to ten years after treatment. Mechanisms underlying these cognitive impairments are not fully understood, but emerging evidence suggests that chemotherapy induces structural changes in the brain, produces neuroinflammation, and reduces adult hippocampal neurogenesis. Dietary approaches that modify inflammation and neurogenesis are promising strategies for reducing chemotherapy-induced cognitive deficits in breast cancer survivors. In this review, we describe the cognitive and neuronal side effects associated with commonly used chemotherapy treatments for breast cancer, and we focus on the often opposing actions of omega-3 fatty acids and added sugars on cognitive function, neuroinflammation, and adult hippocampal neurogenesis. Omega-3 fatty acids administered concurrently with doxorubicin chemotherapy have been shown to prevent depressive-like behaviors and reduce neuroinflammation, oxidative stress, and neural apoptosis in rodent models. In contrast, diets high in added sugars may interact with n-3 FAs to diminish their anti-inflammatory activity or act independently to increase neuroinflammation, reduce adult hippocampal neurogenesis, and promote cognitive deficits. We propose that a diet rich in long-chain, marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids and low in added sugars may be an ideal pattern for preventing or alleviating neuroinflammation and oxidative stress, thereby protecting neurons from the toxic effects of chemotherapy. Research testing this hypothesis could lead to the identification of modifiable dietary choices to reduce the long-term impact of chemotherapy on the cognitive functions that are important to quality of life in breast cancer survivors.
Omega-3 fatty acids, subclinical atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular events: Implications for primary prevention; Background and aims: High-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) therapy was beneficial in high-risk patients without clinical cardiovascular disease (CVD). Whether higher plasma levels of EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have similar benefits in those without subclinical CVD is unclear. We aim to evaluate the interplay between plasma omega-3 fatty acids and coronary artery calcium (CAC) in relation to CVD events.Methods: We examined 6568 participants from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) with plasma EPA and DHA levels and CAC measured at baseline. The primary outcome was incident CVD events (myocardial infarction, angina, cardiac arrest, stroke, CVD death). Hazard ratios for the primary outcome were adjusted for potential confounder using Cox regression.Results: Mean +/- SD age was 62.1 +/- 10.2 years and 52.9% were females. The median follow-up time was 15.6 years. Higher loge(EPA) (adjusted hazard ratio, aHR = 0.83; 95% CI, 0.74-0.94) and loge(DHA) (aHR = 0.79; 95% CI, 0.66-0.96) were independently associated with fewer CVD events. The difference in absolute CVD event rates between lowest vs. highest EPA tertile increased at higher CAC levels. The adjusted HR for highest vs. lowest EPA tertile within CAC = 0 was 1.02 (95% CI, 0.72-1.46), CAC = 1-99 was 0.71 (95% CI, 0.51-0.99), and CAC >= 100 was 0.67 (95% CI, 0.52-0.84). A similar association was seen in tertiles of DHA by CAC category.Conclusions: In an ethnically diverse population free of clinical CVD, higher plasma omega-3 fatty acid levels were associated with fewer long-term CVD events. The absolute decrease in CVD events with higher omega-3 fatty acid levels was more apparent at higher CAC scores.
Impact of Omega-3 supplementation on homocysteine levels in humans: A systematic review and meta-regression analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: Although some evidence suggests that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) supplementation influences enzymes involved in forming homocysteine (Hcy) and improving hyperhomocysteinemia, these findings are still contradictory in humans. The aim of this systematic and meta-analysis study was to investigate the effects of omega-3 supplementation on Hcy using existing randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Data synthesis: Available databases, including PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and Embase, were searched to find relevant RCTs up to June 2021. The effect size was expressed as weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Conclusion: A total of 20 RCT studies with 2676 participants were included in this article. Our analyses have shown that omega-3 supplementation significantly reduced plasma Hcy levels (WMD: 1.34 mmol/L; 95% CI: 1.97 to-0.72; P < 0.001) compared to the control group. The results of subgroup analysis showed that omega-3 supplementation during the intervention < 12 weeks and with a dose >= 3 gr per day causes a more significant decrease in Hcy levels than the intervention >= 12 weeks and at a dose < 3 gr. In addition, omega-3 supplements appear to have more beneficial effects in individuals with high levels of normal Hcy. This meta-analysis showed that omega-3 supplementation significantly improved Hcy. However, further studies are needed to confirm the findings. (c) 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Protects Against Arsenic Trioxide-Induced Cardiotoxicity In Vitro and In Vivo; Arsenic trioxide (As2O3) is a highly effective therapeutic against acute promyelocytic leukaemia, but its clinical efficacy is burdened by serious cardiac toxicity. The present study was performed to evaluate the effect of omega (omega)-3 fatty acid on As2O3-induced cardiac toxicity in in vivo and in vitro settings. In in vivo experiments, male Wistar rats were orally administered with As2O3 4 mg/kg body weight for a period of 45 days and cardiotoxicity was assessed. As2O3 significantly increased the tissue arsenic deposition, micronuclei frequency and creatine kinase (CK)-MB activity. There were a rise in lipid peroxidation and a decline in reduced glutathione, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione-S-transferase, superoxide dismutase and catalase in heart tissue of arsenic-administered rats. The cardioprotective role of omega-3 fatty acid was assessed by combination treatment with As2O3. omega-3 fatty acid co-administration with As2O3 significantly alleviated these changes. In in vitro study using H9c2 cardiomyocytes, As2O3 treatment induced alterations in cell viability, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release, lipid peroxidation, cellular calcium levels and mitochondrial membrane potential (Delta psi(m)). omega-3 fatty acid co-treatment significantly increased cardiomyocyte viability, reduced LDH release, lipid peroxidation and intracellular calcium concentration and improved the (Delta psi(m)). These findings suggested that the omega-3 fatty acid has the potential to protect against As2O3-induced cardiotoxicity.
Evolutionary aspects of diet, the omega-6/omega-3 ratio and genetic variation: nutritional implications for chronic diseases; Anthropological and epidemiological studies and studies at the molecular level indicate that human beings evolved on a diet with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 essential fatty acids (EFA) of similar to 1 whereas in Western diets the ratio is 15/1 to 16.7/1. A high omega-6/omega-3 ratio, as is found in today's Western diets, promotes the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, osteoporosis, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, whereas increased levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (a lower omega-6/omega-3 ratio), exert suppressive effects. Increased dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) leads to oxidation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), platelet aggregation, and interferes with the incorporation of EFA in cell membrane phospholipids. Both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids influence gene expression. Omega-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory effects, suppress interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), whereas omega-6 fatty acids do not. Because inflammation is at the base of many chronic diseases, dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids plays an important role in the manifestation of disease, particularly in persons with genetic variation, as for example in individuals with genetic variants at the 5-lipoxygenase (5-LO). Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) taken as a marker of the atherosclerotic burden is significantly increased, by 80%, in the variant group compared to carriers with the common allele, suggesting increased 5-LO promoter activity associated with the (variant) allele. Dietary arachidonic acid (AA) and LA increase the risk for cardiovascular disease in those with the variants, whereas dietary intake of eicosapentaerroic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) decrease the risk. A lower ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is needed for the prevention and management of chronic diseases. Because of genetic variation, the optimal omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio would vary with the disease under consideration. (c) 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Disorders of serum omega-3 fatty acid composition in dialyzed patients, and their associations with fat mass; Patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are at increased risk of cardiovascular mortality. Lipid disorders, a constant feature of CKD, might contribute to this state. The aim of this study was to evaluate n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) composition in CKD patients treated with dialysis, in comparison to the general population and to assess possible associations between the n-3 PUFA profile and anthropometric variables. Thirty-three prevalent dialysis patients were studied and compared with an age-and sex-adjusted control group of 22 patients. Fatty acid composition in serum was analyzed by gas chromatography with a mass spectrometer detector (GC-MS) and anthropometric measures were assessed by bioimpedance spectroscopy. The fatty acid profile of dialyzed patients was characterized by a significantly lower percentage content of n-3 PUFA. For a-linolenic acid (ALA), it was 0.21 +/- 0.09% in dialysis patients versus 0.33 +/- 0.11% in the control group (p<.001). For eicosapentanoic acid (EPA), 0.59 +/- 0.23% versus 1.15 +/- 0.87% (p<.001), and for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) 1.11 +/- 0.50% versus 1.75 +/- 0.87% (p<.001), respectively. The amount of n-3 PUFA decreased with time on dialysis and it correlated positively with body fat mass. For DHA, this correlation was r =.48 (p<.01) and for EPA r =.40 (p<.05). Patients with CKD have a relatively low content of n-3 PUFA which may contribute to their high cardiovascular risk. Patients with a higher content of body fat are characterized by a favorable fatty acid composition.
Are the ratio and amount of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids associated with cardiovascular outcomes?-a GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Although some meta-analyses evaluated the risk of cardiovascular biomarkers and the ratio of dietary n-6 and n3 fatty acids (FAs), few meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials were focused on the relationship between the risk of cardiovascular outcome and the dietary n-6/n-3 FA ratio. This meta-analysis can provide a more direct indication (cardiovascular outcome) for cardiovascular disease than biomarkers. In addition to ratio, the absolute amounts of dietary n-6, n-3 fatty acids and total dietary fat should be considered in this association. Therefore, a dose-response meta-analysis and systematic review were performed. The Cochrane databases, Web of Science, PubMed and Embase were searched in August 2023. Randomized controlled trials that investigated the association between the ratio of n-6/n-3 FA, dietary fat, n-6 FAs or n-3 FAs and cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, or stroke in adults without other diseases were included. The results showed that higher n-6/n-3 FA was associated with all cardiovascular outcomes when n-3 FA was higher than 1 g/d (1.08, 1.00 to 1.18). Per 500 mg/d increment of n-3 FA was related to a 3% lower risk of 0.97 in cardiovascular events. N-6 FA intake was curvilinearly associated with cardiovascular mortality (P = 0.0094). Thus, a lower n-6/n-3 FA ratio (<7) of diet may be promoted from the above results for cardiovascular disease prevention, including higher n-3 FAs (>1 g/d).
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on metabolically active hormones in patients post-myocardial infarction; Background: Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation is used as a therapeutic secondary prevention strategy among post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients. The effects of omega-3 PUFA on markers of energy homeostasis among post-MI patients are unclear.
An omega 3 fatty acid supplemented diet was not associated with enhanced survival in maintenance haemodialysis: the Fish and Fruit Study; Background Aboriginal people requiring haemodialysis experience high cardiovascular mortality. Dietary interventions have uncertain effects on mortality and cardiovascular events in people with end-stage kidney disease (ESKD).
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids focusing on eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases: a review of the state-of-the-art; Introduction: An epidemiological study of Greenlandic Inuit suggested the importance of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in preventing ischemic heart disease. After this landmark study, large-scale epidemiological studies have examined the benefits of omega-3 PUFAs in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Lipidomic studies reveal two specific circulating phosphatidylcholines as surrogate biomarkers of the omega-3 index; Optimal dietary intake of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-LCPUFAs) is critical to human health across the lifespan. However, omega-3 index (O3I) determination is not routinely assessed due to complicated procedures for n3-LCPUFA analysis from the phospholipid (PL) fraction of erythrocytes. Herein, a high-throughput method for lipidomics based on multisegment injection-nonaqueous capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry was applied to identify circulating PLs as surrogate biomarkers of O3I in two randomized placebo-controlled trials. An untargeted lipidomic data workflow using a subgroup analysis of serum extracts from sunflower oil versus high-dose fish oil (FO)-supplemented participants revealed that ingested n3-LCPUFAs were primarily distributed as their phosphatidylcholines (PCs) relative to other PL classes. In both high-dose FO (5.0 g/day) and EPA-only trials (3.0 g/day), PC (16:0_20:5) was the most responsive PL, whereas PC (16:0_22:6) was selective to DHA-only supplementation. We also demonstrated that the sum concentration of both these PCs in fasting serum or plasma samples was positively correlated to the O3I following FO (r = 0.708, P = 1.02 x 10(-11), n = 69) and EPA- or DHA-only supplementation (r = 0.768, P = 1.01 x 10(-33), n = 167). Overall, DHA was more effective in improving the O3I (Delta O3I = 4.90 +/- 1.33%) compared to EPA (Delta O3I = 2.99 +/- 1.19%) in young Canadian adults who had a poor nutritional status with an O3I (3.50 +/- 0.68%) at baseline. Our method enables the rapid assessment of the O3I by directly measuring two circulating PC species in small volumes of blood, which may facilitate screening applications for population and precision health.
DIETARY-INTAKE OF MARINE N-3 FATTY-ACIDS, FISH INTAKE, AND THE RISK OF CORONARY-DISEASE AMONG MEN; Background. It has been hypothesized that a diet containing n-3 fatty acids from fish reduces the risk of coronary heart disease, but few large epidemiologic studies have examined this question.
An omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrate administered for one year decreased triglycerides in simvastatin treated patients with coronary heart disease and persisting hypertriglyceridaemia; Background-Omega-3 fatty acids, such as those present in fish oil, have been reported to prolong life in myocardial infarction survivors. These fatty acids can decrease serum triglyceride concentrations, but so far the doses used in trials examining their effects on coronary end points have had only minimal triglyceride lowering effects.
Omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to significantly reduce the risk for sudden death caused by cardiac arrhythmias and all-cause mortality in patients with known coronary heart disease. Fatty fish, such as salmon and tuna, and fish oil are rich sources of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Flaxseed, canola oil, and walnuts also are good dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids. In addition to being antiarrhythmic, the omega-3 fatty acids are antithrombotic and anti-inflammatory. In contrast, omega-6 fatty acids, which are present in most seeds, vegetable oils, and meat, are prothrombotic and proinflammatory. Omega-3 fatty acids also are used to treat hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and rheumatoid arthritis. There are no significant drug interactions with omega-3 fatty acids. The American Heart Association recommends consumption of two servings of fish per week for persons with no history of coronary heart disease and at least one serving of fish daily for those with known coronary heart disease. Approximately 1 g per day of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid is recommended for cardioprotection. Higher dosages of omega-3 fatty acids are required to reduce elevated triglyceride levels (2 to 4 g per day) and to reduce morning stiffness and the number of tender joints in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (at least 3 g per day). Modest decreases in blood pressure occur with significantly higher dosages of omega-3 fatty acids. Copyright(C) 2004 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiovascular diseases: uncertainty prevails; In the late 1970s, a lower incidence of myocardial infarction and favorable hemostatic alterations were reported in Greenland Inuits. This observation prompted investigators worldwide to continue research on the role of a specific diet in this population and sparked an ongoing discussion about the potential use of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (VITAL), and the secondary prevention of primarily coronary artery disease (JELIS, REDUCE -IT, OMEMI). However, the current evidence to support the preventive value of PUFAs is inconsistent. Seminal clinical trials such as the GISSI -Prevenzione, JELIS, PREDIMED, or ASCEND differed in their approach to the assessment of cardiovascular effects of n-3 PUFAs and reported divergent results. The questions remain whether eicosapentaenoic acid is the only PUFA offering cardiovascular benefits, what is the importance of PUFA dosing, and, finally, who should receive n-3 PUFA treatment. This article discusses the latest insights into n-3 PUFA use in cardiovascular disease prevention.
Flaxseed oil increases the plasma concentrations of cardioprotective (n-3) fatty acids in humans; a-Linolenic acid (ALA) is a major dietary (n-3) fatty acid. ALA is converted to longer-chain (n-3) PUFA, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and possibly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). EPA and DHA are fish-based (n-3) fatty acids that have proven cardioprotective properties. We studied the effect of daily supplementation with 3 g of ALA on the plasma concentration of long-chain (n-3) fatty acids in a predominantly African-American population with chronic illness. In a randomized, double-blind trial, 56 participants were given 3 g ALA/d from flaxseed oil capsules (n = 31) or olive oil placebo capsules (n = 25). Plasma EPA levels at 12 wk in the flaxseed oil group increased by 60%, from 24.09 +/- 16.71 to 38.56 +/- 28.92 mu mol/L (P = 0.004), whereas no change occurred in the olive oil group. Plasma docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) levels in the flaxseed oil group increased by 25% from 19.94 +/- 9.22 to 27.03 +/- 17.17 mu mol/L (P = 0.03) with no change in the olive oil group. Plasma DHA levels did not change in either group. This study demonstrates the efficacy of the conversion of ALA to EPA and DPA in a minority population with chronic disease. ALA may be an alternative to fish oil; however, additional clinical trials with ALA are warranted.
Fish, long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and incidence of atrial fibrillation: A pooled analysis of two prospective studies; Background & aims: Whether high intakes of fish and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation (AF) remains uncertain. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the associations of total fish, types of fish, and omega-3 PUFA intake with AF incidence in a large prospective study.
Omega-3 in SLE: a double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial of endothelial dysfunction and disease activity in systemic lupus erythematosus; Accelerated atherosclerosis remains a major cause of death in late systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Omega-3 has been reported to have benefit for endothelial dysfunction, one of the earliest stages of atherosclerosis, and to reduce disease activity in SLE. We performed a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of Omega-3 on endothelial function, disease activity, inflammatory markers and lipids in SLE. SLE patients (n = 85, mean age 47, 55 % Caucasian, 38 % African-American, 94 % female) were randomly assigned to 3 g of Omega-3 (Lovaza, GSK) versus placebo for 12 weeks. Endothelial function was measured at baseline and at 12 weeks using flow-mediated dilation, calculated using high-resolution B-mode ultrasound of the brachial artery diameter in response to vasoactive stimuli (hyperemia). Disease activity was measured using the physician global assessment and SELENA-SLEDAI score. Inflammatory markers (sICAM-1, sVCAM-1, IL-6) and fasting lipid profile were done at baseline and 12-week follow-up. There was no difference between the treatment groups with respect to changes in flow-mediated dilation parameters or disease activity. An average increase in LDL cholesterol of 3.11 mg/dL (+/- 21.99) was found with Omega-3 versus a decrease of 1.87 mg/dL (+/- 18.29) with placebo (p = 0.0266). In this trial, Omega-3 did not improve endothelial function, disease activity, nor reduce inflammatory markers in SLE. Longer trials might be required if there are delayed clinical effects. There was evidence that Omega-3 may increase LDL cholesterol, but not the LDL/HDL ratio.
α-Linolenic and γ-linolenic acids exercise differential antitumor effects on HT-29 human colorectal cancer cells; alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) and gamma gamma linolenic acid (GLA, 18:3n-6) are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) that improve the human health. The present study focused on testing the in vitro antitumor actions of pure ALA and GLA on the HT-29 human colorectal cancer cell line. Cell viability was checked by MTT ((3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-iphenyltetrazolium bromide) test, cell membrane damage by the lactate dehydrogenase assay, apoptosis was tested by both caspase-3 activity trial and transmission electron microscopy images, and protein composition was analyzed by quantitative proteomics analysis. MTT test revealed IC50 values of 230 and 255 mu M for ALA and GLA, respectively, at 72 h. After 24 h of incubation, both ALA and GLA induced apoptosis on HT-29 colorectal cancer cells according to the caspase-3 assay and microscopy images. SWATH/MS analysis evidenced that ALA significantly affected the mitochondrial protein import pathway and the citric acid cycle pathway, while GLA did not significantly affect any particular pathway. In summary, both ALA and GLA showed concentration-dependent inhibitory effects on HT-29 cells viability and induced cell death by apoptosis. ALA significantly affected cellular pathways, while GLA does not have specific actions on either pathway. Both n-3 and n-6 C18 PUFA are bioactive food components useful in the colorectal cancer prevention.
Relationship between polyunsaturated fatty acid and eating disorders: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: Eating disorders result in poor nutrition, poor physical conditions and even suicidality and mortality. Although polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have attracted attention in the emerging field of nutritional psychiatry, their role in eating disorders remains unknown. This meta-analysis investigates the differences of PUFA levels between patients with eating disorders and healthy controls, and the potentially beneficial effects of PUFAs in such patients.
Can n-3 fatty acids provide myocardial protection by decreasing infarct size and inhibiting atherothrombosis?; Objective. To present our published and unpublished data on the role of n-3 fatty acids and coenzyme Q10; a potent antioxidant and ATP-sparing agent, in decreasing myocardial infarct size and inhibiting the development of experimental atherosclerosis.
High ratio of ω-3/ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids targets mTORC1 to prevent high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome and mitochondrial dysfunction in mice; Adjusting omega-3/omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) ratio in high-fat diet is one potential mean to improve metabolic syndrome; however, underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Four groups of mice were fed 60% kcal diets with saturated fatty acids, three different omega-3/omega-6 PUFAs ratios (low, middle and high) for 12 weeks, respectively. Body weight, atherosclerosis marker, insulin signal index and level of lipid accumulation in liver were significantly lowered in High group compared with saturated fatty acids group and Low group at week 12. Expressions of p-mTOR and raptor were inhibited by high omega-3 PUFAs. Importantly, omega-3 PUFAs intake up-regulated mitochondrial electron transport chain and tricarboxylic acid cycle pathway through metabolomics analysis in liver. Mitochondrial complexes activities were raised, fumaric acid was reduced and oxidative stress was alleviated in High group. We conclude that consuming long-term high-fat diet with same calories but high omega-3/omega-6 PUFAs ratio relieves metabolic syndrome by regulating mTORC1 pathway to enhance mitochondrial function. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Supplementation and delivery of n-3 fatty acids through spray-dried milk reduce serum and liver lipids in rats; Indian diets comprising staples such as cereals, millets, and pulses provide 4.8 energy % from linoleic acid (18:2n-6) but fail to deliver adequate amounts of n-3 FA. Consumption of long-chain n-3 PUFA such as EPA (20:5n-3) and DHA (22:6n-3) is restricted to those who consume fish. The majority of the Indian population, however, are vegetarians needing additional dietary sources of n-3 PUFA. The present work was designed to use n-3 FA-enriched spray-dried milk powder to provide n-3 FA. Whole milk was supplemented with linseed oil to provide alpha-linolenic acid (LNA, 18:3n-3), with fish oil to provide EPA and DHA, or with groundnut oil (GNO), which is devoid of n-3 PUFA, and then spray-dried. Male Wistar rats were fed the spray-dried milk formulations for 60 d. The rats given formulations containing n-3 FA showed significant increases (P < 0.001) in the levels of LNA or EPA/DHA in the serum and in tissue lipids as compared with those fed the GNO control formulation. Rats fed formulations containing n-3 FA had 30-35% lower levels of serum total cholesterol and 25-30% lower levels of serum TAG than control animals. Total cholesterol and TAG in the livers of rats fed the formulations containing n-3 FA were lower by 18-30% and 11-18%, respectively, compared with control animals. This study showed that spray-dried milk formulations supplemented with n-3 FA are an effective means of improving dietary n-3 FA intake, which may decrease the risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease.
Qualitative analysis of hippocampal plastic changes in rats with epilepsy supplemented with oral omega-3 fatty acids; Studies have provided evidence of the important effects of omega-3 fatty acid on the brain in neurological conditions, including epilepsy. Previous data have indicated that omega-3 fatty acids lead to prevention of status epilepticus-associated neuropathological changes in the hippocampal formation of rats with epilepsy. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation has resulted in extensive preservation of GABAergic cells in animals with epilepsy. This study investigated the interplay of these effects with neurogenesis and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). The results clearly showed a positive effect of long-term omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on brain plasticity in animals with epilepsy. Enhanced hippocampal neurogenesis and BDNF levels and preservation of interneurons expressing parvalbumin were observed. Parvalbumin-positive cells were identified as surviving instead of newly formed cells. Additional investigations are needed to determine the electrophysiological properties of the newly formed cells and to clarify whether the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on brain plasticity are accompanied by functional gain in animals with epilepsy. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Plasma levels of n-3 fatty acids in bipolar patients: Deficit restricted to DHA; Epidemiological studies suggest that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 FA) deficiency is a risk factor for bipolar disorders (BDs). The aim of this study was to determine whether such a deficit does exist in patients with BD and to characterize the overall plasma fatty acid (FA) profile in these patients. Using gas chromatography/mass spectrometry, we measured fasting plasma levels of 15 FAs in 42 patients diagnosed with BD according to DSM-IV criteria and in 57 age- and gender-matched healthy controls. Plasma docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels were significantly decreased in bipolar patients (p < 0.001 versus healthy controls). Compared with controls, patients had higher plasma levels of all other FAs, including arachidonic acid (AA, p < 0.001), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, p < 0.001), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (p < 0.001). Although in the present study we observed significant DHA deficits in the plasma of bipolar patients our findings do not support the therapeutic use of ALA and/or EPA supplementation. DHA may provide a basis for possible pharmacological intervention in psychiatric disorders at the level of second messengers linked to the phosphatidylinositol cycle. Finally, measurement of FA levels in plasma seems to be more reliable and reproducible than assays of erythrocyte FA content. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Serum Lipids, Lipoprotein (a), and Hematologic Factors in Hemodialysis Patients; Background: Lipid abnormalities, especially high serum lipoprotein (a) [Lp (a)] concentration, and anemia are two major causes of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in hemodialysis patients. Therefore, this study was designed to investigate the effects of marine omega-3 fatty acids on serum lipids, Lp (a), and hematologic factors in hemodialysis patients. Methods: Thirty-four hemodialysis patients were randomly assigned to either omega-3 fatty acid supplement or placebo group. Patients in the omega-3 fatty acids group received 2080 mg marine omega-3 fatty acids, daily for 10 weeks, whereas the placebo group received a corresponding placebo. At baseline and the end of week 10, 7 mL blood was collected after a 12- to 14-h fast and serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), Lp (a), blood hemoglobin, hematocrit, red blood cells (RBCs), mean corpuscular volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), and mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) were measured. Results: Serum triglyceride decreased significantly in the omega-3 fatty acids group at the end of week 10 compared with baseline (p < 0.05) and this reduction was significant in comparison with the placebo group (p < 0.01). No significant differences were observed between the two groups in mean changes of serum total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, Lp (a), blood hemoglobin, hematocrit, RBC, MCV, MCH, and MCHC. Conclusion: The results of our study indicate that marine omega-3 fatty acids can reduce serum triglyceride, as a risk factor for CVD, but it does not affect other serum lipids, Lp (a), and hematologic factors in hemodialysis patients.
Cardiovascular risk factors in young, overweight, and obese European adults and associations with physical activity and omega-3 index; Excess body fat is associated with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The hypothesis of the study was that physical activity and omega-3 index, a marker of past long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption, counteract the negative associations between fatness and CVD risk factors in young overweight and obese adults. A total of 324 subjects (20-40 years, body mass index [BMI], 27.5-32.5 kg/m(2), from Iceland, Spain, and Ireland) were investigated cross-sectionally. Dietary intake, anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, CVD risk factors, and fatty acids in erythrocyte membrane were analyzed. Information on physical activity was collected. Linear models were constructed to find out the associations of BMI, physical activity (quartiles), and omega-3 index with CVD risk factors. The most frequently increased risk factors were blood lipids (41.4%) and blood pressure (32.1%); fewer participants experienced disturbed glucose metabolism (11.8%). Body mass index was significantly associated with increased CVD risk factors (P = .001-.029), with the exception, of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein. The highest physical activity quartile had a lower fat mass (P = .005, at a given BMI), leptin (P = .008, in male participants only), and interleukin 6 (P = .021) but higher high-density lipoprotein (P = .020) than other quartiles; however, an approximate dose-response relationship could only be observed for leptin. The omega-3 index was not associated with lower low-density lipoprotein (P = .056), but docosahexaenoic acid in erythrocyte membrane was associated to it (P = .016). It is concluded that physical activity and docosahexaenoic acid diminish some of the negative health effects associated with overweight and obesity; however, body fatness remains the most important variable associated with increased CVD risk factors in young overweight and obese adults. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The efficacy of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for severe burn patients: A systematic review and trial sequential meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background & aims: Severe burns lead to metabolic changes, systemic inflammatory response syndrome, and multiple organ dysfunction syndrome. Omege-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have antiinflammatory properties. In the absence of substantial evidence for use on major burns, we systematically reviewed the efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs for patients with severe burns. Methods: We comprehensively searched MEDLINE, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Internet, Wang Fang Data, Chinese Biomedicine Database, and Science Direct databases to collect randomised controlled trials of omega-3 PUFAs administered to patients with burns from January 2000 to June 2023. Two researchers independently screened the literatures, extracted the data, and assessed the risk of bias in the included studies. The outcomes were mortality, the risk of severe sepsis, septic shock, and multiple organ dysfunction syndrome. Data synthesis was conducted using Review Manager. Trial sequential analyses (TSA) for outcomes were performed. Results: Three randomised controlled trials involving 140 patients were included. Of these, 71 patients received omega-3 PUFAs. The results showed that omega-3 PUFAs significantly reduced the incidence of severe sepsis, septic shock, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (RR = 0.38, 95 % CI [0.19, 0.75], P = 0.005), C-reactive protein levels (MD = -39.70[-81.63, 2.23], P = 0.06), and improved respiratory outcomes. However, there was no difference in 14-day mortality (RR = 1.10, 95%CI [0.59, 2.05], P = 0.75). TSA showed that the results for the incidence of severe sepsis, septic shock, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome are insufficient and inconclusive. Conclusions: Omega-3 PUFAs may reduce inflammatory response and risk of sepsis, septic shock, and multiple organ dysfunction syndrome in severe burns patients and may shorten hospital stay but cannot reduce risk of death. Due to the limitation of the quantity and quality of the included studies, the evidence level is low, and the conclusions need to be verified by larger scale and higher quality randomised controlled trials. (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/ licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effects of ω-3 fatty acids on acute necrotizing pancreatitis in rats; The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3FA) on acute necrotizing pancreatitis (ANP) induced by glycodeoxycholic acid in rats. The induction of ANP resulted in significant increases in mortality rate, intestinal permeability, bacterial infection in pancreas and extrapancreatic organs, and serum activity of urea and amylase, alanine transferase (ALT), interleukin (IL)-6, tumor necrotizing factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) in bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluid, tissue activity of myeloperoxidase (MPO) and malondialdehyde (MDA) in the pancreas and lung, and a considerable decrease of concentrations of calcium, protein and albumin. The use of omega 3FA reduced mortality, phenol sulfophthalein excretion in urine, bacterial infection in pancreas, liver, spleen, MPO and MDA levels in pancreatic and lung tissue, LDH level in BAL fluid and serum IL-6 and TNF-alpha values. Serum triglyceride increased only in the omega 3FA groups. Serum amylase, ALT, calcium, urea, protein, IL-1, and degree of pancreatic damage indicated no difference between the pancreatitis groups. Increased intestinal permeability and cytokine levels, and free radical damage play an important role during the course of acute pancreatitis. The treatment with omega 3FA improves these effects. omega 3FA may be useful in the treatment during ANP in rats. Therefore, it can be beneficial in patients with pancreatitis. Copyright (c) 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Sleep apnea and inflammation - getting a good night's sleep with omega-3 supplementation; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a multifactorial sleep disorder associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Several mechanisms have been proposed to explain the association between OSA and cardiovascular dysfunction. One of the proposed mechanisms is an inflammatory response to OSA mediated by tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha). Patients with OSA have higher plasma, serum, and intracellular levels of TNF-alpha, which may be reduced after apnea treatment with continuous positive airway pressure (CRAP). Because TNF-alpha plays an important role in OSA related cardiovascular morbidity, the present review aims to identify other preventive measures, in addition to CRAP that may minimize the inflammatory process in OSA and consequently the risk of premature death due to cardiovascular dysfunction. Thus, we hypothesized that a nutritional immunology profile, i.e., supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids, may be valuable for individuals with OSA.
Cardiovascular disease prevalence and its relation to risk factors in Alaska Eskimos; Background and aims: Although Eskimos were thought to be protected from cardiovascular disease (CVD), state health data show a large proportion of deaths from CVD, despite traditional lifestyles and high omega-3 fatty acid intake. This article explores CVD prevalence and its relation to risk factors in Alaska Eskimos.
Whole Blood ω-3 Fatty Acids Are Inversely Associated with Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Indigenous Mexican Women; Background: Long-chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce the risk of atherosclerosis. The association between n-3. PUFAs and cardiovascular disease may vary across different populations, and there is limited information on Hispanic individuals with mixed Amerindian and European origin.
Electrophilic cyclopentenone neuroprostanes are anti-inflammatory mediators formed from the peroxidation of the ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid; The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) possesses potent anti-inflammatory properties and has shown therapeutic benefit in numerous inflammatory diseases. However, the molecular mechanisms of these anti-inflammatory properties are poorly understood. DHA is highly susceptible to peroxidation, which yields an array of potentially bioactive lipid species. One class of compounds are cyclopentenone neuroprostanes (A(4)/J(4)-NPs), which are highly reactive and similar in structure to anti-inflammatory cyclopentenone prostaglandins. Here we show that a synthetic A(4)/J(4)-NP, 14-A(4)-NP (A(4)-NP), potently suppresses lipopolysaccharide-induced expression of inducible nitric-oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 in macrophages. Furthermore, A(4)-NP blocks lipopolysaccharide-induced NF-kappa B activation via inhibition of I kappa kinase-mediated phosphorylation of I kappa B alpha. Mutation on I kappa kinase beta cysteine 179 markedly diminishes the effect of A(4)-NP, suggesting that A(4)-NP acts via thiol modification at this residue. Accordingly, the effects of A(4)-NP are independent of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma and are dependent on an intact reactive cyclopentenone ring. Interestingly, free radical-mediated oxidation of DHA greatly enhances its anti-inflammatory potency, an effect that closely parallels the formation of A(4)/J(4)-NPs. Furthermore, chemical reduction or conjugation to glutathione, both of which eliminate the bioactivity of A(4)-NP, also abrogate the anti-inflammatory effects of oxidized DHA. Thus, we have demonstrated that A(4)/J(4)-NPs, formed via the oxidation of DHA, are potent inhibitors of NF-kappa B signaling and may contribute to the antiinflammatory actions of DHA. These findings have implications for understanding the anti-inflammatory properties of omega-3 fatty acids, and elucidate novel interactions between lipid peroxidation products and inflammation.
Baseline characteristics of participants in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL): Effects on Bone Structure and Architecture; Vitamin D supplements are often used to benefit skeletal health, although data on effects of daily high-dose vitamin D alone on bone density and structure are lacking. The ongoing VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial testing effects of high-dose supplemental vitamin D-3 (cholecalciferol; 2000 IU/day) and/or omega-3 fatty acids (FAs; 1 g/day) for the primary prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease. The study has a mean treatment period of 5 years among 25,874 U.S. men >= 50 years and women >= 55 years old from all 50 states. The ancillary study, VITAL: Effects on Bone Structure and Architecture, is testing effects of vitamin D-3 and/or omega-3 FAs on musculoskeletal outcomes and body composition in a subcohort of 771 participants. At in-person visits at the Harvard Catalyst Clinical and Translational Science Center (CTSC), participants completed bone density/architecture, body composition, and physical performance assessments at baseline and two-year follow-up. Baseline characteristics were evenly distributed among treatment groups, suggesting that any uninvestigated confounders will be evenly distributed; sex differences were also analyzed. Future analyses of the two-year follow-up visits will elucidate whether daily high dose, supplemental vitamin D-3 and/or omega-3 FAs improve musculoskeletal outcomes, helping to advance clinical and public health recommendations.
Fat food for a bad mood.: Could we treat and prevent depression in type 2 diabetes by means of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids?: A review of the evidence; Aims Evidence strongly suggests that depression is a common complication of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, there is considerable room to improve the effectiveness of pharmacological antidepressant agents, as in only 50-60% of the depressed subjects with diabetes does pharmacotherapy lead to remission of depression. The aim of the present paper was to review whether polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of the omega-3 family could be used for the prevention and treatment of depression in Type 2 diabetes.
Impact of oral omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in early sepsis on clinical outcome and immunomodulation; Introduction: Sepsis is a systemic inflammatory response that is usually aggravated by inappropriate immune responses, which can be inhibited by omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants.
Characterization and biological effects of di-hydroxylated compounds deriving from the lipoxygenation of ALA; We have recently described a di-hydroxylated compound called protectin DX (PDX) which derives from docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) by double lipoxygenation. PDX exhibits anti-aggregatory and anti-inflammatory properties, that are also exhibited by similar molecules, called poxytrins, which possess the same E,Z,E conjugated triene geometry, and are synthesized from other polyunsaturated fatty acids with 22 or 20 carbons. Here we present new biological activities of di-hydroxylated metabolites deriving from alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) treated by soybean 15-lipoxygenase (sLOX). We show that 18:3n-3 is converted by sLOX into mainly 13(S)-OH-18:3 after reduction of the hydroperoxide product. But surprisingly, and in contrast to DHA which is metabolized into only one di-hydroxylated compound, 18:3n-3 leads to four di-hydroxylated fatty acid isomers. We report here the complete characterization of these compounds using high field NMR and GC-MS techniques, and some of their biological activities. These compounds are: 9(R),16(S)-dihydroxy-10E,12E,14E-octadecatrienoic acid, 9(S),16(S)-dihydroxy-10E,12E,14E-octadecatrienoic acid, 9(S),16(S)-dihydroxy-10E,12Z,14E-octadecatrienoic acid, and 9(R),16(S)-dihydroxy-10E,12 Z,14E-octadecatrienoic acid. They can also be synthesized by the human recombinant 15-lipoxygenase (type 2). Their inhibitory effect on blood platelet and anti-inflammatory properties were compared with those already reported for PDX.
Serum polyunsaturated fatty acid composition and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in healthy Japanese residents: The KOBE study; Serum polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition reflects dietary intake and is related to risks for cardiovascular diseases. We hypothesized that serum n-3 PUFA composition, especially including long-chain n-3 PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), is associated with inflammatory status, which is related to increased risk for cardiovascular diseases.
Autonomic nervous system, heart rate variability and n-3 fatty acids; Animal and in-vitro studies have shown profound antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on the heart. Because n-3 PUFAs (in particular docosahexaenoic acid) are abundant in nervous tissue, this antiarrhythmic effect may be mediated by effects of n-3 PUFAs on autonomic control or tone. This paper reviews the effect of n-3 PUFAs on heart rate variability, a noninvasive indicator of cardiac autonomic function. In most, although not all, studies, dietary n-3 PUFA levels and n-3 PUFA supplementation are related to improved heart rate variability. Although further research is required to confirm these relationships, the results support a beneficial effect of n-3 PUFAs on autonomic tone in humans, specifically an increase in vagal tone, which may reduce the risk of arrhythmias. The modulation of heart rate variability by n-3 PUFAs may partly explain the reduction in sudden cardiac death observed in subjects with a regular intake of n-3 PUFAs.
Quantification of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Dietary Supplements and Cooking Products Available on the Polish Market by Thin-Layer Chromatography-Densitometry; The effect of omega-3 fatty acids in the human body is multidirectional. They are used in cancer and cardiovascular disease prevention, to stabilize blood pressure, to improve immune function, and in the treatment of concentration disorders. Omega-3 acids, especially eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, are needed for proper human growth. There are several groups of pharmaceutical products containing these cons pounds, available in pharmacies and markets. Due to a high accessibility of various consumable products such as dietary supplements or food, their quality monitoring is advisable. Therefore, analytical procedures are needed, which will allow the quality of these products to be fast and accurately defined. In our work, thin-layer chromatography (TLC) with densitom etric detection was designed for the identification and quantification of the omega-3 fatty acids. The stationary phase constituted TLC silica gel plates activated by AgNO3 solution. As the mobile phase, a mixture of toluene-n-propanol-acetic acid (20:2:0.1, v/v) was used. Detection was performed at 520 nm, after staining with iodine vapor. The method was validated according to the International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) guidelines. The correctness of the results guarantees good precision and satisfactory recovery (96.59-103.20%). The presented analytical method was used for the determination of omega-3 fatty acids in selected dietary supplements and cooking oils giving satisfactory results.
Blood concentrations of individual long-chain n-3 fatty acids and risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction; Background: Whereas dietary intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids has been associated with risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), few studies have examined the relation for blood concentrations.
VITAL-Bone Health: Rationale and design of two ancillary studies evaluating the effects of vitamin D and/or omega-3 fatty acid supplements on incident fractures and bone health outcomes in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL); Rationale: Although vitamin D is widely used to promote skeletal health, definitive data on benefits and risks of supplemental vitamin D alone on bone are lacking. Results from large, randomized controlled trials in the general population are sparse. Data on the effects of supplemental omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) on bone are also limited.
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for hospitalized COVID-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and Objectives: Emerging expert consensuses and guidelines recommend that omega-3 fatty acids may have anti-inflammatory effects in hospitalized patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). However, these recommendations are based on pathophysiological studies of inflammation rather than direct clinical evidence. We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Methods and Study Design: We retrieved literature from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), WANFANG, Chinese Biomedical Literature Database, and Cochrane Library databases up to May 1, 2023. Data from studies comparing omega-3 fatty acids with a placebo or other pharmaceutical nutrients were analyzed. Results: Of 3032 records, 42 full-text articles were reviewed, five eligible studies were identified, and one study was found in the references. In total of six studies involving 273 patients were included, pooled, and analyzed. Compared to the control group, omega-3 fatty acid intervention reduced the overall mortality of hospitalized patients with COVID-19 (RR=0.76; 95% CI, [0.61, 0.93]; p=0.010). No serious or unexpected drug-related adverse events were observed. No statistical significance was observed in inflammatory markers such as CRP (MD=-9.69; 95% CI, [-22.52, 3.15]; p=0.14; I2=97%) and IL-6; however, the neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio was significantly lower in the omega-3 FAs group on day 7 of intervention (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acid administration may be associated with reduced mortality in hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Given the small sample size of enrolled studies, more rigorous and large-scale trials are urgently needed in the future to verify its efficacy.
Omega-3 fatty acids improve the diagnosis-related clinical outcome; Objective: Supplementation of clinical nutrition with omega-3 fatty acid in fish oil exerts immune-modulating and organ-protective effects, even after short-term application. The aim of this study was to evaluate dose-dependent effects of parenteral supplementation of a 10% fish oil emulsion (Omegaven, Fresenius-Kabi, Bad Homburg, Germany) on diagnosis- and organ failure-related outcome.
Docosahexaenoic acid-enriched canola oil increases adiponectin concentrations: A randomized crossover controlled intervention trial; Background and aims: Little is known about the effect of various dietary fatty acids on pro-and anti-inflammatory processes. We investigated the effect of 5 oils containing various amounts of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), linoleic acid (LA), oleic acid (OA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on plasma inflammatory biomarkers and expression levels of key inflammatory genes and transcription factors in whole blood cells.
Mechanistic insights into cardiovascular protection for omega-3 fatty acids and their bioactive lipid metabolites; Patients with well-controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, but persistent high triglycerides, remain at increased risk for cardiovascular events as evidenced by multiple genetic and epidemiologic studies, as well as recent clinical outcome trials. While many trials of low-dose omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFA5), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have shown mixed results to reduce cardiovascular events, recent trials with high-dose omega 3-PUFAs have reignited interest in omega 3-PUFA5, particularly EPA, in cardiovascular disease (CVD). REDUCE-IT demonstrated that high-dose EPA (4g/day icosapent-ethyl) reduced a composite of clinical events by 25% in statin-treated patients with established CVD or diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors. Outcome trials in similar statin-treated patients using DHA-containing high-dose omega 3 formulations have not yet shown the benefits of EPA alone. However, there are data to show that high-dose omega 3-PUFAs in patients with acute myocardial infarction had reduced left ventricular remodelling, non-infarct myocardial fibrosis, and systemic inflammation. omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids, along with their metabolites, such as oxylipins and other lipid mediators, have complex effects on the cardiovascular system. Together they target free fatty acid receptors and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in various tissues to modulate inflammation and lipid metabolism. Here, we review these multifactorial mechanisms of omega 3-PUFAs in view of recent clinical findings. These findings indicate physico-chemical and biological diversity among omega 3-PUFAs that influence tissue distributions as well as disparate effects on membrane organization, rates of lipid oxidation, as well as various receptor-mediated signal transduction pathways and effects on gene expression.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, fibrates and niacin as therapeutic options in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia: A review of the literature; Hypertriglyceridemia affects approximately 33% of the US population. Elevated triglyceride levels are independently associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, and severe hypertriglyceridemia is a risk factor for acute pancreatitis. Guidelines for the management of severe hypertriglyceridemia (>= 5.6 mmol/L [>= 500 mg/dL]) recommend immediate use of triglyceride-lowering agents; however, statins remain the first line of therapy for the management of mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia (1.7-5.6 mmol/L [150-499 mg/dL]). Statins primarily target elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, but have also been shown to reduce mean triglyceride levels by up to 18% (or 43% in patients with triglyceride levels >= 3.1 mmol/L [>= 273 mg/dL]). However, individuals with hypertriglyceridemia may need additional reduction in triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and remnant particles to further reduce residual CVD risk. A number of guidelines recommend the addition of fibrates, niacin, or long-chain omega-3 fatty acids if elevated triglyceride or non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels persist despite the use of high-intensity statin therapy. This review evaluates the impact of fibrates, niacin, and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids on lipid profiles and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. It also assesses the adverse effects and drug-drug interactions associated with these triglyceride-lowering agents, because although they have all been shown to effectively reduce triglyceride levels in patients with hypertriglyceridemia, they differ with regard to their associated benefit-risk profiles. Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may be a well-tolerated and effective alternative to fibrates and niacin, yet further large-scale clinical studies are required to evaluate their effects on cardiovascular outcomes and CVD risk reduction in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Longitudinal associations between marine omega-3 supplement users and coronary heart disease in a UK population-based cohort; Objectives Assess the association between marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) intake from supplements, mainly cod liver oil, and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality.
Fatty acid composition in major depression: Decreased omega 3 fractions in cholesteryl esters and increased C20:4 omega 6/C20:5 omega 3 ratio in cholesteryl esters and phospholipids; Recently, there were some reports that major depression may be accompanied by alterations in serum total cholesterol, cholesterol ester and omega 3 essential fatty acid levels and by an increased C20:4 omega 6/C20:5 omega 3, i.e., arachidonic acid/eicosapentaenoic, ratio. The present study aimed to examine fatty acid composition of serum cholesteryl esters and phospholipids in 36 major depressed, 14 minor depressed and 24 normal subjects. Individual saturated (e.g., C14:0; C16:0, C18:0) and unsaturated (e.g., C18:1, C18:2; C20:4) fatty acids in phospholipid and cholesteryl ester fractions were assayed and the sums of the percentages of omega 6 and omega 3, saturated, branched chain and odd chain fatty acids, monoenes as well as the ratios omega 6/omega 3 and C20:4 omega 6/C20:5 omega 3 were calculated. Major depressed subjects had significantly higher C20:4 omega 6/C20:5 omega 3 ratio in both serum cholesteryl esters and phospholipids and a significantly increased omega 6/omega 3 ratio in cholesteryl ester fraction than healthy volunteers and minor depressed subjects. Major depressed subjects had significantly lower C18:3 omega 3 in cholesteryl esters than normal controls. Major depressed subjects showed significantly lower total omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in cholesteryl esters and significantly lower C20:5 omega 3 in serum cholesteryl esters and phospholipids than minor depressed subjects and healthy controls. These findings suggest an abnormal intake or metabolism of essential fatty acids in conjunction with decreased formation of cholesteryl esters in major depression.
Association between fish and shellfish, and omega-3 PUFAs intake and CVD risk factors in middle-aged female patients with type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study was performed to investigate the association between the dietary intake of fish and shellfish, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty adds (PUFAs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in the middle-aged Korean female patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Marine <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and CVD: new insights from recent follow-up studies and clinical supplementation trials; Marine n-3 PUFA exert beneficial effects that might inhibit atherosclerosis and reduce vascular disease. Previous studies have, however, reported conflicting results and here we have summarised the early history and the most recent findings from follow-up studies and randomised clinical trials investigating marine n-3 PUFA in relation to the risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Most follow-up studies have suggested that the intake of marine n-3 PUFA may be associated with a lower risk of CVD. Recent studies have also shown that it is important to focus on substitution issues and dietary patterns. Further, the use of gold standard biomarkers of fatty acid exposure such as adipose tissue should be encouraged. Findings from clinical supplemental trials have shown conflicting results and findings from previous meta-analyses and guidelines have generally not supported the use of fish oil supplements for the prevention of CVD. However, a recent meta-analysis including three recent large clinical trials with fish oil supplements reported a moderate beneficial effect on cardiovascular endpoints. Interestingly, results from a large clinical trial (REDUCE-IT) have suggested that supplementation with a high dose of purified EPA ethyl ester for 4.9 years significantly and markedly reduced the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with CVD and mild hypertriglyceridaemia; findings that need to be confirmed. While it seems appropriate to recommend consumption of fish, particular fatty fish for prevention of CVD, an effect of fish oil supplements is probably at best marginal perhaps apart from patients with hypertriglyceridaemia.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids and human growth factor and cytokine gene expression; The pathogenesis of atherosclerosis has an inflammatory component that is deemed to play an important role in the development of alterations in the vessel wall, ultimately resulting in plaques and other abnormalities that narrow the artery's lumen. The extent and the speed of development of this inflammatory component is currently thought to be largely, modulated by cytokines. and growth factors. Among all classes of dietary unsaturated fatty acids studied so far, only omega-3 fatty acids down-regulate ex vivo expression of PDGF-A, PDGF-B, and MCP-1 in mononuclear cells. This down-regulation persists despite stimulation/differentiation of these cells, by adherence. The down-regulation is specific and selective for PDGF-A,, PDGF-B and MCP-1, which are thought to promote atherogenesis. This was found to be reflected in a reduced progression/increased regression of coronary lesions in a coronary angiography study, lending support to the importance of PDGF-A, PDGF-B and MCP-1 in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. (C) 2001 The European Society of Cardiology.
The efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on plasma homocysteine and malondialdehyde levels of type 2 diabetic patients; Background and aims: Cardiovascular diseases are the major cause of mortality among diabetic patients. The concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA) and homocysteine is believed to play a role in cardiovascular diseases. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation could be effective in some diabetes complications and in the control of the glycemic index. However, it may increase lipid peroxidation. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the concentration of homocysteine and MDA in diabetic patients.
Fetal growth, omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, and progression of subclinical atherosclerosis: preventing fetal origins of disease? The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study; Background: Impaired fetal growth is independently associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events in adulthood. Prevention strategies that can be implemented during adulthood have not been identified.
INFLUENCE OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON THE GROWTH OF HUMAN BREAST-CANCER CELLS IN-VITRO - RELATIONSHIP TO PEROXIDES AND VITAMIN-E; Epidemiological studies suggest a causal relationship of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA's) with the morbidity and mortality from breast cancer. In order to reveal possible underlying mechanisms of these findings, we studied the influence of n-3 and n-6 PUFA's in comparison to oleic acid on the proliferation of well characterized estrogen dependent (MCF-7, ZR-75, T-47-D) and estrogen independent (MDA-MB-231, HBL-100) breast cancer cells in culture. The cell growth inhibitory effect was related to the formation of lipid peroxidation products. Normal human skin fibroblasts served as a control. In fibroblasts, the addition of 20 mu g/ml of exogenous fatty acids either had no effect or caused an insignificant increase of proliferation. Similar results were obtained with MCF-7 cells. In all other breast cancer cell types, n-3 long-chain PUFA's, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, were the most effective fatty acids in arresting the cell growth. Alpha-linolenic and gamma-linolenic acid exerted a variable effect on cell proliferation depending on the cell line investigated. Oleic acid significantly stimulated the proliferation of hormone-independent breast cancer cells while it had no effect on the proliferation of hormone-dependent cells. Viability studies by trypan blue excretion indicated that the arrest in cell growth was not due to major cytotoxic effects.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Vitamin D in Cardiology; Dietary modification and supplementation play an increasingly important role in the conservative treatment of cardiovascular disease. Current interest has focused on n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and vitamin D. Clinical trial results on this subject are contradictory in many aspects. Several studies indicate that n-3 PUFA consumption improves vascular and cardiac hemodynamics, triglycerides, and possibly endothelial function, autonomic control, inflammation, thrombosis, and arrhythmia. Experimental studies show effects on membrane structure and associated functions, ion channel properties, genetic regulation, and production of anti-inflammatory mediators. Clinical trials evaluating a possible reduction in cardiovascular disease by n-3 PUFA have shown different results. Supplementation of vitamin D is common regarding prevention and treatment of osteoporosis. But vitamin D also seems to have several effects on the cardiovascular system. Vitamin D deficiency appears to be related to an increase in parathyroid hormone levels and can predispose to essential hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy, increased insulin resistance, and eventually to atherosclerosis and adverse cardiovascular events. Randomized prospective clinical trials are needed to determine whether vitamin D and omega-3 FA supplementation therapy should be recommended as a routine therapy for primary or secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on plasma lipids and lipoproteins and blood pressure in patients with CRF; Background: Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have a high incidence of cardiovascular disease and increased premature mortality. n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are known to decrease plasma triglyceride levels, reduce blood pressure (BP), and have a cardioprotective effect in subjects with normal renal function. The aim of this study is to examine the effect of n-3 PUFAs on plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels and 24-hour ambulatory BP in patients with CRF. Methods: Sixty-four patients with CRF, defined as a plasma creatinine level between 1.70 and 4.52 mg/dL (150 and 400 mumol/L), were included and randomly assigned to treatment with 2.4 g of n-3 PUFAs or control treatment (olive oil) for 8 weeks. Patients were evaluated by measurement of fasting plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels and 24-hour ambulatory BP recordings before and after the supplements. n-3 PUFA content was determined in cell membranes of granulocytes and adipose tissue samples to evaluate n-3 PUFA intake. Results: There was a significant 8% increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.01) and a significant 21% decrease in serum triglyceride levels (P < 0.02) in the group administered n-3 PUFA supplements. There were no changes in total cholesterol or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in any group, and n-3 PUFAs had no effect on 24-hour ambulatory BP. Conclusion: Supplementation with n-3 PUFAs had a favorable effect on lipoprotein profile in patients with CRF, whereas no effect on 24-hour ambulatory BP was observed.
Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid Is a Mediator of Fate-Decision of Adult Neural Stem Cells; The mammalian brain is enriched with lipids that serve as energy catalyzers or secondary messengers of essential signaling pathways. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 fatty acid synthesized de novo at low levels in humans, an endogenous supply from its precursors, and is mainly incorporated from nutrition, an exogeneous supply. Decreased levels of DHA have been reported in the brains of patients with neurodegenerative diseases. Preventing this decrease or supplementing the brain with DHA has been considered as a therapy for the DHA brain deficiency that could be linked with neuronal death or neurodegeneration. The mammalian brain has, however, a mechanism of compensation for loss of neurons in the brain: neurogenesis, the birth of neurons from neural stem cells. In adulthood, neurogenesis is still present, although at a slower rate and with low efficiency, where most of the newly born neurons die. Neural stem/progenitor cells (NSPCs) have been shown to require lipids for proper metabolism for proliferation maintenance and neurogenesis induction. Recent studies have focused on the effects of these essential lipids on the neurobiology of NSPCs. This review aimed to introduce the possible use of DHA to impact NSPC fate-decision as a therapy for neurodegenerative diseases.
Dietary fatty acids and cardiovascular disease:: An epidemiological approach; The quality of dietary fat in relation to cardiovascular disease forms the basis of the diet-heart hypothesis. Current recommendations on dietary fat now emphasise quality rather than quantity. The focus of this review is to summarise the results from prospective cohort studies on dietary fat and cardiovascular disease outcomes. Relatively few prospective cohort studies have found an association between dietary fat quality and cardiovascular disease, partly because of limitations in estimating dietary intake. Saturated and trans fatty acids have increased cardiovascular risk in several studies. Both n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been associated with lower cardiovascular risk. Within the n-6 series, linoleic acid seems to decrease cardiovascular risk. Within the n-3 series the long-chain fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) are associated with decreased risk for especially fatal coronary outcomes, whereas the role of alpha-linolenic acid is less clear. Dietary fat quality also influences the activity of enzymes involved in the desaturation of fatty acids in the body. Serum desaturase indices have been consistently associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Data from metabolic and clinical studies reinforce findings from observational studies supporting recommendations to replace saturated and trans fat with unsaturated fat in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mercury exposure and omega-3 fatty acid intake in relation to renal function in the US population; It remains unclear whether exposure to low-level mercury (Hg) is associated with impaired renal function, and whether omega-3 fatty acid (FA) intake could affect the association of interest. The current study examined the association of blood Hg and omega-3 FAs with renal function using data from 1046 subjects aged 40 or above from the 2003-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Kidney function was assessed by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and occurrence of albuminuria. Logistic regression analyses were applied to assess the association of interest with confounding variable adjustment. The analyses indicated that blood Hg was associated with reduced eGFR (<60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) in a dose-response fashion (p <0.05). The association was particularly apparent with adjustment for blood omega-3 FA levels. The adjusted odds ratio for having reduced eGFR was 2.94 (95% confidence interval = 1.04-8.33) in the highest tertile of blood Hg as compared with the lowest tertile. There was no significant association between Hg exposure and albuminuria. In summary, this study demonstrates that Hg exposure is associated with increased odds of having lower GFR in the US population aged 40 or above. A statistical association with albuminuria was not apparent. We also observed that omega-3 FA intake may play a preventive role in Hg-induced nephrotoxicity. Additional studies are warranted to determine the sources, exposure routes, and forms of Hg most responsible for observed associations. Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Flash'O real-world evidence programme - Attitude and practices toward the use of omega-3 FA by physicians from Middle East Countries; The Flash'O project was designed to provide insights into the current use of prescription omega-3 and their perceived benefits by physicians in real-world clinical practice, in Russia, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, and Gulf countries, and to determine the adherence of physicians to dyslipidemia management guidelines. The present study focuses on Flash'O's process and results in Middle East countries.
Exposure to the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid impairs alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-mediated contractile responses and inositol phosphate formation in rat cardiomyocytes; The beneficial effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids of fish oil in the prevention of fatal arrhythmias in myocardial ischemia were suggested to be at least in part mediated by a modulation of dihydropyridine-sensitive L-type calcium channels. As car diac alpha(1)-adrenoceptor stimulation has been suggested to have no significant effect on L-type calcium chan nels, the aim of this study using cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes was to investigate whether chronic n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid exposure may have an influence on alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-induced positive inotropic effects and induction of arrhythmias. Pretreatment of the rat cardiomyocytes for 3 days in the presence of the n-3 polyunsaturated fish oil-derived fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (60 mu mol/l) markedly decreased alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-stimulated increase in contraction velocity and induction of arrhythmias. The increase in contraction velocity of the cardiomyocytes induced by the beta-adrenoceptor agonist isoprenaline was also markedly reduced by the n-3 fatty acid pretreatment. Basal contractile amplitude and spontaneous beating frequency of the cardiomyocytes were not significantly altered by the docosahexaenoic acid exposure. The pretreatment of the rat cardiomyocytes for 3 days in the presence of docosahexaenoic acid (60 mu mol/l) decreased alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-stimulated formation of the calcium-mobilizing second messenger IP3 and its metabolites IP2 and IP1 by 55%, The depression of IP3 formation by docosahexaenoic acid treatment was not mediated by a decreased uptake of myo-inositol into the cardiomyocytes nor by a decreased synthesis of phosphatidylinositol bisphosphate (PIP2), the substrate of phospholipase C. The level of glycerol-3-phosphate, an important substrate of the phosphoinositide cycle, was unaltered by the docosahexaenoic acid pretreatment. Receptor binding studies revealed that the dissociation constant and maximal binding capacity of the alpha(1)-adrenoceptor antagonist (H-3)prazosin was unchanged by the n-3 polpunsaturated fatty acid exposure. beta-Adrenoceptor- and forsltolin-stimulated adenylyl cyclase activities were not diminished by the docosahexaenoic acid pretreatment. Chronic exposure of the cardiomyocytes to the n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (60 mu mol/l) did neither significantly alter alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-induced inositol phosphate formation nor alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-stimulated increase in contraction velocity, The results presented show that chronic n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid pretreatment of rat cardiomyocytes leads to a marked impairment of alpha(1)-adrenoceptor-induced positive inotropic effects and induction of arrhythmias concomitant with a n-3 fatty acid-induced decrease in IP3 formation. This derangement of the phosphoinositide pathway by chronic n-3 fatty acid exposure may, thus, contribute to the beneficial effects of fish oil-derived fatty acids in the prevention of fatal arrhythmias in myocardial ischemia.
Relationship between the omega-3 index and specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators in patients with peripheral arterial disease taking fish oil supplements; BACKGROUND: Oral supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) increases the omega-3 index, a biomarker of red blood cell eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, and plasma levels of biosynthesis pathway markers and potent lipid mediators involved in the resolution of inflammation among patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD).
Pattern of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and fish consumption and retinal vascular caliber in children and adolescents: A cohort study; We aimed to investigate whether fish and long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCn-3 PUFA) consumption changed appreciably during adolescence. We also assessed whether these dietary variables are associated with retinal microvascular signs (possible markers of future cardiovascular disease risk). 633 children had dietary data at ages 12 and 17. Fish and LCn-3 PUFA [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] intake was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Retinal vessel caliber was quantified from digital photographs using computer software. Mean energy-adjusted intakes (mg/day) of total LCn-3 PUFA, EPA, and DHA at age 12 were 297.1 +/- 261.1; 102.5 +/- 106.9; and 129.7 +/- 137.7, respectively; and this increased significantly at age 17 to: 347.0 +/- 324.0 (p<0.0001); 122.5 +/- 132.7 (p = 0.0001); and 160.3 +/- 171.4 (p < 0.0001), respectively. Increasing quartiles of LCn-3PUFA intake were associated with widening of mean retinal arteriolar caliber among 17-year old girls similar to 3.9 mu m (multivariable-adjusted P-trend = 0.001). Girls who consumed >= 2 serves of fish/week versus those who did not had similar to 2.1 mu m wider retinal arterioles (p = 0.03). No associations were observed among boys or with retinal venules. Mean dietary intakes of LCn-3 PUFA increased during adolescence, but are still below recommended levels of consumption. These results suggest that LCn-3 PUFA and fish intake might have a beneficial influence.
Omega-3 fatty acids intake and risks of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis; Background: We systematically reviewed the association of omega-3 fatty acids intake with the incidence of dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD) in this meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, as evidence from previous studies suggests inconsistent results.
Omega-3 decreases IL-6 levels in HIV and human herpesvirus-8 coinfected patients in Uganda; Objective: Kaposi sarcoma is a HIV-associated malignancy caused by human herpes-virus-8 (HHV-8) that occurs at highest incidence in sub-Saharan Africa. Kaposi sarcoma patients often present with inflammatory symptoms associated with higher mortality.
Brain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids modulate microglia cell number and morphology in response to intracerebroventricular amyloid-β 1-40 in mice; Background: Neuroinflammation is a proposed mechanism by which Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathology potentiates neuronal death and cognitive decline. Consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is associated with a decreased risk of AD in human observational studies and exerts protective effects on cognition and pathology in animal models. These fatty acids and molecules derived from them are known to have anti-inflammatory and pro-resolving properties, presenting a potential mechanism for these protective effects.
N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Relationship to Inflammation in Healthy Adults and Adults Exhibiting Features of Metabolic Syndrome; Individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS) have a higher risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, therefore, research has been directed at reducing various components that contribute to MetS and associated metabolic impairments, including chronic low-grade inflammation. Epidemiological, human, animal and cell culture studies provide evidence that dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), including alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3, ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3, EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3, DHA) may improve some of the components associated with MetS. The current review will discuss recent evidence from human observational and intervention studies that focused on the effects of ALA, EPA or DHA on inflammatory markers in healthy adults and those with one or more features of MetS. Observational studies in healthy adults support the recommendation that a diet rich in n-3 fatty acids may play a role in preventing and reducing inflammation, whereas intervention studies in healthy adults have yielded inconsistent results. The majority of intervention studies in adults with features of MetS have reported a benefit for some inflammatory measures; however, other studies using high n-3 fatty acid doses and long supplementation periods have reported no effect. Overall, the data reviewed herein support recommendations for regular fatty fish consumption and point toward health benefits in terms of lowering inflammation in adults with one or more features of MetS.
<i>n</i>-6 and <i>n</i>-3 PUFA intakes of pre-school children in Flanders, Belgium; In this study, the intake of n-6 and n-3 PUFA of pre-school children in Flanders, Belgium, was evaluated, and recommendations to address the very low intake of long-chain PUFA are presented. Food consumption data (based on parentally reported 3 d dietary records obtained from October 2002 to February 2003) of 661 children (338 boys, 323 girls) between 2.5 and 6.5 years of age and the PUFA concentrations obtained from various food composition databases were used. The actual PUFA intake levels were compared to Belgian, European and American recommendations. Only the intake of linoleic acid (LA) fell within the recommended ranges. Margarine, bread, biscuits and chocolate products contributed most to LA intake. The intake of alpha-linolenic acid (LNA) was low compared to the recommendations and was obtained mostly from the consumption of margarines and fatty sauces. This resulted in a high LA/LNA ratio. The intake of all long-chain PUFA was far below the recommended levels. Meat and meat products were the most important sources of arachidonic acid. Consumption of fish and other seafood was very low, though these were the most important sources of long-chain n-3 PUFA. In conclusion, Flemish pre-school children should consume more n-3-rich products in order to increase their LNA intake and decrease their LA/LNA ratio. Furthermore, the replacement of meat products rich in SFA by poultry would increase the arachidonic acid intake. As well, fatty fish consumption needs to be increased, as it is a rich source of long-chain n-3 PUFA.
Prevention of 7-Ketocholesterol-Induced Overproduction of Reactive Oxygen Species, Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Cell Death with Major Nutrients (Polyphenols, ω3 and ω9 Unsaturated Fatty Acids) of the Mediterranean Diet on N2a Neuronal Cells; The brain, which is a cholesterol-rich organ, can be subject to oxidative stress in a variety of pathophysiological conditions, age-related diseases and some rare pathologies. This can lead to the formation of 7-ketocholesterol (7KC), a toxic derivative of cholesterol mainly produced by auto-oxidation. So, preventing the neuronal toxicity of 7KC is an important issue to avoid brain damage. As there are numerous data in favor of the prevention of neurodegeneration by the Mediterranean diet, this study aimed to evaluate the potential of a series of polyphenols (resveratrol, RSV; quercetin, QCT; and apigenin, API) as well as omega 3 and omega 9 unsaturated fatty acids (alpha -linolenic acid, ALA; eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA, and oleic acid, OA) widely present in this diet, to prevent 7KC (50 mu M)-induced dysfunction of N2a neuronal cells. When polyphenols and fatty acids were used at non-toxic concentrations (polyphenols: <= 6.25 mu M; fatty acids: <= 25 mu M) as defined by the fluorescein diacetate assay, they greatly reduce 7KC-induced toxicity. The cytoprotective effects observed with polyphenols and fatty acids were comparable to those of alpha -tocopherol (400 mu M) used as a reference. These polyphenols and fatty acids attenuate the overproduction of reactive oxygen species and the 7KC-induced drop in mitochondrial transmembrane potential (Delta Psi m) measured by flow cytometry after dihydroethidium and DiOC(6)(3) staining, respectively. Moreover, the studied polyphenols and fatty acids reduced plasma membrane permeability considered as a criterion for cell death measured by flow cytometry after propidium iodide staining. Our data show that polyphenols (RSV, QCT and API) as well as omega 3 and omega 9 unsaturated fatty acids (ALA, EPA, DHA and OA) are potent cytoprotective agents against 7KC-induced neurotoxicity in N2a cells. Their cytoprotective effects could partly explain the benefits of the Mediterranean diet on human health, particularly in the prevention of neurodegenerative diseases.
Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation restores mechanisms that maintain brain Homeostasis in traumatic brain injury; Traumatic brain injury TBI) produces a state of vulnerability that reduces the brain capacity to cope with secondary insults. The silent information regulator 2 (Sir2) has been implicated with maintaining genomic stability and cellular homeostasis under challenging situation. Here we explore the possibility that the action of Sir2 alpha (mammalian Sir2) in the brain can extend to serve neuronal plasticity. We provide novel evidence showing that mild TBI reduces the expression of Sir2a in the hippocampus, in proportion to increased levels of protein oxidation. In addition, we show that dietary supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids that ameliorates protein oxidation was effective to reverse the reduction of Sir2a level in injured rats. Given that oxidative stress is a subproduct of dysfunctional energy homeostasis, we measured AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and phosphorylated-AMPK (p-AMPK) to have an indication of the energy status of cells. Hippocampal levels of total and phosphorylated AMPK were reduced after TBI and levels were normalized by omega-3 fatty acts supplements. Further, we found that TBI reduced ubiquitous mitochondrial creatine kinase (uMtCK), an enzyme implicated in the energetic regulation of Ca2+-pumps and in the maintenance of Ca2+ -homeostasis. Omega-3 fatty acids supplements normalized the levels of uMtCK after lesion. Furthermore, we found that the correlation between Sir2a and AMPK or p-AMPK was disrupted by TBI, but restored by omega-3 fatty acids supplements. Our results suggest that TBI may compromise neuronal protective mechanisms by involving the action of Sir2a. In addition, results show the capacity of omega-3 fatty acids to counteract some of the effects of TBI by normalizing levels of molecular systems associated with energy homeostasis.
Effect of dietary supplementation with ω-3 fatty acids on progression of atherosclerosis in carotid arteries; Objective: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) from fish oil slow atherosclerosis progression in coronary arteries, as we showed in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Embedded in this trial, the present study examined the influence of 2 years of dietary supplementation with 1.65 g omega-3 PUFA per day on progression of carotid atherosclerosis in 223 patients with coronary artery disease. Methods: Coronary angiography, a comprehensive clinical examination, and intima-media thickness measurement by B-mode ultrasound of the carotid arteries (common, internal and bifurcation), were performed at the study start and study end. An expert panel visually evaluated the global change of carotid atherosclerosis on a semiquantitative scale. A second outcome measure was the change of overall mean maximum intima-media thickness. Results: One hundred and seventy-one patients completed the study. In the global change score, 38% of the patients in the fish oil group and 35% in the placebo group showed progression. Global change was not different between intervention groups. Mean maximum intima-media thickness increased by 0.07+/-0.13 mm and 0.05+/-0.11 mm in the fish oil and placebo group, respectively (mean+/-S.D., P=0.24). No correlation was found between the change in carotid and coronary arteries. Conclusions: In this group of selected patients with documented coronary artery disease omega-3 PUFA given for 2 years did not demonstrate an effect on slowing progression of atherosclerosis in carotid arteries as measured by ultrasound. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Review on retention of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (EPA and DHA) in fish as affected by cooking methods; Fatty acids are essential building blocks for the structural components of the cells, tissues, organs, and certain biologically active substances synthesis. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are long-chain fatty acids essential for several biological functions including oxidative stress reduction and cardiovascular safety. Diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids is well acknowledged as beneficial to one's health and well-being. For the development of balanced diets, the nutrient content of raw and cooked foods is crucial. However, cooking method, animal age, and carcass characteristics might affect nutrient retention during cooking, and these factors are often unique to specific countries. This review thus provides a general overview of several cooking effects on long-chain omega-3 retention in fish. It can be concluded that the DHA and EPA's true retention values are correlated to the impact of different cooking treatments.(c) All Rights Reserved
Effects of long-term vitamin D and <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory and cardiac biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes: secondary analyses from a randomised controlled trial; Aims/hypothesis Interventions that reduce inflammation may delay progression of microvascular and macrovascular complications in diabetes. We examined the effects of vitamin D-3 and/or n-3 fatty acid supplementation vs placebo on 5 year changes in serum inflammatory and cardiac biomarkers in adults with type 2 diabetes. Methods This study reports pre-specified secondary outcomes of the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial to Prevent and Treat Diabetic Kidney Disease, in which 1312 US adults with type 2 diabetes and without known cardiovascular disease, malignancy, or end-stage kidney disease were randomised using computer-generated random numbers in blocks of eight to vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/day) vs placebo and n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]; 1 g/day) vs placebo in a 2 x 2 factorial design. Participants, examiners, and researchers assessing outcomes were blinded to intervention assignment. We measured serum IL-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) at baseline and after 2 and 5 years. Results A total of 333 participants were randomised to vitamin D-3 and placebo n-3 fatty acids, 289 to n-3 fatty acids and placebo vitamin D-3, 370 to vitamin D-3 and n-3 fatty acids, and 320 to 2 placebos; 989 (75%) and 934 (71%) participants returned blood samples at 2 and 5 years, respectively. Participants had a mean age of 67.6 years (46% women). Overall, baseline geometric means of IL-6, hsCRP and NT-proBNP were 1.2 pg/ml, 1.9 mg/l and 262 ng/l, respectively. After 5 years, mean IL-6 and hsCRP remained within 6% of their baseline values while mean NT-proBNP increased by 55% overall. Compared with placebo, participants assigned to vitamin D-3 had a 1.24-fold greater increase in NT-proBNP over 5 years (95% CI 1.09, 1.41; p = 0.003), while IL-6 and hsCRP did not have a significant difference in change. Comparing n-3 fatty acids with placebo, there was no significant difference in change in IL-6, hsCRP or NT-proBNP. No heterogeneity was observed in subgroup analyses accounting for baseline eGFR, urine albumin to creatinine ratio, initial biomarker concentration, 25-hydroxyvitamin D level or EPA+DHA index. Conclusions/interpretation Among adults with type 2 diabetes, supplementation with vitamin D-3 or n-3 fatty acids did not reduce IL-6, hsCRP or NT-proBNP over 5 years. Funding The study was funded by grant R01DK088762 from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.
Antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 fatty acids: From epidemiology to bedside; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are emerging as a safe and effective means to reduce sudden death after acute myocardial infarction. This review summarizes the epidemiological background for the use of omega-3 fatty acids with this indication, clinical trials performed so far, and experimental data supporting their antiarrhythmic efficacy.
THE FATTY ACIDS AND RELATIONSHIP WITH HEALTH; The functionality of the eukaryotic cell depends on the cell membrane, the genetic information and action of different organelles with or without the presence of membranes. The functionality of the cell membrane and organelles containing it depends primarily on the type and location of fatty acids in the phospholipids and the type of enzymes associated with them, this allows the fatty acids to be metabolized to new species that exert various functions. From this perspective, some essential fatty acids (EFAs) that produce metabolites that exert health benefits are identified, (for example antiinflammatory, neuroprotection, etc) and exert negative effects metabolites (eg inflammation, necrosis promoters, atheroma, etc.) are also generated. In general, these adverse or beneficial effects depend on the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 obtained in the diet. Thus, the higher this ratio is more negative effect; therefore the challenge of the current supply is obtained through food consumption, lower ratios in these fatty acids. The present review aims to present recent evidence on the effects of some AGEs, and the role of diet in maintaining health.
Effect of omega-3 supplementation on lipid profile in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; PurposeDyslipidemia is considered as a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Yet various trials with wide ranges of doses and durations have reported contradictory results. We undertook this meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to determine whether omega-3 supplementation can affect lipid profile in children and adolescents.MethodsCochrane Library, Embase, PubMed, and Scopus databases were searched up to March 2021. Meta-analysis was performed using random-effect method. Effect size was expressed as weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was assessed using the I-2 index. In order to identification of potential sources of heterogeneity, predefined subgroup and meta-regression analysis was conducted.ResultsA total of 14 RCTs with 15 data sets were included. Based on the combination of effect sizes, there was a significant reduction in TG levels (WMD: -15.71 mg/dl, 95% CI: -25.76 to -5.65, P=0.002), with remarkable heterogeneity (I-2=88.3%, P<0.001). However, subgroup analysis revealed that omega-3 supplementation significantly decreased TG only in studies conducted on participants <= 13 years old (WMD=-25.09, 95% CI: -43.29 to -6.90, P=0.007), (I-2=84.6%, P<0.001) and those with hypertriglyceridemia (WMD=-28.26, 95% CI: -39.12 to -17.41, P<0.001), (I-2=0.0%, P=0.934). Omega-3 supplementation had no significant effect on total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL levels. Also, results of nonlinear analysis showed significant effect of treatment duration on HDL status (Pnon-linearity=0.047).ConclusionOmega-3 supplementation may significantly reduce TG levels in younger children and those with hypertriglyceridemia. Also, based on the HDL-related results, clinical trials with longer duration of intervention are recommended in this population.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Reduce Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Production and Suppress Endothelial Wound Repair; Long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have diverse beneficial effects on cardiovascular diseases and have been used widely as supplements in reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases. The beneficial effects are believed to be related to the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant action of n-3 PUFA. EPA and DHA can inhibit inflammatory cytokine-induced endothelial activation and reduce endothelial migration and proliferation. Revascularisation is the major therapeutic approach for end-stage cardiovascular diseases, and endothelial migration and proliferation are essential for the success of revascularisation. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of n-3 PUFAs on vascular endothelial wound repair. A scratch-wound repair assay was carried out in cultured human microvascular endothelial cells (HMEC-1) with and without different concentrations of DHA or EPA. The effect of DHA and EPA on HMEC-1 proliferation was examined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay. The effect of DHA and EPA on vegf mRNA expression was detected by real-time RT-PCR and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) protein secretion by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. DHA and EPA dose-dependently suppressed HMEC-1 cell proliferation and wound repair. DHA and EPA treatment did not induce significant HMEC-1 cell death. The treatment, however, significantly suppressed vegf mRNA expression and protein secretion in both normoxia and hypoxia culture conditions. The addition of exogenous VEGF prevented DHA- and EPA-mediated suppression of HMEC-1 cell proliferation. DHA and EPA have anti-angiogenic effect partially through vegf suppression. The use of DHA and EPA may benefit angiogenic diseases, but may have potential side effects to patients undergoing revascularisation therapy. Further studies will be required to confirm the effect of n-3 PUFAs on vascular repair.
Enteral omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in adult patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis; Controversy remains as to whether enteral supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids (FA) could improve outcomes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Thus, we did a meta-analysis and aimed to investigate the benefit and harm of enteral omega-3 FA supplementation in adult patients with ARDS.
ANALYSIS OF ω-3 FATTY ACID CONTENT OF POLISH FISH OIL DRUG AND DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS; Study results indicate that a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 (PUPA n-3) exerts favorable effect on human health, accounting for reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. PUFA n-3 contained in marine fish oils, particularly eicosapentaenoic (EPA. 20:5 n-3) and docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6 n-3) acids, are attributed antithrombotic, anti-inflammatory. anti-atherosclerotic and anti-arrhythmic effects. They have also beneficial effects on cognitive functions and immunological mechanisms of an organism. Considering the fact that marine fish are not abundant in Western diet, the pharmaceutical industry reacts with a broad selection of PUFA n-3 containing dietary supplements and drugs. Increased consumers' interest with those products has been observed recently. Therefore, their quality, understood as reliability of manufacturer's declaration of composition of offered dietary supplements, is highly important. We have tested 22 products available in phamutcies and supermarkets, manufacturers of which declared content of n-3 fatty acids (21 dietary supplements and I drug). Identity and content of DHA and EPA were assessed using H-1 NMR spectroscopy, based on characteristic signals from protons in methylene groups. Almost one in five of the examined dietary supplements contains < 89% of the PUFA n-3 amount declared by its manufacturer. For a majority of tested products the manufacturer -declared information regarding DHA (58%) and EPA (74%) content was consistent with the actual composition. It is notable that more cases of discrepancy between the declared and the actual content regarded DHA than EPA, which indicates a less favorable balance, considering the pro-health effect of those acids. Over a half of tested products provides the supplementary dose (25(1 mg/day) with one capsule taken daily, and in 27% of cases the daily dosage should be doubled. Only 10% of those products ensure the appropriate dose for cardiovascular patients (1 g/day) with the use of I capsule a day. Correct information provided by a manufacturer on a label regarding the total amount of DHA and EPA is a basis for selection of an appropriate dosage.
Health benefits of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA); Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is essential for the growth and functional development of the brain in infants. DHA is also required for maintenance of normal brain function in adults. The inclusion of plentiful DHA in the diet improves learning ability, whereas deficiencies of DHA are associated with deficits in learning. DHA is taken up by the brain in preference to other fatty acids. The turnover of DHA in the brain is very fast, more so than is generally realized. The visual acuity of healthy, full-term, formula-fed infants is increased when their formula includes DHA. During the last 50 years, many infants have been fed formula diets lacking DHA and other omega-3 fatty acids. DHA deficiencies are associated with foetal alcohol syndrome, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, cystic fibrosis, phenylketonuria, unipolar depression, aggressive hostility, and adrenoleukodystrophy. Decreases in DHA in the brain are associated with cognitive decline during aging and with onset of sporadic Alzheimer disease. The leading cause of death in western nations is cardiovascular disease. Epidemiological studies have shown a strong correlation between fish consumption and reduction in sudden death from myocardial infarction. The reduction is approximately 50% with 200 mg day(-1) of DHA from fish. DHA is the active component in fish, Not only does fish oil reduce triglycerides in the blood and decrease thrombosis, but it also prevents cardiac arrhythmias. The association of DHA deficiency with depression is the reason for the robust positive correlation between depression and myocardial infarction. Patients with cardiovascular disease or Type II diabetes are often advised to adopt a low-fat diet with a high proportion of carbohydrate. A study with women shows that this type of diet increases plasma triglycerides and the severity of Type II diabetes and coronary heart disease. DHA is present in fatty fish (salmon, tuna, mackerel) and mother's milk. DHA is present at low levels in meat and eggs, but is not usually present in infant formulas. EPA, another long-chain n-3 fatty acid, is also present in fatty fish. The shorter chain n-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid, is not converted very well to DHA in man. These longchain n-3 fatty acids (also known as omega-3 fatty acids) are now becoming available in some foods, especially infant formula and eggs in Europe and Japan. Fish oil decreases the proliferation of tumour cells, whereas arachidonic acid, a longchain n-6 fatty acid, increases their proliferation. These opposite effects are also seen with inflammation, particularly with rheumatoid arthritis, and with asthma. DHA has a positive effect on diseases such as hypertension, arthritis, atherosclerosis, depression, adult-onset diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction, thrombosis, and some cancers. (C) 1999 Academic Press.
Low levels of docosahexaenoic acid identified in acute coronary syndrome patients with depression; As deficiencies in n-3 PUFAs have been linked separately to depression and to cardiovascular disease, they could act as a higher order variable contributing to the established link between depression and cardiovascular disease. We therefore examine the relationship between depression and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), including total n-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Plasma phospholipid levels of n-3 PUFA were measured in 100 patients hospitalized with ACS. Current major depressive episode was assessed by the Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI). Depression severity was assessed by the 18-item Depression in the Medically III (DMI-18) measure. Patients clinically diagnosed with current depression had significantly lower mean total n-3 PUFA and DHA levels. Higher DMI-18 depression severity scores were significantly associated with lower DHA levels, with similar but non-significant trends observed for EPA and total n-3 PUFA levels. The finding that low DHA levels were associated with depression variables in ACS patients may explain links demonstrated between cardiovascular health and depression, and may have prophylactic and treatment implications. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed Consumption Reduces Blood Pressure in Patients With Hypertension by Altering Circulating Oxylipins via an α-Linolenic Acid-Induced Inhibition of Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase; In a randomized, double-blinded, controlled clinical trial, participants with peripheral arterial disease (75% hypertensive) consumed 30 g of milled flaxseed/d for 6 months. The flaxseed group exhibited significant reductions in systolic (-10 mm Hg) and diastolic (-7 mm Hg) blood pressure. Flaxseed contains the n3 fatty acid -linolenic acid. Plasma -linolenic acid increased with ingestion of flaxseed and was inversely associated with blood pressure. However, the antihypertensive mechanism was unclear. Oxylipins derived from polyunsaturated fatty acids regulate vascular tone. Therefore, the objective was to examine whether flaxseed consumption altered plasma oxylipins in a manner that influenced blood pressure. Plasma of FlaxPAD (Flaxseed for Peripheral Arterial Disease) participants underwent solid phase extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry analysis. The flaxseed group exhibited significant decreases in 8 plasma oxylipins versus control. Six of these (5,6-, 8,9-, 11,12-, 14,15-dihydroxyeicosatrienoic acid and 9,10- and 12,13-dihydroxyoctadecenoic acid) were products of soluble epoxide hydrolase, a pharmacological target for antihypertensive treatment. Patients exhibiting a decrease in total plasma soluble epoxide hydrolase-derived oxylipins, exhibited a significant decrease in systolic blood pressure (mean [95% confidence interval], -7.97 [-14.4 to -1.50] mm Hg) versus those who exhibited increased plasma soluble epoxide hydrolase-derived oxylipins (+3.17 [-4.78 to 11.13] mm Hg). These data suggest that a flaxseed bioactive may have decreased blood pressure via soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition. Using a soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibitor screening assay, increasing concentrations of -linolenic acid decreased soluble epoxide hydrolase activity (P=0.0048; =-0.94). In conclusion, -linolenic acid in flaxseed may have inhibited soluble epoxide hydrolase, which altered oxylipin concentrations that contributed to the antihypertensive effects in patients with peripheral arterial disease.
The prognostic utility of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) in patients with acute coronary heart disease; Background: We previously investigated the prognostic utility of red blood cell (RBC) n-3 fatty acids (FAs) in survivors of an acute myocardial syndrome (ACS) but found no relationship with all-cause mortality and cardiac death or MI after two years. Here we extend our follow-up to 7 years, focusing on the potential predictive power of RBC n-6 FAs.
Long-chain omega 3 fatty acids: Molecular bases of potential antioxidant actions; Several lines of investigation are being developed to assess the impact of polyunsaturated fatty acids, namely those of the omega 3 series, intake on oxidative stress. Keeping in mind that there might be a dose-response relation, in vivo and in vitro data strongly suggest that omega 3 fatty acids might act as anti- rather than pro-oxidant in several cells such as vascular cells, hence diminishing inflammation, oxidative stress, and, in turn, the risk of atherosclerosis and degenerative disorders such as cardiovascular disease. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
RETRACTED: A multi-country health-economic evaluation of highly concentrated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the secondary prevention after myocardial infarction (Retracted article. See vol. 39, pg. 221, 2014); Patients who survive an acute myocardial infarction (MI) are at increased risk of subsequent major cardiovascular events and cardiac (often sudden) death. The use of highly concentrated and purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), in addition to standard secondary prevention after MI, results in a significant reduction in the risk of sudden death. This study assessed the cost-effectiveness of adding n-3 PUFAs to the current secondary prevention treatment after acute MI in 5 countries: Australia, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Poland.
Effects of an energy-restricted diet rich in plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid on systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight-to-obese patients with metabolic syndrome traits; Plant-derived -linolenic acid (ALA) may reduce the risk of CVD, possibly by decreasing systemic inflammation and improving endothelial function. In the present study, the effects of a hypoenergetic diet rich in ALA (34g/d) on the biomarkers of systemic inflammation and vascular function were investigated in eighty-one overweight-to-obese patients with metabolic syndrome traits in comparison with a hypoenergetic diet low in ALA (09g/d, control). After a 6-month dietary intervention, there were significant decreases in the serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), TNF-, IL-6, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble endothelial selectin (sE-selectin) and asymmetric dimethylarginine in both dietary groups. However, no inter-group differences were observed for all these changes. The serum concentration of YKL-40 (human cartilage glycoprotein 39 or chitinase-3-like protein 1) decreased after the ALA diet when compared with the control diet (P<005 for timextreatment interaction). Plasma concentrations of fibrinogen did not significantly change in the two dietary groups. The decreases in the serum concentrations of sICAM-1, sE-selectin, CRP and YKL-40 were significantly correlated with the decreases in body fat mass. In conclusion, the present study indicates that in overweight-to-obese patients with metabolic syndrome traits, both vascular function and inflammation are improved during body-weight loss. The high ALA intake led to a more pronounced reduction in the serum concentration of YKL-40 compared with the intake of the low-ALA control diet, indicating the existence of independent favourable physiological effects of ALA during weight loss.
Marine ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid and Fish Intake after Colon Cancer Diagnosis and Survival: CALGB 89803 (Alliance); Background: Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), primarily found in dark fish, may prevent colorectal cancer progression, in part through inhibition of prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 (PTGS2). However, data in humans are limited.
Effect of Long Chain n-3 PUFA on Endothelial Activation, Endothelial Function and Atheromatous Plaque Stability; Several studies have provided support for the protective effects of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) against cardiovascular disease (CVD). N-3 PUFA may decrease the risk of CVD by improving plaque stability and endothelial activation and/or function. Compared with the considerable amount of literature describing the effects of n-3 PUFA on CVD, relatively little consistent information is available about the mechanism by which this occurs. The aim of this review is to overview the literature that provides insight into our current understanding of the mechanisms by which PUFA improve endothelial function and assist in plaque stabilization in atherosclerosis.
Lipoprotein subfractions and dietary intake of n-3 fatty acid: the Genetics of Coronary Artery Disease in Alaska Natives study; Background: Few studies have compared lipoprotein composition with dietary intake.
Effect of <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on risk reduction of sudden death; Two recent reports confirm the role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption in risk reduction for sudden death. The mechanism likely involves an antiarrhythmic effect, further supporting the role of dietary n-3 PUFA in maintenance of human health.
Myocardial NOS activity and connexin-43 expression in untreated and omega-3 fatty acids-treated spontaneously hypertensive and hereditary hypertriglyceridemic rats; The purpose of this study is to investigate myocardial nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity and connexin-43 (Cx43) expression in young and old spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR), adult hereditary hypertriglyceridemic (HTG) rats, and age-matched healthy rats without and with omega-3 PUFA supplementation for 2 months. Results showed that comparing to healthy rats the myocardial NOS activity was significantly increased in young SHR (8.2 +/- A 1.16 vs. 1.37 +/- A 0.67 pmol/min/mg) as well as old SHR (3.21 +/- A 0.75 vs. 2.22 +/- A 0.56 pmol/min/mg) and to much lesser extent in HTG rats, i.e., 1.87 +/- A 0.42 vs. 1.34 +/- A 0.1 pmol/min/mg. In parallel, there was a significant decline of total and phosphorylated forms of Cx43 in both groups of SHR while not in HTG rat hearts in which phosphorylated form of Cx43 was increased. Elevated NOS activity was suppressed (P < 0.05) in young and old SHR supplemented with omega-3 PUFA and it was associated with up-regulation of Cx43. In contrast to SHR, elevation of NOS activity in HTG rat hearts was not affected by treatment with omega-3 PUFA. However, increase of phosphorylated form of Cx43 was suppressed. In conclusion, there is an inverse relationship between myocardial NOS activity and Cx43 expression in SHR while not HTG rat hearts and omega-3 PUFA modulate both NOS activity and Cx43 expression. Whether over-expression of inducible NOS might account for down-regulation of myocardial Cx43 and whether its up-regulation is associated with an increase of endothelial NOS should be explored in further study.
Qualitative characteristics of fatty acid profile in fresh and boiled n-3 PUFA enriched eggs; Eggs are a foodstuff of animal origin that are widely consumed by human population. Quality of eggs depends on many factors, such as laying hens' feed composition. Modification of laying hens' diet by supplementing different fat sources affects the fatty acid profile in egg yolks. This paper presents the comparison of the fatty acid profile (FA) in fresh and boiled n-3 PUFA eggs. There is the question asked if the values referring to daily consumption of specific fatty acids in fresh eggs are credible. The portion of fatty acids in omega-3 fresh eggs is the following: SFA 30.76%, MUFA 41.97%, n-6 PUFA 22.24%, n-3 PUFA 4.96%, and the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio is 4.51. Comparison of FA profile in fresh and thermally processed n-3 PUFA eggs (boiled for 10 min. at 95 degrees C) shows that there are differences in the content of specific FAs, but they are not statistically significant (P>0.05), except for myristoleic fatty acid (P<0.05). There results justify the presentation of fatty acids profile in eggs on the basis of fresh eggs analysis results, as there are no differences in the fatty acid profile between fresh and cooked eggs, which was also shown by some other authors.
Identification of plasma interleukins as biomarkers for deflazacort and omega-3 based Duchenne muscular dystrophy therapy; Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is a progressive and fatal disease, characterized by the absence of dystrophin, muscle degeneration and cardiorespiratory failure. Creatine kinase is the classic marker to screen for DMD. However, other markers are needed to follow disease progression and to evaluate the response to therapy over longer periods. In the present study, we aim to identify interleukins in the plasma of the mdx mice model of DMD that could serve as biomarkers to monitor dystrophy progression, at distinct stages of the disease (1, 3 and 8 months of age). We used deflazacort and omega-3 therapies to validate the biomarkers studied. Plasma levels of TNF-alpha and TGF-beta were increased in mdx mice in relation to control, at all times studied. Differences in IFN-gamma and IL-10 contents, comparing mdx x CTRL, were detected only at the early stage (1 month). IL-6 decreased at 3 and 8 months and IL-13 increased at 8 months in the mdx compared to control. Deflazacort and omega-3 reduced the plasma levels of the pro-inflammatory (TNF-alpha, INF-gamma, IL-6) and pro-fibrotic (IL-13 and TGF-beta) interleukins and increased the plasma levels of IL-10. It is suggested that TNF-alpha and TGF-beta in plasma would be the best markers to follow disease progression. IL-6, INF-gamma and IL-10 would be suitable markers to the earlier stages of dystrophy and IL-13 a suitable marker to the later stages of dystrophy.
Blood Omega-3 Fatty Acids Are Inversely Associated With Albumin-Creatinine Ratio in Young and Healthy Adults (The Omega-Kid Study); Background: Omega-3 fatty acids are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and with beneficial effects on CV risk factors. The albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) is a risk factor for CVD, all-cause mortality and accelerated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline in the general population. We aimed to investigate the association between n-3 PUFAS and ACR in heathy individuals with preserved GFR.
Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation on inflammatory biomakers: a systematic review of randomised clinical trials; Inflammation is part of the normal host response to infection and injury. Eicosanoids, cytokines, chemokines, adhesion molecules and other inflammatory molecules are frequently produced during this process. Numerous studies in humans have documented the inflammation-limiting properties of omega-3 fatty acids, but only a few have been randomised clinical trials. The aim of this study was to perform a systematic search of randomised clinical trials on omega-3 fatty acids and inflammatory biomarkers in all subjects including healthy and ill persons up to February 2011 using PubMed and LILACS databases, defined by a specific equation using MeSH terms and limited to randomised clinical trials; there was no any a priori decision to include some diseases and not others. The quality of each publication was validated by using the JADAD scale and the CONSORT checklist. Inflammatory biomarkers were considered as primary outcomes. Twenty-six publications of the last 10 years were selected. Studies included healthy subjects and patients with cardiovascular disease and other chronic and acute diseases; all reported the number of subjects, type of study, type and doses of omega-3 fatty acids, main outcomes and major inflammatory biomarkers. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids are associated with plasma biomarker levels, reflecting lower levels of inflammation and endothelial activation in cardiovascular disease and other chronic and acute diseases, including chronic renal disease, sepsis and acute pancreatitis. However, further research is required before definitive recommendations can be made about the routine use of omega-3 fatty acids in critically ill patients or with neurodegenerative or chronic renal disease.
Heterotrophic <i>Aurantiochytrium</i> sp. supplementation to layer diets sustainably increases the omega-3 concentration of eggs; 1. The consumption of adequate amounts of the long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA) has been associated with beneficial effects on human health. Eggs are commonly consumed worldwide, and their omega-3 content can be easily altered by changing the diets of laying hens and so represent an important target for enrichment. 2. In this study, the effect of supplementing laying hens with DHA-rich, Aurantiochytrium limacinum at three different inclusion levels was investigated over a 24-week period. 3. Significant increases in egg DHA concentrations were observed after four weeks and were maintained for the duration of the 24-week study. The supplemented eggs in the current study had a DHA content of 82, 101, and 129 mg/yolk when supplemented with 0.25%, 0.5% and 1% treatments, respectively, which meets the EU criteria to be considered 'high in omega-3MODIFIER LETTER PRIME. 4. Using the sustainably grown protist Aurantiochytrium limacinum to supplement layer diets increased the egg DHA concentration and decreased the n-6/n-3 ratio, improving the nutritional value of the eggs for human consumers.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids from fish on premature ventricular complexes and heart rate in humans; Background: A large body of evidence suggests that n-3 fatty acids from fish prevent fatal heart disease. They may be an effective and safe alternative to drug treatment for reducing the risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids: Endocannabinoids, genetics and obesity☆; The tissue composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is important to health and depends on both dietary intake and metabolism controlled by genetic polymorphisms that should be taken into consideration in the determination of nutritional requirements, obesity and chronic disease risk. Experimental and clinical intervention studies suggest that omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids have opposing physiological and metabolic properties and elicit divergent effects on body fat gain through mechanisms of adipogenesis, browning of adipose tissue, lipid homeostasis, systemic inflammation and an increase in the tone of the endocannabinoid system. Overweight and obese individuals have higher levels of the arachidonic acid (AA) derived endocannabinoid N-arachidonoylethanolamine (AEA) and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) and an altered pattern of receptor expression. Since endocannabinoids are products of dietary fats, modification of the omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acid intake modulates the endocannabinoids, with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) displacing AA from cell membranes, reducing AEA and 2-AG production, resulting in decrease in appetite and food intake leading to weight loss. Polygenic risk scores reveal susceptibility and an increase risk for obesity. Therefore, persons at risk for obesity will have to lower omega-6 and increase their omega-3 fatty acid intake in order to have a balanced ratio for health. A process needs to be established to define when genomic discoveries such as gene-nutrient-disease associations are "ready" to be evaluated as potential tools for personalized nutrition to improve public health.
Hemostatic effects of bezafibrate and ω-3 fatty acids in isolated hypertriglyceridemic patients; This study aimed to compare the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and fibrate treatment on plasma levels and activities of hemostatic risk factors on glucose and lipid metabolism in subjects with isolated hypertriglyceridemia. Seventy-three subjects with elevated triglyceride levels were allocated into one of the following treatment options: bezafibrate (200 mg twice daily), omega-3 fatty acids (1 g twice daily) or placebo. Plasma lipids, glucose homeostasis markers (fasting and 2-h post-glucose load plasma glucose levels and HOMA), as well as plasma levels/activities of fibrinogen, factor VII and PAI-1 were determined at baseline, on the day of randomization, and after 4 and 12 weeks of the treatment. Not only did bezafibrate improve plasma lipids, but it also increased glucose sensitivity and tended to reduce post-glucose loads of plasma glucose. Except for the reduction in plasma triglycerides, omega-3 fatty acids produced no effect on the lipid profile and insulin sensitivity. Both treatment options reduced, to similar extents, plasma levels of fibrinogen and PAT-1 and factor VII coagulant activity. Our study indicates that, although fibrates exhibit more-pronounced metabolic effects than do omega-3 fatty acids, both these treatment options are equipotent in producing a complex beneficial effect on hemostasis in isolated hypertriglyceridemic subjects.
The effects of ω-3 fish oil emulsion-based parenteral nutrition plus combination treatment for acute paraquat poisoning; Objective To investigate the effects of parenteral nutrition (PN) including omega-3 fish-oil emulsion on nutritional state, inflammatory response, and prognosis in patients with acute paraquat poisoning. Methods Patients randomized to receive medium chain triglycerides (MCT)/long chain triglycerides (LCT)-based PN (control group) or MCT/LCT-based PN containing omega-3 fish-oil emulsion (intervention group) were compared for 90-day survival and short-term treatment efficacy. Results Tumour necrosis factor-alpha levels were significantly lower in the intervention group (n = 101) versus controls (n = 73) on treatment days 4 and 7. Intervention group C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were significantly increased on day 4, decreased to baseline (day 1) levels on day 7, and were significantly lower than baseline on day 10. Control group CRP levels were significantly increased on days 4 and 7 versus baseline, and returned to baseline levels on day 10. On day 7, retinol binding protein had recovered to baseline levels in the intervention group only. Intervention group mortality rate (36.6%) was significantly lower than controls (57.5%). omega-3 fish-oil PN was associated with reduced risk of death (hazard ratio 0.52; 95% confidence interval 0.33, 0.82). Conclusion In patients with acute paraquat poisoning, MCT/LCT with omega-3 fish-oil emulsion PN plus combination treatment advantageously attenuated the inflammatory response, modified the nutritional state, and was associated with significantly improved 90-day survival versus treatment without omega-3 fish oil.
Practical applications of fish oil (Ω-3 fatty acids) in primary care; Background: Fish oil (Omega-3 fatty acids) has been studied for more than 30 years. However, recent concerns of mercury and environmental toxins have clouded fish oil's potential clinical benefits. This article aims to review practical, evidence-based applications of fish oil for the primary care physician.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Blood Pressure; BACKGROUND
The n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid increase systemic arterial compliance in humans; Background: n-3 Fatty acids influence vascular function, but the effect of individual fatty acids on systemic arterial compliance (SAC) has not been reported. SAC, which reflects arterial elasticity, is emerging as a new cardiovascular risk factor and appears to predict future cardiovascular events.
Association between blood N-3 fatty acid levels and the risk of coronavirus disease 2019 in the UK Biobank; Background: The role of nutritional status and the risk of contracting and/or experiencing adverse outcomes from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection are unclear. Preliminary studies suggest that higher n-3 PUFA intakes are protective.Objectives: This study aimed to compare the risk of 3 coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outcomes (testing positive for SARS-CoV-2, hospitali-zation, and death) as a function of the baseline plasma DHA levels.Methods: The DHA levels (% of total fatty acids [FAs]) were measured by nuclear magnetic resonance. The 3 outcomes and relevant covariates were available for 110,584 subjects (hospitalization and death) and for 26,595 ever-tested subjects (positive for SARS-CoV-2) in the UK Biobank prospective cohort study. Outcome data between 1 January, 2020, and 23 March, 2021, were included. The Omega-3 Index (O3I) (RBC EPA + DHA%) values across DHA% quintiles were estimated. The multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were constructed, and linear (per 1 SD) relations with the risk of each outcome were computed as HRs.Results: In the fully adjusted models, comparing the fifth to the first DHA% quintiles, the HRs (95% confidence intervals) for testing positive, being hospitalized, and dying with COVID-19 were 0.79 (0.71, 0.89, P < 0.001), 0.74 (0.58, 0.94, P < 0.05), and 1.04 (0.69-1.57, not significant), respectively. On a per 1-SD increase in DHA% basis, the HRs for testing positive, hospitalization, and death, were 0.92 (0.89, 0.96, P < 0.001), 0.89 (0.83, 0.97, P < 0.01), and 0.95 (0.83, 1.09), respectively. The estimated O3I values across DHA quintiles ranged from 3.5% (quintile 1) to 8% (quintile 5).Conclusions: These findings suggest that nutritional strategies to increase the circulating n-3 PUFA levels, such as increased consumption of oily fish and/or use of n-3 FA supplements, may reduce the risk of adverse COVID-19 outcomes.
Predictors of 1-year mortality in patients with contemporary guideline-adherent therapy after acute myocardial infarction: results from the OMEGA study; Predictors of long-term mortality after discharge after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) are well characterized. However, these established risk factors are based on data almost exclusively derived from older studies without consistent use of revascularization therapy and adjunctive therapy with statins, platelet inhibitors, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors/ARBs. We therefore sought to investigate predictors of 1-year mortality in survivors of AMI treated with contemporary guideline-adherent therapy.
Association between polyunsaturated fatty acids and inflammatory markers in patients in secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the association between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and inflammatory biomarkers among patients in secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Triglyceride-lowering effect of omega-3 LC-polyunsaturated fatty acids - A review; There is increasing evidence that serum triglycerides are a significant and independent risk factor for CVD. The aim of this report is to review recent literature pertinent to the triglyceride-lowering effect of omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA). Animal data are not considered because they are difficult to extrapolate to the human situation. A large body of evidence derived from epidemiological studies and clinical trials has consistently demonstrated that this effect is dose-dependent and can be achieved by diet. The smallest amount of omega-3 LC-PUFA needed to significantly lower serum triglycerides appears to be approximately 1g/day as provided by a fish diet. Use of fish oil administering as little as 0.21 g EPA and 0.12 g DHA per day significantly lowered serum triglycerides in hyperlipidemics. In normolipidemics, a daily intake of 0.17 g EPA and 0.11 g DNA, given as a fish oil supplement, induced a non-significant reduction of 22%. These findings must be considered as preliminary and warrant further research. Intake of omega-3 LC-PUFA is frequently reported to modestly increase LDL cholesterol. However, in normo- or slightly hyperlipidemic individuals who received omega-3 LC-PUFA for 4 months or longer, changes of LDL cholesterol were not significantly different from a placebo group. Both EPA and DHA lower serum triglycerides, but they may have a differential effect on lipoproteins. Intake of omega-3 LC-PUFA in the amount mentioned above is safe. (C) 2000, Medikal Press.
High potency fish oil supplement improves omega-3 fatty acid status in healthy adults: an open-label study using a web-based, virtual platform; Background: The health benefits of omega-3 fatty acids from fish are well known, and fish oil supplements are used widely in a preventive manner to compensate the low intake in the general population. The aim of this open-label study was to determine if consumption of a high potency fish oil supplement could improve blood levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and impact SF-12 mental and physical health scores in healthy adults.
Reduction of hepatocellular injury after common bile duct ligation using omega-3 fatty acids; Purpose: Bile duct obstruction and Subsequent cholestasis produces hepatocellular injury and an inflammatory, response. Fatty acid constitution of cell membranes plays a major role in the inflammatory cascade. Omega-3 fatty acids are antiinflammatory. We proposed that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation would reduce hepatocellular damage and cell death in a model of murine common bile duct ligation.
Are we consuming enough long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for optimal health?; The health benefits attributed to the consumption of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) are enormous but are we consuming enough for optimal health? Cardiovascular disease rates are much lower in countries like Japan compared with the Western world. Western countries LC n-3 PUFA intakes are up to 5 fold lower than Japanese intakes. Various professional bodies and government organisations recommend 500 mg LC n-3 PUFA per day. The actual reported intake of LC n-3 PUFA from Australia and various other countries are compared to these recommended intakes. Not surprisingly, the actual intakes of LC n-3 PUFA in Western countries fall short of the recommended intakes. Consumption of fish and seafood is the easiest way to achieve the recommended intakes but increased consumption of foods enriched with LC n-3 PUFA will also contribute to achieving the recommended intakes. Most people are not consuming enough LC n-3 PUFA for optimal health. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce insulin resistance and triglycerides in obese children and adolescents; Background: Approximately 50% of obese children are insulin resistant. It has been suggested that pharmacological and nutritional options should be considered to improve the management of insulin resistance (IR).
Mediterranean diet and n-3 fatty acids in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease; Consumption of a traditional Mediterranean diet and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was shown to be effective in reducing the complications of coronary heart disease in randomised controlled trials. Epidemiological studies and controlled trials indicate that plant- and sea-derived n-3 PUFAs are likely to be important mediators of the protection provided by traditional Mediterranean diets. Of note, consumption of marine n-3 PUFAs from fish and other seafood is high in certain Mediterranean countries (Spain, Portugal), but quite low in others (Italy, Greece). A relative insufficiency of dietary marine n-3 PUFAs among Italians might in part explain the results of the GISSI-Prevenzione trial, in which a modest supplementation of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid (similar to 850 mg/ day) produced striking reductions in coronary heart disease death (-30%) and sudden cardiac death (-45%) among patients with known heart disease. The protection provided by n-3 PUFAs from both plant and marine sources may be partly dependent on other dietary factors. Plant and marine n-3 PUFAs are likely to be major mediators of the protective effect provided by traditional Mediterranean diets.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of highly concentrated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in secondary prevention after myocardial infarction; Background: Acute myocardial infarction (MI) is a leading cause of cardiovascular (CV) mortality and hospitalization. Survivors of acute MI have higher risk of subsequent CV events and death, compared to individuals without MI. Evidences have demonstrated the CV benefits of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in patients who experienced MI.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors are Inversely Associated With Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Plasma Levels in Pediatric Kidney Transplant Recipients; Objectives: High plasma levels of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid, and docosapentae-noic acid associates with positive outcomes in adult renal transplant recipients. However, data from pediatric populations are scarce. The aim of the study was to assess the fatty acid profile in a pediatric renal transplantation cohort and to examine the associations between plasma omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors.
Omega-3 Supplementation in the Prevention of Contrast Induced Nephropathy in Patients Undergoing Elective Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Purpose: Contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) is the third cause of hospital-acquired renal failure and is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Several studies have revealed the protective role of omega-3 in prevention and treatment of some kidney injuries. This study was conducted to examine the effect of omega-3 supplementation on the markers of renal function and to evaluate its potential in the prevention of CIN in patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
Omega-3 fatty acids: Mechanisms of benefit and therapeutic effects in pediatric and adult NAFLD; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is currently considered the most common liver disease in industrialized countries, and it is estimated that it will become the most frequent indication for liver transplantation in the next decade. NAFLD may be associated with moderate (i.e. steatosis) to severe (i.e. steatohepatitis and fibrosis) liver damage and affects all age groups. Furthermore, subjects with NAFLD may be at a greater risk of other obesity-related complications later in life, and people with obesity and obesity-related complications (e.g. metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease) are at increased risk of developing NAFLD. To date, there is no licensed treatment for NAFLD and therapy has been mainly centered on weight loss and increased physical activity. Unfortunately, it is often difficult for patients to adhere to the advised lifestyle changes. Therefore, based on the known pathogenesis of NAFLD, several clinical trials with different nutritional supplementation and prescribed drugs have been undertaken or are currently underway. Experimental evidence has emerged about the health benefits of omega-3 fatty acids, a group of polyunsaturated fatty acids that are important for a number of health-related functions. Omega-3 fatty acids are present in some foods (oils, nuts and seeds) that also contain omega-6 fatty acids, and the best sources of exclusively omega-3 fatty acids are oily fish, krill oil and algae. In this review, we provide a brief overview of the pathogenesis of NAFLD, and we also discuss the molecular and clinical evidence for the benefits of different omega-3 fatty acid preparations in NAFLD.
Circulating long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and incidence of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Circulating long-chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) can provide objective measures that reflect both dietary consumption and relevant biological processes. Nevertheless, prospective cohort studies on circulating LC n-3 PUFA in relation to incidence of stroke have yielded inconsistent results. We therefore conducted a meta-analysis to quantitatively evaluate the association.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Hepatic Lipid Metabolism, and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids belong to a family of polyunsaturated fatty acids that are known to have important beneficial effects on metabolism and inflammation. Such effects may confer a benefit in specific chronic noncommunicable diseases that are becoming very prevalent in Westernized societies [e. g., nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)]. Typically, with a Westernized diet, long-chain omega-6 fatty acid consumption is markedly greater than omega-3 fatty acid consumption. The potential consequences of an alteration in the ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid consumption are increased production of proinflammatory arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoids and impaired regulation of hepatic and adipose function, predisposing to NAFLD. NAFLD represents a spectrum of liver fat-related conditions that originates with ectopic fat accumulation in liver (hepatic steatosis) and progresses, with the development of hepatic inflammation and fibrosis, to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). If the adipose tissue is inflamed with widespread macrophage infiltration, the production of adipokines may act to exacerbate liver inflammation and NASH. Omega-3 fatty acid treatment may have beneficial effects in regulating hepatic lipid metabolism, adipose tissue function, and inflammation. Recent studies testing the effects of omega-3 fatty acids in NAFLD are showing promise and suggesting that these fatty acids may be useful in the treatment of NAFLD. To date, further research is needed in NAFLD to (a) establish the dose of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids as a treatment, (b) determine the duration of therapy, and (c) test whether there is benefit on the different component features of NAFLD (hepatic fat, inflammation, and fibrosis).
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids and their effect on cardiac mortality; Cardiac mortality is mainly caused by fatal cardiac arrhythmias and acute or chronic pump failure. Epidemiological studies and four intervention trials with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) clearly show that n-3 PUFA consistently reduce cardiac mortality but not cardiac morbidity, specifically myocardial infarction, indicating that n-3 PUFA may be protective through anti-arrhythmic effects. In support of this notion, in vitro studies in neonatal tat cardiac myocytes as well as animal studies reveal that n-3 PUFA protect from potentially fatal cardiac arrhythmias by reducing cardiac myocyte excitability. Preliminary trials in man further indicate that n-3 PUFA may have anti-arrhythmic effects in humans, although the definite proof for their protection from fatal arrhythmias in high risk patients is still missing. Increased consumption of n-3 PUFA is now recommended by the American Heart Association. Given that further evidence of the anti-arrhythmic effects of n-3 PUFA will accumulate, a way to quickly and safely administer n-3 PUFA to high risk patients such as those suffering from acute myocardial infarction warrants further investigation. (C) 2002, Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Omega-3 Fish Oil on Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes; Purpose
The effect of camelina oil (α-linolenic acid) and canola oil (oleic acid) on lipid profile, blood pressure, and anthropometric parameters in postmenopausal women; Introduction: Cold-pressed camelina oil (Camelina sativa) is rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids and may have a beneficial effect on the reduction of cardiovascular risk.
Dose-Dependent Consumption of Farmed Atlantic Salmon (<i>Salmo</i> <i>salar</i>) Increases Plasma Phospholipid n-3 Fatty Acids Differentially; Enhanced n-3 fatty acid intake benefits cardiovascular disease (VD) risk reduction. Increasing consumption at a population level may be better addressed by diet than through supplementation. However, limited data are available on the effect of the dose response to fish intake on plasma levels of n-3 fatty acids. To compare the effects of different doses of farmed Atlantic salmon on plasma phospholipid fatty acid proportions and CVD risk biomarkers (eg, glucose, insulin, homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and interleukin-6) in healthy subjects we performed a randomized three-period crossover-designed trial (4-week treatment, 4- to 8-week washout) to compare the effects of twice per week consumption of farmed Atlantic salmon at doses of 90, 180, and 270 g in 19 apparently healthy men and women (mean age 40 to 65 years) and a body mass index between 25 and 34.9. All study visits were conducted at the US Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service Grand Forks Human Nutrition Research Center. Eicosapentaenoic acid and total n-3 concentrations were increased (P<0.05) by all treatments in a dose-response manner, with total n-3 of 8.03%+/- 0.26% and 9.21%+/- 0.26% for 180- and 270-g doses, respectively. Linoleic acid did not change in response to treatment, whereas arachidonic acid (P<0.05) and total n-6 fatty acids decreased dose dependently (<0.0001). The addition of farmed Atlantic salmon to the diet twice per week for 4 weeks at portions of 180 g and 270 g modifies phospholipid fatty acid proportions of n-3 and n-6 in a level associated with decreased risk for CVD. J Acad Nutr Diet. 2013;113:282-287.
Cost-effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acid supplements in parenteral nutrition therapy in hospitals: A discrete event simulation model; Background & aims: A recent meta-analysis showed that supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in parenteral nutrition (PN) regimens is associated with a statistically and clinically significant reduction in infection rate, and length of hospital stay (LOS) in medical and surgical patients admitted to the ICU and in surgical patients not admitted to the ICU. The objective of this present study was to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of the addition of omega-3 fatty acids to standard PN regimens in four European countries (Italy, France, Germany and the UK) from the healthcare provider perspective.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids EPA and DHA: Health Benefits Throughout Life; Omega-3 [(n-3)] fatty acids have been linked to healthy aging throughout life. Recently, fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA have been associated with fetal development, cardiovascular function, and Alzheimer's disease. However, because our bodies do not efficiently produce some omega-3 fatty acids from marine sources, it is necessary to obtain adequate amounts through fish and fish-oil products. Studies have shown that EPA and DHA are important for proper fetal development, including neuronal, retinal, and immune function. EPA and DHA may affect many aspects of cardiovascular function including inflammation, peripheral artery disease, major coronary events, and anticoagulation. EPA and DHA have been linked to promising results in prevention, weight management, and cognitive function in those with very mild Alzheimer's disease. Adv. Nutr. 3: 1-7, 2012.
Omega-3 fatty acids: Time for clinical implementation?; Mounting evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids protect against fatal coronary heart disease. The augmentation of omega-3 blood levels either by consumption of oily fish or by supplementation with fish oil capsules results in unique and substantial clinical benefits that an independent of traditional risk factors.
Do vegetarians have to eat fish for optimal cardiovascular protection?; Interest in the cardiovascular protective effects of n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids has continued to evolve during the past 35 y since the original research describing the low cardiovascular event rate in Greenland Inuit was published by Dyerberg et al. Numerous in vitro experiments have shown that n-3 fatty acids may confer this benefit by several mechanisms: they are antiinflammatory, antithrombotic, and antiarrhythmic. The n-3 fatty acids that have received the most attention are those that are derived from a fish source: namely, the longer-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20: 5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3). More limited data are available on the cardiovascular effects of n-3 fatty acids derived from plants such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; 18: 3n-3). Observational data suggest that diets rich in EPA, DHA, or ALA do reduce cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death; however, randomized controlled trial data are somewhat less clear. Several recent meta-analyses have suggested that dietary supplementation with EPA and DHA does not provide additive cardiovascular protection beyond standard care, but the heterogeneity of included studies may reduce the validity of their conclusions. No data exist on the potential therapeutic benefit of EPA, DHA, or ALA supplementation on those individuals who already consume a vegetarian diet. Overall, there is insufficient evidence to recommend n-3 fatty acid supplementation for the purposes of cardiovascular protection; however, ongoing studies such as the Alpha Omega Trial may provide further information. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1597S-601S.
Flaxseed Oil Alleviates Trimethyltin-Induced Cell Injury and Inhibits the Pro-Inflammatory Activation of Astrocytes in the Hippocampus of Female Rats; Exposure to the neurotoxin trimethyltin (TMT) selectively induces hippocampal neuronal injury and astrocyte activation accompanied with resultant neuroinflammation, which causes severe behavioral, cognitive, and memory impairment. A large body of evidence suggests that flaxseed oil (FSO), as one of the richest sources of essential omega-3 fatty acids, i.e., alpha-linolenic acids (ALA), displays neuroprotective properties. Here, we report the preventive effects of dietary FSO treatment in a rat model of TMT intoxication. The administration of FSO (1 mL/kg, orally) before and over the course of TMT intoxication (a single dose, 8 mg/kg, i.p.) reduced hippocampal cell death, prevented the activation of astrocytes, and inhibited their polarization toward a pro-inflammatory/neurotoxic phenotype. The underlying protective mechanism was delineated through the selective upregulation of BDNF and PI3K/Akt and the suppression of ERK activation in the hippocampus. Pretreatment with FSO reduced cell death and efficiently suppressed the expression of inflammatory molecules. These beneficial effects were accompanied by an increased intrahippocampal content of n-3 fatty acids. In vitro, ALA pretreatment prevented the TMT-induced polarization of cultured astrocytes towards the pro-inflammatory spectrum. Together, these findings support the beneficial neuroprotective properties of FSO/ALA against TMT-induced neurodegeneration and accompanied inflammation and hint at a promising preventive use of FSO in hippocampal degeneration and dysfunction.
Paucity of evidence for a relationship between long-chain omega-3 fatty acid intake and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a systematic review; Context: The anti-inflammatory activity of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been established in several chronic inflammatory diseases but has yet to be demonstrated in inflammatory lung diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Objective: The aim of this systematic review was to investigate, using PRISMA guidelines, the relationship between the intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs and the prevalence, severity, and health outcomes of COPD. Data Sources: Eight health databases and the World Health Organization's international clinical trial registry were searched for relevant studies. Study Selection: Experimental or observational studies that were published in English and that assessed long-chain n-3 PUFA intake (by determining habitual consumption and/or tissue levels) in adults with COPD were included. Data Extraction: Publication demographics, participant characteristics, type of intervention or exposure, long-chain n-3 PUFA intake, pulmonary function, COPD mortality, and COPD severity were independently extracted from each article by 2 authors using a prospectively designed data extraction tool. Data Synthesis: All 11 of the studies included in the review were observational. Approximately equal numbers of studies reported significant (n = 6, 5 inverse) relationships or no significant relationships (n = 5) between either consumption of long-chain n-3 PUFAs or levels of long-chain n-3 PUFAS in tissue and a COPD outcome. Conclusions: Current evidence of a relationship between long-chain n-3 PUFA intake and COPD is limited and conflicting, with studies having wide methodological variation.
Amelioration of Endotoxemia by a Synthetic Analog of Omega-3 Epoxyeicosanoids; Sepsis, a systemic inflammatory response to pathogenic factors, is a difficult to treat life-threatening condition associated with cytokine and eicosanoid storms and multi-organ damage. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid, are the precursors of potent anti-inflammatory lipid mediators, including 17,18-epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid (17,18-EEQ), the main metabolite of EPA generated by cytochrome P450 epoxygenases. Searching for novel therapeutic or preventative agents in sepsis, we tested a metabolically robust synthetic analog of 17,18-EEQ (EEQ-A) for its ability to reduce mortality, organ damage, and pro-inflammatory cytokine transcript level in a mouse model of lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced endotoxemia, which is closely related to sepsis. Overall survival significantly improved following preventative EEQ-A administration along with decreased transcript level of pro-inflammatory cytokines. On the other hand, the therapeutic protocol was effective in improving survival at 48 hours but insignificant at 72 hours. Histopathological analyses showed significant reductions in hemorrhagic and necrotic damage and infiltration in the liver. In vitro studies with THP-1 and U937 cells showed EEQ-A mediated repression of LPS-induced M1 polarization and enhancement of IL-4-induced M2 polarization of macrophages. Moreover, EEQ-A attenuated the LPS-induced decline of mitochondrial function in THP-1 cells, as indicated by increased basal respiration and ATP production as well as reduction of the metabolic shift to glycolysis. Taken together, these data demonstrate that EEQ-A has potent anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties that may support therapeutic strategies for ameliorating the endotoxemia.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: epidemiology and effects on cardiometabolic risk factors; Clinical and epidemiological studies provide support that the polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from fish and fish oils are cardioprotective, particularly in the setting of secondary prevention. Omega-3 fatty acids benefit multiple cardiometabolic risk factors including lipids, blood pressure, vascular reactivity and cardiac function, as well as having antithrombotic, anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative actions. Omega-3 fatty acids do not associate with any adverse effects and do not adversely interact with prescriptive drugs such as lipid-lowering, antihypertensive or hypoglycaemic medications. Clinical studies suggest that doses up to 4 g daily when prescribed with anticoagulant or antiplatelet drugs do not associate with increased risk of major bleeding episodes. Omega-3 fatty acids have gained widespread usage by general practitioners and clinicians in clinical settings such as pregnancy and infant development, secondary prevention in coronary heart disease patients and treatment of dyslipidaemias. Health authorities currently recommend an intake of at least two oily fish meals per week for the general population which equates to approximately 500 mg per day of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. In patients with coronary heart disease the guidelines recommend 1 g daily supplements and in hypertriglyceridaemic patients up to 4 g per day. These doses are now achievable with readily available purified encapsulated preparations of omega-3 fatty acids. However, a more practical recommendation for increasing omega-3 fatty acid intake in the general population is to incorporate fish as part of a healthy diet that includes increased consumption of fruits and vegetables, and moderation of salt intake.
Plasma fatty acid profiles: Relationships with sex, age, and state-reported heart disease mortality rates in the United States; BACKGROUND: Fatty acids (FA) play an important role in health and heart disease risk.
Effect of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids from fish on electrocardiographic characteristics in patients with frequent premature ventricular complexes; n-3 Fatty acids may protect against heart disease mortality by preventing fatal arrhythmias. Underlying effects on cardiac electrophysiology may be demonstrable in the standard electrocardiogram (ECG) and provide insight into the mechanism. Therefore, we investigated the effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids on heart-rate-corrected QT interval, T-loop width, spatial QRS-T angle and spatial U-wave amplitude in patients with frequent premature ventricular complexes. Seventy-four patients received either capsules providing 1 center dot 5 g n-3 fatty acids daily or placebo for approximately 14 weeks. ECG were recorded before and after intervention. None of the ECG characteristics was significantly affected by treatment. The present results do not provide additional support for the hypothesis that n-3 fatty acids prevent cardiac arrhythmia through generic electrophysiologic effects on heart cell membranes. However, we cannot exclude effects of n-3 fatty acids on clinical relevant endpoints that are not easily detected by prior changes in the ECG.
Efficacy of different doses of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular outcomes: rationale and design of a network meta-analysis; INTRODUCTION: The impact of omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) supplementation on cardiovascular risk is still in debate, largely due to the heterogeneity of population enrolled and variable dose and composition of the formulations used in the previous studies. Yet, O3FA may favorably impact on cardiovascular risk by reducing major cardiovascular events (including cardiac death and ischemic events).
Role of n-3 Fatty Acids on Bile Acid Metabolism and Transport in Dyslipidemia: A Review; Dietary n-3 fatty acids, especially of marine origin, eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3), have always been lauded for their profound effects on regulating the risk factors for major metabolic disorders. Yet, their consumption rate is poor compared to n-6 fatty acids [linoleic acid (18:2n-6)], which are predominantly consumed. Hence, the skewed n-6 to n-3 fatty acid ratio may have a bearing on the risk factors of various diseases, including dyslipidemia. Dyslipidemia and other lifestyle diseases associated with it, such as diabetes, obesity, hypertension, are a growing concern in both developed and developing countries. A common strategy for addressing dyslipidemia involves bile acid (BA) sequestration, to interrupt the enterohepatic circulation of BA, resulting in the modulation of lipid absorption in the intestine, thereby normalizing the levels of circulating lipids. The BA homeostasis is under the tight control of hepatic and enteric BA transporters. Many investigations have reported the effects of dietary constituents, including certain fatty acids on the reabsorption and transport of BA. However, a critical review of the effects of n-3 fatty acids on BA metabolism and transport is not available. The present review attempts to explore certain unmapped facets of the n-3 fatty acids on BA metabolism and transport in dyslipidemia, and their interplay with biological processes involving lipid rafts and gut microbiome.
Omega-3 fatty acids and the benefits of fish consumption: Is all that glitters gold?; In recent years, a number of studies have clearly remarked the nutritional benefits of fish consumption: proteins, vitamins, minerals, and especially omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which may protect against several adverse health effects, including coronary heart disease mortality and stroke. However, some concerns about potential health risks derived from the environmental contaminants found in fish have been also raised. Therefore, balancing adequately the risks and benefits of fish consumption is currently a nutritional/environmental health key issue. In this paper, the most recent available scientific information concerning this issue is reviewed. It is concluded that although it seems evident that fish must be an important part of a balanced diet, to choose the most suitable species in terms of levels of PUFAs and pollutants, the frequency of consumption, and the meal size are essential aspects to balance benefits and risks of a regular consumption. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Markers of Inflammation in Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease: A Controversial Issue; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a global problem which contributes to a significant morbidity and mortality in China. Concomitant inflammatory state further boosts the mortality due to cardiovascular events in patients with CKD undergoing dialysis. There is a general notion that Omega-3 fatty acids including docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) have certain health benefits perhaps via the regulation of inflammation. However, the anti-inflammatory effect of omega-3 fatty acids in patients with CKD is controversial. We analyzed the data of oral supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in CKD patients by searching literature on database from inception to August 2016. The analysis included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) derived from multiple databases, and the effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation versus the control cohorts were compared. All of the data analysis was calculated by RevMan 5.2. A total of 12 RCTs involving 487 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Among them 254 patients received omega-3 fatty acids and 233 patients served as controls who received placebo. The meta-analysis revealed no statistical significance in serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (SMD, -0.20; 95% CI, -0.44 to 0.05; P=0.11), IL-6 (SMD, 0.00; 95% CI, -0.33 to 0.33; P=0.99) and TNF- (SMD, 0.14; 95% CI, -0.17 to 0.44; P=0.38) between the omega-3 fatty acids supplementation group and control. This suggested that there is insufficient evidence to conclude the benefit of omega-3 fatty acids oral supplementation in reducing serum levels of CRP, IL-6 and TNF- in patients with CKD.
Intake of total omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and risk of coronary heart disease in the Spanish EPIC cohort study; Background and aims: The evidence about the benefits of omega-3 fatty acid intake on coronary heart disease (CHD) is not consistent. We thus aimed to assess the relation between dietary intake of total omega-3 fatty acids (from plant and marine foods) and marine polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on the risk of CHD in the Spanish cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
The Role of ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplemented Parenteral Nutrition in Critical Illness in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective: To determine whether the supplementation of parenteral nutrition with omega-3 fatty acids confers treatment benefits to critically ill adult patients.
Climate-based variability in the essential fatty acid composition of soybean oil; Background:<bold> </bold>Soybean oil is a major dietary source of the essential fatty acids linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA); however, high-daytime temperatures during seed development reduce desaturase activity in soybeans. The resultant reduction in LA and ALA levels is a phenomenon well-known to soybean breeders, although the impact of this interaction between plants and environment on human nutrition is poorly understood. Objectives:<bold> </bold>Using data from the literature, we developed a model for soybean essential fatty acid composition. Combining this model with contemporary agricultural and meteorological data sets, we determined whether insufficiency of essential fatty acids could result from geographic, intrayear, or interyear variability. Methods:<bold> </bold>We modeled this change using 233 data points from 16 studies that provided fatty acid composition data from plants grown under daytime high temperatures ranging from 15 degrees C to 40 degrees C. Results:<bold> </bold>As temperature increased, LA and ALA concentrations decreased from 55% to 30% and 13% to 3.5%, respectively. Application of the model to daytime high temperatures from 2 growth periods over 6 y showed significant regional, interyear, and intrayear variation in essential fatty acid content (P < 0.05). Using county yield data, we developed oil fatty acid models for the 3 top-producing regions of the United States. From this work, it was determined that soybean oil manufactured from soybeans in the southern United States may contain insufficient ALA to meet human nutritional needs because of high-daytime temperatures. Conclusions:<bold> </bold>This work suggests that climate-based variation may result in many human populations not achieving an adequate daily intake of ALA.
THE EFFECT OF N-3 FATTY ACIDS ON PLASMA MYELOPEROXIDASE LEVELS IN HEALTHY ADULTS; Objective: To examine the effect of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation in a low to moderate and a high dose on plasma levels of myeloperoxidase (MPO) in healthy individuals. Background: Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease and MPO, which is secreted primarily from activated neutrophils and monocytes, has proinflammatory properties and has been linked with both initiation and propagation of atherosclerosis. Marine n-3 PUFA have anti-inflammatory properties, but whether n-3 PUFA affect plasma levels of MPO is largely unknown. Methods: Sixthy healthy adults were randomized to three groups receiving either 6.6 g PUFA/day, 2.0 g PUFA/day or a control oil (olive oil) for 12 weeks. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after exposure. Plasma levels of MPO were measured using a MPO ELISA-kit (from Mercodia, Uppsala, Sweden) with specific mouse monoclonal antibodies. Results: Plasma MPO concentrations (mu g/L) at baseline were 36.9 +/- 9.4; 36.2 +/- 7.1 and 35.4 +/- 11.3 (for high dose-, low dose-and control-group, respectively). After 12 weeks of supplementation we found no significant changes in plasma MPO in any of the groups nor between groups, with values after intervention of 36.1 +/- 8.6; 37.0 +/- 8.2 and 34.4 +/- 11.1, respectively. Conclusion: Supplementation with n-3 PUFA has no effect on plasma levels of MPO in healthy adults with low baseline levels of MPO.
Fatty acids from fish: the anti-inflammatory potential of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are precursors of potent lipid mediators, termed eicosanoids, which play an important role in the regulation of inflammation. Eicosanoids derived from n-6 PUFAs (e.g., arachidonic acid) have proinflammatory and immunoactive functions, whereas eicosanoids derived from n-3 PUFAs [e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] have anti-inflammatory properties, traditionally attributed to their ability to inhibit the formation of n-6 PUFA-derived eicosanoids. While the typical Western diet has a much greater ratio of n-6 PUFAs compared with n-3 PUFAs, research has shown that by increasing the ratio of n-3 to n-6 fatty acids in the diet, and consequently favoring the production of EPA in the body, or by increasing the dietary intake of EPA and DHA through consumption of fatty fish or fish-oil supplements, reductions may be achieved in the incidence of many chronic diseases that involve inflammatory processes; most notably, these include cardiovascular diseases, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis, but psychiatric and neurodegenerative illnesses are other examples.
Lipid droplets dependent or independent cytoprotective activities of unsaturated fatty acids, Lorenzo's oil and sulfo-N-succinimidyl oleate on 7-ketocholesterol-induced oxidative stress, organelle dysfunction and cell death on 158N and ARPE-19 cells: Cell targets and benefits of sulfo-N-succinimidyl oleate; 7-ketocholesterol is a cytotoxic oxysterol which is frequently increased in many chronic inflammatory and agerelated diseases. Thus, the inhibition of the toxicity of 7-ketocholesterol is a major challenge to treat these diseases. 158N oligodendrocytes were used to evaluate the cytoprotective effects of lipids: omega-3 and omega-9 fatty acids (alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3), docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3), erucic acid (C22:1n-9) and oleic acid (C18:1n-9)), Lorenzo's oil (a mixture of oleic and erucic acid, 4:1) and sulfo-Nsuccinimidyl oleate (SSO, a synthetic derivative of oleic acid). On 158N cells, the ability of these molecules to inhibit 7KC-induced oxiapoptophagy (plasma membrane alteration, loss of Delta Psi m, peroxisomal dysfunction, reactive oxygen species overproduction, induction of apoptosis and autophagy) were determined. ARPE-19 epithelial retinal cells were also used to evaluate the cytoprotective effect of SSO on 7KC-induced cell death. Unlike omega-3 and omega-9 fatty acids and Lorenzo's oil, sulfo-N-succinimidyl oleate had no cytotoxic effects over a wide range of concentrations. Noteworthy, unlike fatty acids and Lorenzo's oil, the cytoprotective effects of sulfo-Nsuccinimidyl oleate on 7KC-induced oxiapoptophagy, a caspase-dependent mode of cell death on 158N cells, were not associated with an accumulation of lipid droplets. In addition, on ARPE-19 cells, sulfo-N-succinimidyl oleate prevented 7KC-induced oxidative stress and cell death. These different characteristics of SSO make it possible to envisage its use for therapeutic purposes in diseases where 7-ketocholesterol levels are increased without eventual secondary side effects due to lipid droplets formation.
Comparison of the effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on plasma levels of free and esterified oxylipins; Introduction: It is believed that many of the beneficial effects of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) are mediated by their oxidized metabolites, the oxylipins. The formation and biological role of many cytochrome P450 and lipoxygenase derived hydroxy, epoxy and dihydroxy FA, particularly of oxylipins esterified in polar lipids and triglycerides remain unclear. In this study, we compared the impact of twelve weeks of LC n-3 PUFA supplementation on the patterns of free and total (sum of esterified and free) hydroxy, epoxy and dihydroxy FAs.
Marine n-3 Fatty Acids and Gene Expression in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells; Intake of marine n-3 fatty acids has been shown to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease. Gene expression analyses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) are used to understand the underlying mechanisms of action of marine n-3 fatty acids. The aim of this review was to summarize the effects mediated by marine n-3 fatty acids on gene expression in PBMCs. A systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed in May 2014 and 14 papers were included. Targeted gene expression studies were reported in 9 papers and focused on genes involved in lipid metabolism and inflammation. Whole genome transcriptome analyses were conducted in 5 papers, and processes and pathways related to atherosclerotic plaque formation such as inflammation, oxidative stress response, cell cycle, cell adhesion, and apoptosis were modulated after fish oil supplementation. PBMC gene expression profiling has a potential to clarify further the molecular effects of fish oil consumption on human health.
Fish consumption, n-3 fatty acids, and colorectal cancer: A meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Animal studies show favorable effects of n-3 fatty acids on inflammation and cancer, but results from epidemiologic studies appear to be inconsistent. The authors conducted meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies that evaluated the association between fish consumption or n-3 fatty acids and colorectal cancer incidence or mortality. Random-effects models were used, and heterogeneity between study results was explored through stratified analyses. The pooled relative risks for the highest compared with the lowest fish consumption category were 0.88 (95% confidence interval: 0.78, 1.00) for colorectal cancer incidence (14 studies) and 1.02 (95% confidence interval: 0.90, 1.16) for colorectal cancer mortality (four studies). The pooled relative risks for colorectal cancer incidence were 0.96 (95% confidence interval: 0.92, 1.00) for each extra occurrence of fish consumption per week (seven studies) and 0.97 (95% confidence interval: 0.92, 1.03) for each extra 100 g of fish consumed per week (four studies). Stratified analysis showed that the pooled relative risk for colorectal cancer incidence was more pronounced for women and in studies with a large exposure contrast. In cohort studies, fish consumption was shown to slightly reduce colorectal cancer risk. Existing evidence that n-3 fatty acids inhibit colorectal carcinogenesis is in line with these results, but few data are available addressing this association.
A Small Cohort Omega-3 PUFA Supplement Study: Implications of Stratifying According to Lipid Membrane Incorporation in Cardiac Surgical Patients; Background Epidemiological studies and randomised clinical trials (RCTs) report disparate findings in relation to omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) benefit for cardiac patients. With RCTs interpretation is potentially confounded by background n-3 PUFA intake. The goal of this pilot, small cohort, pre-surgical supplementation study was to evaluate postoperative atrial fibrillation (AF) and cardiac molecular expression profiles employing two data analysis approaches - by treatment randomisation and by stratification using measured n-3 PUFA.
Design and methods for the Better Resiliency Among Veterans and non-Veterans with Omega-3's (BRAVO) study: A double blind, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation among adult individuals at risk of suicide; Suicide remains the 10th leading cause of death among adults in the United States (U.S.). Annually, approximately 30 per 100,000 U.S. military Veterans commit suicide, compared to 14 per 100,000 U.S. civilians. Symptoms associated with suicidality can be treatment resistant and proven-effective pharmaceuticals may have adverse side-effects. Thus, a critical need remains to identify effective approaches for building psychological resiliency in at-risk individuals. Omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 HUFAs) are essential nutrients, which must be consumed in the diet. N-3 HUFAs have been demonstrated to reduce symptoms of depression, anxiety, and impulsivity which are associated with suicide risk. Here we present the design and methods for the Better Resiliency Among Veterans and non-Veterans with Omega-3's (BRAVO) study, which is a double blind, randomized, controlled trial among individuals at risk of suicide of an n-3 HUFA versus placebo supplementation in the form of all natural fruit juice beverages. The BRAVO study seeks to determine if dietary supplementation with n-3 HUFAs reduces the risk for serious suicidal behaviors, suicidal thinking, negative emotions, and symptoms associated with suicide risk. Sub-analyses will evaluate efficacy in reducing depressive symptoms, alcohol, and nicotine use. A sub-study utilizes functional magnetic resonance imaging (JMRI) to evaluate the neuropsychological and neurophysiological effects of n-3 HUFAs. We also outline selection of appropriate proxy outcome measures for detecting response to treatment and collection of ancillary data, such as diet and substance use, that are critical for interpretation of results. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relationship between polyunsaturated fatty acid composition in serum phospholipids, systemic low-grade inflammation, and glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Background: There are inconsistent data about the role of serum phospholipid fatty acid composition in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). The aim of the study was to investigate the relationship between serum phospholipid fatty acid composition, systemic low-grade inflammation, and glycemic control in high-risk T2DM patients.
Parallel decrease of tissue factor surface exposure and increase of tissue factor microparticle release by the n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoate in endothelial cells; Tissue factor (TF) is expressed on the endothelium in response to inflammatory mediators, giving endothelial cells a pro-thrombotic phenotype. Since fish-derived n-3 fatty acids (FA) have been associated with reduced incidence of myocardial infarction, we investigated the endothelial effects of the most abundant n-3 FA, docosahexaenoate (DHA), on TF expression. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells were pre-incubated with DHA (or stearate and arachidonate as controls) for 48-72 hours, and then stimulated with bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Pre-incubation of endothelial cells with DHA (but not stearate or arachidonate) concentration-dependently reduced surface protein exposure, independent of TF mRNA or total protein expression regulation. Conversely, DHA treatment in conjunction with activating stimuli, induced the release of endothelial TF-exposing microparticles from endothelial cells, quantitatively accounting for the decreased TF cell surface exposure. In conclusion, DHA treatment, with a time-course consistent with its incorporation in membrane phospholipids, increases the release of TF-exposing microparticles from endothelial cells, accounting for decreased endothelial cell TF surface exposure, thus potentially modifying the overall endothelial control of microparticle-related effects.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids enrichment alters performance and immune response in infectious bursal disease challenged broilers; Background: Infectious bursal disease (IBD) results in economic loss due to mortality, reduction in production efficiency and increasing the usage of antibiotics. This study was carried out to investigate the modulatory roles of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) enrichment in immune response and performance of IBD challenged broiler chickens.
Marine <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids, atrial fibrillation and QT interval in haemodialysis patients; Patients treated with haemodialysis are at high risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD) often caused by arrhythmias. Atrial fibrillation (AF) is frequent among haemodialysis patients and is associated with increased mortality. Prolonged QTc is a risk marker of ventricular arrhythmia and is thereby associated with SCD. Studies have suggested that n-3 PUFA may have an antiarrhythmic effect, but the exact mechanism is not clear. The aim of this study was to examine whether AF was associated with n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids and whether supplementation with n-3 PUFA would shorten the QTc interval in haemodialysis patients compared to placebo. In a double-blinded randomised, placebo-controlled intervention trial 206 haemodialysis patients with CVD were treated with 1.7 g n-3 PUFA or placebo (olive oil) daily for 3 months. Blood samples and electrocardiogram evaluations were carried out at baseline and after 3 months. The QT interval, PQ interval and heart rate were measured in all patients with sinus rhythm (SR). At baseline 13% of patients had AF. The content of the n-3 PUFA, DHA, was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in serum of patients with AF compared with patients with SR. Thus, the DHA content was independently negatively associated with AF. Supplementation with n-3 PUFA did not shorten the QT interval significantly compared to the placebo group (P=0.42), although subgroup analysis within the n-3 PUFA group revealed a shortening effects on QTc (P=0.01). In conclusion, an inverse association was found between the presence of AF and the plasma DHA in haemodialysis patients. Intervention with n-3 PUFA did not shorten the QTc interval compared to placebo.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the modification of erythrocyte membrane fatty acid content including oleic acid in peritoneal dialysis patients; Erythrocyte membrane fatty acids (FA), such as oleic acid, are related to acute coronary syndrome. There is no report about the effect of omega-3 FA on oleic acid in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. We hypothesized that omega-3 FA can modify erythrocyte membrane FA, including oleic acid, in PD patients. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study, 18 patients who were treated with PD for at least 6 months were randomized to treatment for 12 weeks with omega-3 FA or placebo. Erythrocyte membrane FA content was measured by gas chromatography at baseline and after 12 weeks. The erythrocyte membrane content of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid was significantly increased and saturated FA and oleic acid were significantly decreased in the omega-3 FA supplementation group after 12 weeks compared to baseline. In conclusion, erythrocyte membrane FA content, including oleic acid, was significantly modified by omega-3 FA supplementation for 12 weeks in PD patients. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Prevent Vascular Dysfunction and Attenuate Cytochrome P4501A1 Expression by 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-P-Dioxin; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) found in fish protect against cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; however, many individuals avoid fish consumption due to concerns about pollutants. We tested the hypothesis that n-3 PUFAs would prevent vascular dysfunction induced by 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD). C57Bl/6 male mice were fed a chow or n-3 PUFA diet for 10 weeks and were exposed to vehicle or 300 ng/kg/d TCDD during the final 2 weeks on each diet. Aortic vasoconstriction mediated by arachidonic acid (AA) +/- SKF525 (P450 inhibitor) or SQ29548 (thromboxane/prostanoid [TP] receptor antagonist) was assessed. RBC fatty acids and expression of n-3 and n-6 PUFA metabolites were analyzed. Cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1), CYP1B1, and aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) expression was measured. TCDD significantly increased AA-mediated vasoconstriction on a chow diet by increasing the contribution of P450s and TP receptor to the constriction response. In contrast, the n-3 PUFA diet prevented the TCDD-induced increase in AA vasoconstriction and normalized the contribution of P450s and TP receptor. Although TCDD increased the levels of AA vasoconstrictors on the chow diet, this increase was prevent by the n-3 PUFA diet. Additionally, the n-3 PUFA diet significantly increased the levels of n-3 PUFA-derived vasodilators and TCDD increased these levels further. Interestingly, the n-3 PUFA diet significantly attenuated CYP1A1 induction by TCDD without a significant effect on AHR expression. These data suggest that n-3 PUFAs can prevent TCDD-induced vascular dysfunction by decreasing vasoconstrictors, increasing vasodilators, and attenuating CYP1A1 induction, which has been shown previously to contribute to TCDD-induced vascular dysfunction.
Fish, marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary heart disease: A minireview with focus on clinical trial data; In this paper, we will briefly deal with the background for the possible effects of long-chain marine n-3 (also called omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in coronary heart disease (CHD) and then focus on findings from clinical trials in humans. We will not deal with effects of alpha-linolenic acid, the non-marine type of n-3 PUFA derived from plant oils. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Combination use of statins and omega-3 fatty acids: an emerging therapy for combined hyperlipidemia; Many patients with coronary heart disease remain at risk for cardiovascular events despite treatment with statins, especially those with combined hyperlipidemia. Since the observation in the 1970s that Greenland Eskimos have reduced cardiovascular mortality despite a high-fat diet, the role of omega-3 fatty acids in human health has generated intense interest. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to provide cardiovascular benefits in secondary prevention and have a hypotriglyceridemic effect, as well as other beneficial biological properties. Combination therapy using statins and omega-3 fatty acids has been proposed as a method to improve both low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides in patients with combined hyperlipidemia. In addition, combination therapy with omega-3 fatty acids may represent a way to reduce the residual cardiovascular risk seen after statin monotherapy. This review highlights the properties of omega-3 fatty acids and reviews the current evidence for their use alone and in combination with statins in reducing cardiovascular mortality.
Consumption of (n-3) fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation in women; We evaluated the hypothesis that intake of (n-3) fatty acids is inversely associated with biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 727 women from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, aged 43-69 y, apparently healthy at time of a blood draw in 1990. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated FFQ in 1986 and 1990. C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were 29% lower among those in the highest quintile of total (n-3) fatty acids, compared with the lowest quintile; interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels were 23% lower, E-selectin levels 10% lower, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (sICAM-1) levels 7% lower, and soluble vascular adhesion molecule (sVCAM-1) levels 8% lower. The intake of a-linolenic acid was inversely related to plasma concentrations of CRP (beta = -0.55, P = 0.02), II-6 (P = -0.36, P = 0.01), and E-selectin (beta = -0.24, P = 0.008) after controlling for age, BMI, physical activity, smoking status, alcohol consumption, and intake of linoleic acid (n-6) and saturated fat. Long-chain (n-3) fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic) were inversely related to sICAM-1 (beta = -0.11, P = 0.03) and sVCAM-1 (beta = -0.17, P = 0.003). Total (n-3) fatty acids had an inverse relation with CRP (beta = -0.44, P = 0.007), IL-6 (beta = -0.26, P = 0.009), E-selectin (beta = -0.17, P = 0.004), sICAM-1 (beta = -0.07, P = 0.02), and sVCAM-1 (beta = -0.10, P = 0.004). These associations were not modified by intake of vitamin E, dietary fiber, trans fatty acids, or by the use of postmenopausal hormone therapy. In conclusion, this study suggests that dietary (n-3) fatty acids are associated with levels of these biomarkers reflecting lower levels of inflammation and endothelial activation, which might explain in part the effect of these fatty acids in preventing cardiovascular disease.
Cholesterol Content and Fatty Acids Profile in Conventional and Omega-3 Enriched Eggs; This study aimed to produce table eggs enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids by diet modification and at the same time, determine the fatty acid profile and cholesterol content in egg yolk, and compare them with that of conventionally produced eggs. Eighty laying hens of Tetra SL hybrids were allocated into two experimental groups. The diets were balanced at the level of 11.60 MJ/kg ME and 16.63% crude protein. The experiment lasted 5 weeks.
Lifestyle multidomain intervention, omega-3 supplementation, or both for reducing the risk of developing clinically relevant depressive symptoms in older adults with memory complaints? Secondary analysis from the MAPT trial; Background: We tested the associations of a lifestyle multidomain intervention (MI), omega-3 supplementation (O3) or their combination with the change of clinically meaningful depressive symptoms in older adults.
Low Omega-3 Index in 106 German Elite Winter Endurance Athletes: A Pilot Study; The Omega-3 Index is defined as erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and represents an individual's status in these two marine omega-3 fatty acids. A target range of 8 to 11% has been suggested, because values below predispose to cardiovascular events, especially sudden cardiac death, as well as to suboptimal brain function, like prolonged reaction times or even depression. Compared with the general population, elite athletes have an increased incidence of sudden death. The Omega-3 Index has not yet been investigated in elite athletes. In an exploratory approach, we determined the Omega-3 Index in 106 consecutive German national elite winter endurance athletes presenting for preparticipation screening, using a well-established analytical procedure (HS-Omega-3 Index). Surprisingly, only one athlete had a value within the target range, but all others had values <8%. We conclude that we have identified a deficiency of EPA and DHA in these elite athletes. This deficiency presents a potential option for prevention of cardiovascular events such as sudden cardiac death, and improving aspects of brain function. It will be important to scrutinize our finding by more thorough epidemiologic studies and appropriate intervention trials.
Protection against fine particle-induced pulmonary and systemic inflammation by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Background: Exposure to fine particulate matter, such as through air pollution, has been linked to the increased incidence of chronic diseases. However, few measures have been taken to reduce the health risks associated with fine particle exposure. The identification of safe and effective methods to protect against fine particle exposure-related damage is urgently needed.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on markers of disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; The objective of research was to determine the effects of Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on markers of disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. This study was conducted at the University Hospital in Maracaibo from June 2016 to December 2018. Patients were assigned to receive 3 grams/day of fish oil for 4 weeks and then 5 grams/day fora period of 4 weeks. The markers of disease activity (rheumatoid factor, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, and serum C-reactive protein) and the number of patients with clinical improvement were analyzed. A decrease in rheumatoid factor values (p <0.0001) as well as the values of rheumatoid factor, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, and serum C-reactive protein at 8 weeks compared to initial values (p <0.0001) was observed after 4 weeks of treatment. At 4 weeks, improvement in the number of inflamed joints and decrease in the amount of synovial fluid was observed (p <0.0001). It is concluded that Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation results in decreased markers of disease activity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Effect of plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid levels on leukocyte telomere lengths in the Singaporean Chinese population; Background Shorter telomere length (TL) has been associated with poor health behaviors, increased risks of chronic diseases and early mortality. Excessive shortening of telomere is a marker of accelerated aging and can be influenced by oxidative stress and nutritional deficiency. Plasma n6:n3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio may impact cell aging. Increased dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFA is associated with reduced telomere attrition. However, the effect of plasma PUFA on leukocyte telomere length (LTL) and its interaction with genetic variants are not well established. Methods A nested coronary artery disease (CAD) case-control study comprising 711 cases and 638 controls was conducted within the Singapore Chinese Health Study (SCHS). Samples genotyped with the Illumina ZhongHua-8 array. Plasma n-3 and n-6 PUFA were quantified using mass spectrometry (MS). LTL was measured with quantitative PCR method. Linear regression was used to test the association between PUFA and LTL. The interaction between plasma PUFAs and genetic variants was assessed by introducing an additional term (PUFAxgenetic variant) in the regression model. Analysis was carried out in cases and controls separately and subsequently meta-analyzed using the inverse-variance weighted method. We further assessed the association of PUFA and LTL with CAD risk by Cox Proportional-Hazards model and whether the effect of PUFA on CAD was mediated through LTL by using structural equation modeling. Results Higher n6:n3 ratio was significantly associated with shorter LTL (p = 0.018) and increased CAD risk (p = 0.005). These associations were mainly driven by elevated plasma total n-3 PUFAs, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (p < 0.05). There was a statistically significant interaction for an intergenic single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs529143 with plasma total n-3 PUFA and DHA on LTL beyond the genome-wide threshold (p < 5 x 10(- 8)). Mediation analysis showed that PUFA and LTL affected CAD risk independently. Conclusions Higher plasma n6:n3 PUFA ratio, and lower EPA and DHA n-3 PUFAs were associated with shorter LTL and increased CAD risk in this Chinese population. Furthermore, genetic variants may modify the effect of PUFAs on LTL. PUFA and LTL had independent effect on CAD risk in our study population.
Maternal omega-3 fatty acids regulate offspring obesity through persistent modulation of gut microbiota; Background: The early-life gut microbiota plays a critical role in host metabolism in later life. However, little is known about how the fatty acid profile of the maternal diet during gestation and lactation influences the development of the offspring gut microbiota and subsequent metabolic health outcomes.
Weight cycling-induced alteration in fatty acid metabolism; Epidemiological studies have suggested that repeated weight cycling over time may increase the risk of coronary heart disease. The mechanism involved remains poorly understood, but the change in lipid metabolism during weight cycling has been offered as a possible explanation. The present study investigated the effect of weight cycling on the size and fatty acid composition of rat fat pads as well as serum cholesterol, triglyceride, glucose, insulin, and glucagon in rats. Two consecutive weight cycles were induced by 40% energy restriction followed by ad libitum refeeding of either a moderate-fat (MF; 22% energy) or a high-fat (HF; 45% energy) diet. The lipogenic enzymes, including fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, malic enzyme, pyruvate kinase, and lipoprotein lipase in the weight-cycled (WC) rats fed only the HF diet, yielded an overshoot of activities at the end of two weight cycles. These changes were accompanied by an 80% increase in the size of the adipocyte and a 40-50% increase in the size of perirenal and epididymal fat tissues in HF-WC rats. Regardless of whether the rats were fed the HF or MF diet, all WC rats showed a gradual reduction in linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid and an increase in palmitic, palmitoleic, and stearic acid in total body lipid. It is concluded that weight cycling in rats may promote body fatness if an HF diet is consumed and can significantly alter whole body fatty acid balance irrespective of whether they consumed an MF or HF diet. Most importantly, the weight cycling led to an overshoot or fluctuation of serum cholesterol, triglyceride, glucose, insulin, and glucagon. If weight cycling is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, then, part of the mechanism may involve the changes in these risk factors.
Modulation of blood oxylipin levels by long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in hyper- and normolipidemic men; Introduction: Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) such as EPA and DHA have been shown to possess beneficial health effects, and it is believed that many of their effects are mediated by their oxygenated products (oxylipins). Recently, we have shown that serum levels of several hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FAs are dependent on the individual status of the parent FAs in a cohort of normo-and hyperlipidemic subjects. So far, the effect of an increased dietary LC n-3 PUFA intake on hydroxy, epoxy, and dihydroxy FA levels has not been investigated in subjects with mild combined hyperlipidemia.
A potential role for adjunctive omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for depression and anxiety symptoms in recent onset psychosis: Results from a 16 week randomized placebo-controlled trial for participants concurrently treated with risperidone; Omega-3 treatment studies for multi-episode schizophrenia or clinical high risk for conversion to psychosis states have had variable, and often negative, results. To examine adjunctive omega-3 treatment for recent onset psychosis, participants aged 15-40 years with recent onset schizophrenia-spectrum (n = 46) or bipolar (n = 4) disorders and current psychotic symptoms were treated for 16 weeks with risperidone and randomly-assigned omega-3 (EPA 740 mg and DHA 400 mg daily) or matching placebo. The primary outcome measure was the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) total score. Mean lifetime antipsychotic exposure was 18.1 days. Length of time in treatment, risperidone dose and number of omega-3/placebo capsules taken did not differ between conditions. Longitudinal analysis of the total BPRS score revealed a trend level (p = 0.0826) treatment effect favoring omega-3 treatment. Lorazepam was an allowed concomitant medication. Among the subgroup (N = 23) who did not receive lorazepam, the treatment effect on BPRS total scores favoring omega-3 was significant (p = 0.0406) and factor scores analyses revealed a substantial decrease in depression-anxiety with omega-3 but no change with placebo (treatment-by-time interaction. p = 0.0184). Motor side effects did not differ between conditions. Analysis of Systematic Assessment for Treatment Emergent Events assessments revealed fewer adverse events overall with omega-3 compared with placebo with the largest differences between conditions (all favoring omega-3) on confusion, anxiety, depression, irritability, and tiredness/fatigue. These results suggest that omega-3 adjuvant treatment is a potential option for depression and anxiety symptoms of people with recent onset psychosis. Further research is needed to confirm this potential. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Targeted nano-delivery of novel omega-3 conjugate against hepatocellular carcinoma: Regulating COX-2/bcl-2 expression in an animal model; The present approach enumerates the effectiveness of tuftsin tagged nano-liposome for the cytosolic transport of 2,6-di-isopropylphenol-linolenic acid conjugate against liver cancer in mice. Initially, the conjugate in its free form was examined for anticancer potential on HepG2 liver cancer cells. Induction of apoptosis and suppression of migration and adhesion of HepG2 cells confirmed the effectiveness of conjugate as an anticancer agent. After this, role of the conjugate entrapped in a nano-carrier was evaluated in animal model. The nano-formulation comprising of conjugate bearing tuftsin tagged liposome was firsly characterized and then its therapeutic effect was determined. The nano-formulation had 100-130 nm size nanoparticles and showed sustained release of the conjugate in the surrounding milieu. The nano-formulation distinctly reduced the expression of COX-2, an important molecule that is vastly expressed in hepatocellular carcinoma. The utilization of in-house engineered nano-formulation was also successful in significantly up-regulating Bax and down-regulating bcl-2 gene expression eventually helping in better survival of treated mice. Histopathological analysis also revealed positive recovery of the general architecture and the violent death of cancer cells by apoptosis at tumor specific site. The site specific delivery of conjugate entrapped in tuftsin tagged liposomes was highly safe as well as efficaceous. Nano-formulation based approach showed a visible chemotherapeutic effect on liver cancer progression in experimental mice thereby making it a potential candidate for treatment of liver cancer in clinical settings. (C) 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Targeting mTORs by omega-3 fatty acids: A possible novel therapeutic strategy for neurodegeneration?; Neurodegenerative diseases (NDs) such as Parkinson's (PD), Alzheimer's (AD), Huntington's disease (HD), and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) cause significant world-wide morbidity and mortality. To date, there is no drug of cure for these, mostly age-related diseases, although approaches in delaying the pathology and/or giving patients some symptomatic relief have been adopted for the last few decades. Various studies in recent years have shown the beneficial effects of omega-3 poly unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) through diverse mechanisms including anti-inflammatory effects. This review now assesses the potential of this class of compounds in NDs therapy through specific action against the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathway. The role of mTOR in neurodegenerative diseases and targeted therapies by PUFAs are discussed.
Intake of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids and fish and risk of community-acquired pneumonia in US men; Background: Essential fatty acids modulate inflammation and glucose metabolism and may alter infection risk.
The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL-Depression Endpoint Prevention (VITAL-DEP): Rationale and design of a large-scale ancillary study evaluating vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acid supplements for prevention of late-life depression; Rationale: Depression is a leading cause of disease burden and disability for older adults; thus, prevention is a priority. Biologic and observational data support potential mental health benefits of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids; however, it is unclear whether these supplements can prevent late-life depression.
High dietary oleic acid in olive oil-supplemented diet enhanced omega-3 fatty acid in blood plasma of rats; This study was conducted to investigate the effect of dietary oleic acid in olive oil-supplemented diets on the blood lipid profile and fatty acid composition in blood plasma and adipose tissue of rats. A total of 60 Sprague Dawley rats with mean body weight of 249 g +/- 3.04 g were equally divided into three diet groups: control (CON) contained 10% coconut oil, olive50 contained 5% coconut oil and 5% olive oil, and olive100 contained 10% olive oil. Oleic acid (OA) level was highest in olive100 followed by the olive50 and control. The final body weight (BW) of the rats was significantly affected by the intake of OA, in which rats fed olive100 had the lowest final BW, which signified that OA could be associated with weight loss. Olive oil intake significantly increased levels of the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and exhibited a potential attenuation effect on the glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase and the glutamic-pyruvic transaminase, and a potential role in the reduction of triglycerides in the bloodstream of the animals. In terms of fatty acid composition, significantly high OA was observed in the blood plasma and adipose tissues of rats fed olive100. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as linolenic (C18:3 n-3), eicosapentaenoic (C20:5 n-3), and docosahexaenoic (C22:6 n-3), and n-6 PUFA arachidonic (C20:4 n-6) were also significantly increased in the blood plasma of rats fed olive100. These findings suggest that the intake of dietary high OA may enhance the omega-3 fatty acid levels in the blood plasma of rats and may have a positive effect in reducing risks to cardiovascular disease, as evidenced by weight loss, increased HDL-C levels, and decreased TG levels in the blood plasma of experimental animals.
Response to exercise in older adults who take supplements of antioxidants and/or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: A systematic review; Background: Nutrition is a key factor in determining exercise response. The aim of this review is to assess the response to exercise in older adults who take supplements of antioxidants and/or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Flaxseed and its lignan and oil components: can they play a role in reducing the risk of and improving the treatment of breast cancer?; Flaxseed (FS), rich in the phytoestrogen lignans and alpha-linolenic acid-rich oil, has been suggested to have an anticancer effect. Questions remain whether FS and its lignan and oil components are effective in reducing breast cancer risk and tumour growth, and can interact beneficially with breast cancer drugs. To find answers, in vitro, animal, observational, and clinical studies on FS and its lignan and oil components were reviewed. The majority of studies in various rodent models show that 2.5%-10% FS diet or the equivalent amount of lignan or oil reduces tumour growth. Ten percent FS and equivalent lignans do not interfere with but rather increase the effectiveness of tamoxifen (80 mg/day) while the 4% FS oil increases trastuzumab/Herceptin (2.5 mg/kg) effectiveness. Observational studies show that FS and lignan intake, urinary excretion, or serum levels are associated with reduced risk, particularly in postmenopausal women. Lignans reduce breast cancer and all-cause mortality by 33%-70% and 40%-53%, respectively, without reducing tamoxifen effectiveness. Clinical trials show that FS (25 g/day with 50 mg lignans; 32 days) reduces tumour growth in breast cancer patients and lignans (50 mg/day; 1 year) reduces risk in premenopausal women. Mechanisms include decreased cell proliferation and angiogenesis and increased apoptosis through modulation of estrogen metabolism and estrogen receptor and growth factor receptor signalling pathways. More clinical trials are needed but current overall evidence indicates that FS and its components are effective in the risk reduction and treatment of breast cancer and safe for consumption by breast cancer patients.
Influence of Feeding Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids to Broiler Breeders on Indices of Immunocompetence, Gastrointestinal, and Skeletal Development in Broiler Chickens; Modern broiler chickens are associated with rapid growth rates and superior feed efficiency. However, they are also susceptible to physiological and metabolic disorders (e.g., skin lesions, lameness, sudden death, enteric diseases, myopathies) that exert substantial economic losses to producers. This is further exacerbated by consumer pressure and mandated cessation of production practices such as indiscriminate use of antimicrobial growth promoters. Manipulation of broiler breeder (BB) nutrition and management can influence chick quality, robustness, and resilience to stressors in the production environment. The present review examines the role of feeding BB functional polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and subsequent impact on the indices of immunocompetence, skeletal, and gastrointestinal (GIT) development in broiler chickens. Research in mammalian and avian models led evidence that perinatal feeding of long chain n-3 PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) engender transgenerational effects through regulation of a variety of biological processes including development of vital organs such as skeleton, brain and GIT. It is shown that feeding poultry breeders n-3 PUFA decreases inflammatory states and enriches hatching eggs with n-3 PUFA and immunoglobulins. Further evidence also shows that after 15 days of incubation, chicken embryos preferentially utilize long chain n-3 PUFA-critical for optimal cell, tissues, and organ development. Enrichment of n-3 PUFA in newly hatchling tissues reduce proinflammatory eicosanoids with consequences of enhanced bone mineralization. Dietary n-3 PUFA also modulates breeder GIT microbiota with consequences of microbial colonization and succession in chicks. As well, research shows that feeding poultry breeders n-3 PUFA bolsters progeny immunocompetence through enhanced passive immunity and antibody titres against routine vaccination. In conclusion, it appears that chicks may benefit from the incorporation of n-3 PUFA in the breeder diets; however, little attention is paid to fatty acids composition in breeder nutrition. We also highlight gaps in knowledge and future research perspectives.
(n-3) fatty acids do not affect electrocardiographic characteristics of healthy men and women; (n-3) Fatty acids may reduce the risk of sudden death by preventing life-threatening cardiac arrhythmia. A standard electrocardiogram (ECG) may be used to detect clues as to the mechanism by which (n-3) fatty acids affect the electrophysiology of the heart. An earlier study showed that (n-3) fatty acids decreased the duration of the heart-rate corrected QT interval (QTc) in dogs. However, effects of (n-3) fatty acids on the standard ECG of humans have not been reported. Therefore, we investigated the effect of (n-3) fatty acids on QTc, QRS duration, apex-to-end-T duration, T-loop morphology and spatial QRS-T angle in apparently healthy men and women aged 50 to 70 y. Subjects (n = 42/group) received either capsules providing 1.5 g (n-3) fatty acids daily or placebo for 12 wk. ECG were recorded before and after intervention. None of the ECG characteristics were affected by (n-3) fatty acids. The QTc decreased by 0.8 ms or 0.2% (95% confidence interval, -6.1 to 4.4 ms) in subjects that consumed (n-3) fatty acids compared with the placebo group. These results do not support the hypothesis that (n-3) fatty acids prevent arrhythmia through electrophysiologic effects on heart cell membranes. However, an effect on the ECG in more susceptible populations can not be excluded.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on autoimmunity and osteoporosis; Decreased consumption of n-3 fatty acids ( FA) and diets rich in animal proteins, saturated fats and n-6 vegetable oils are associated with a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), certain malignancies and autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and Systemic Lupus Erythromatous (SLE), and renal disease. Recent studies show that reduced calorie intake and supplementation of diet with n-3 FA delays the onset of autoimmune renal disease, primarily, due to increased antioxidant enzyme activities, decreased NF-kappaB activation and decreased IL-1, IL-6 and TNF-alpha mRNA expression in the kidney tissue. Studies in rodents show that addition of n-3 FA and soy protein to diet affords protection against bone loss induced by ovariectomy in mice due to NF-kappaB expression and decreased activation of osteoclasts. Together, the availale evidence show that increased daily intake of dietary n-3 FA decreases the severity of autoimmune disorders, lessens the chance of developing CVD, and protects against bone loss during post-menopause.
Dietary Intake of Marine Polyunsaturated n-3 Fatty Acids and Risk of Recurrent Venous Thromboembolism; Background Limited knowledge exists on the association between intake of long-chained n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and risk of recurrence and all-cause mortality in patients with venous thromboembolism (VTE). Objectives This article investigates whether intake of marine n-3 PUFAs was associated with risk of recurrence and mortality in patients with incident VTE. Methods A total of 595 patients with incident VTE and available data on n-3 PUFA intake were derived from the Tromso Study surveys 4 (1994-1995) and 6 (2007-2008). Weekly intake of n-3 PUFAs was categorized as low, medium, and high based on tertiles. Recurrent VTEs and all-cause mortality were registered up to December 31, 2016. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated using Cox regression models with the low intake category as reference. Results There were 98 recurrent VTEs and 227 deaths during follow-up. Overall, we found no association between intake of n-3 PUFAs and risk of recurrent VTE. However, inverse associations were found for high intakes in patients with unprovoked VTE (HR 0.45, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.20-1.01), cancer-free patients (HR 0.51, 95% CI: 0.27-0.95), and deep vein thrombosis (DVT) patients (HR 0.49, 95% CI: 0.24-0.97). The inverse associations were more evident when follow-up was restricted to the time after discontinuation of anticoagulant therapy. No association was observed between intake of n-3 PUFAs and mortality after incident VTE. Conclusion A high dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFAs was associated with lower risk of recurrent VTE after unprovoked index events, DVT, and in cancer-free patients.
Red blood cell fatty acid levels improve GRACE score prediction of 2-yr mortality in patients with myocardial infarction; Background: Blood omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid levels have been associated with reduced risk for total mortality in patients with stable coronary heart disease (CHD), but their relationships with mortality in the setting of myocardial infarction (MI) are unknown.
The benefits of omega-3 fatty acid nanocapsulation for the enrichment of food products: a review; Polyunsaturated fatty acids oxidize easily due to their chemical structure, causing a reduction of their nutritional properties. Nanostructured systems may be an alternative to protect fatty acids against oxidation, improving solubility and stability. Consequently, nutritional value of food is maintained as well as the sensory characteristics (color, flavor, texture, and aroma) when fatty acids are added to food products. The present study is a narrative review to introduce the potential benefits of omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids nanoparticles incorporated in food products. The literature review includes publications in English and Portuguese issued between March 1985 and March 2019, in PubMed, ScienceDirect and Web of Science databases. Manual searches were conducted in the articles references lists of the articles included to identify other relevant studies. There were studies that evaluated the stability of fatty acids in food products such as bread, fruit juice, milk, yogurt, and meat. In this study, the most used nanostructured systems for the incorporation of fatty acids were the nanocapsules and the nanoliposomes. Currently, the nanostructured system demonstrates a potential to improve protection of polyunsaturated fatty acids against oxidization and thermal degradation. In this way, they maintain their functional properties and their bioavailability increases and therapeutic efficacy and sensory properties are improved. There are several methodologies being tested, which makes it difficult to identify the most efficient formulation to protect fatty acids. Nanostructured systems seem to be the best alternative to protect polyunsatured fatty acids from oxidization. The encapsulation efficiency, particle's size and type are relevant factors to be considered to evaluate oxidization. In conclusion, the review showed that currently it is impossible to determine the most efficient methodology. Besides, nanoformulations should follow international guidelines to present more standardized and therefore more efficient particles.
Impact of dietary n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio of atherosclerosis risk: A review; Atherosclerosis is a causative factor associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD). Over the past few decades, extensive research has been carried out on the relationship between the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio of ingested lipids and the progression of atherosclerosis. However, there are still many uncertainties regarding the precise nature of this relationship, which has led to challenges in providing sound dietary advice to the general public. There is therefore a pressing need to review our current understanding of the relationship between the dietary n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio and atherosclerosis, and to summarize the underlying factors contributing to the current uncertainties. Initially, this article reviews the association between the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio and CVDs in different countries. A summary of the current understanding of the molecular mechanisms of n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio on atherosclerosis is then given, including inflammatory responses, lipid metabolism, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol oxidation, and vascular function. Possible reasons behind the current controversies on the relationship between the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio and atherosclerosis are then provided, including the precise molecular structures of the fatty acids, diet-gene interactions, the role of fat-soluble phytochemicals, and the impact of other nutritional factors. An important objective of this article is to highlight areas where further research is needed to clarify the role of n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio on atherosclerosis.
Lipid-lowering drugs and essential omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in patients with coronary heart disease; Background and aim: There are only little data about the effects of lipid-lowering drugs (LLDs) on the metabolism of essential n-6 and n-3 fatty acids in patients with established coronary heart disease (CHD).
Effect of high-intensity interval training and omega-3 supplementation on liver enzymes and lipid profile of young men; Objectives. It has always been of great importance to measure hepatic enzymes following exercise in order to prevent liver disease. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of 6 weeks of severe periodic exercise with omega-3 supplementation on serum liver enzymes and lipid profile of inactive men.
Omega-3 supplementation lowers inflammation and anxiety in medical students: A randomized controlled trial; Observational studies have linked lower omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and higher omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs with inflammation and depression, but randomized controlled trial (RCT) data have been mixed. To determine whether n-3 decreases proinflammatory cytokine production and depressive and anxiety symptoms in healthy young adults, this parallel group, placebo-controlled, double-blind 12week RCT compared n-3 supplementation with placebo. The participants, 68 medical students, provided serial blood samples during lower-stress periods as well as on days before an exam. The students received either n-3 (2.5 g/d, 2085 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 348 mg docosahexanoic acid) or placebo capsules that mirrored the proportions of fatty acids in the typical American diet. Compared to controls, those students who received n-3 showed a 14% decrease in lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulated interleukin 6 (IL-6) production and a 20% reduction in anxiety symptoms, without significant change in depressive symptoms. Individuals differ in absorption and metabolism of n-3 PUFA supplements, as well as in adherence; accordingly, planned secondary analyses that used the plasma n-6:n-3 ratio in place of treatment group showed that decreasing n-6:n-3 ratios led to lower anxiety and reductions in stimulated IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) production, as well as marginal differences in serum TNF-alpha. These data suggest that n-3 supplementation can reduce inflammation and anxiety even among healthy young adults.
EPA plus DHA, but not ALA, Improved Lipids and Inflammation Status in Hypercholesterolemic Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Scope: To compare the effects of supplementary eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)+docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) versus alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on lipid profiles, inflammatory status, and fatty acid composition of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in hypercholesterolemic adults.
Effect of a high omega-3 fatty acid diet on cardiac contractile performance in Oncorhynchus mykiss; Objective: Omega-3 fatty acids have been implicated in the amelioration of cardiovascular disease in humans. Since these fatty acids are found in salmonid fish and are known to be essential for all salmonids, this study was undertaken to determine the effect of a high dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids on the function of trout myocardium. Methods: Rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) from a single stock population were divided into two groups and fed either a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. 4.0%) or low in omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. 2.1%) for 3 months. Heart function was studied at the whole heart and isolated muscle level. Results: In whole heart preparations, peak developed pressures in freely ejecting hearts from salmonids fed the high omega-3 fatty acid diet were significantly greater than the hearts from salmonids fed the low omega-3 fatty acid diet(21 +/- 1.5 vs. 11.5 +/- 0.9 mmHg respectively, P < 0.05). These data correlated with results from isolated muscle preparations of myocardium from fish fed high and low omega-3 fatty acid diets (4.12 +/- 0.32 vs. 3.08 +/- 0.28 mN/mm(2) respectively, P < 0.05). The calcium uptake rate of heart homogenates from fish fed the high omega-3 diet was slower and sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ ATPase activity was lower. The myofilament force-calcium relationship in myocardium from trout fed the low omega-3 diet was shifted leftward on the calcium axis to lower intracellular calcium concentrations (Delta 0.4 pCa units) compared to mammalian myocardium. This resulted in greater activation at lower intracellular calcium concentrations. However, trouts fed diets high in omega-3 fatty acids had [Ca2+] required for half maximal activation more similar to what has been reported for mammalian myocardium (Delta 0.1 pCa unit). Furthermore, the myofilaments of trout hearts appear to show less cooperativity (Hill coefficient similar to 1) than has been found in mammalian myocardium (Hill coefficient greater than or equal to 2). Conclusions: Our experimental results demonstrate for the first time that dietary omega-3 fatty acid content affects myocardial force of contraction by affecting calcium metabolism and myofilament calcium-activation.
The Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Heart Failure: A Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials; Many new clinical trials about the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in heart failure (HF) patients have shown inconsistent results. Therefore, a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to determine the benefits of omega-3 PUFAs in HF patients. Articles were obtained from PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library. RCTs comparing omega-3 PUFAs with placebo for HF were included. Two reviewers independently extracted the data from the selected publications. The I-2 statistic was used to assess heterogeneity. The pooled mean difference and associated 95% confidence intervals were calculated, and a fixed or random-effects model was used for the meta-analysis. A total of nine RCTs involving 800 patients were eligible for inclusion. Compared with patients taking placebo, HF patients who received omega-3 PUFAs experienced decreased brain natriuretic peptide levels and serum norepinephrine levels. Although the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and clinical outcomes (Tei index, peak oxygen consumption) did not improve, subgroup analysis showed that the LVEF increased in dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) patients. Overall, omega-3 PUFA supplements might be beneficial in HF patients, especially in DCM patients, but further studies are needed to confirm these benefits.
(omega)3-unsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis?; IgA nephropathy is recognized as the most common histologically verified primary glomerular disorder. Chronic renal failure occurs in approximately 13 - 20% of patients 10 years after diagnosis, and in as many as 25 - 34% after 20 years. The pathogenesis of IgA nephropathy is still purely understood. Overproduction of nephritogenic IgA or IgA immune complexes of either mucosal or non-mucosal origin, may play a major role. In addition impairment of clearance of circulating IgA immune complexes is also important. The deposition of these immune complexes in the mesangium provokes several mediator mechanisms which progressively damage the glomeruli by the action of complement, cytokines, growth factors, or prostaglandin. Most therapeutic regimes have not proved effective in controlled trials as approaches to prevent the formation of IgA immune complex or removing them, depressing the immune system or to reduce the formation or action of the mediators involved. The effect of fish oil ((omega)3-polyunsaturated fatty acids) has been shown in five studies, three small, well-designed prospective studies failed to produce a beneficial effect of this treatment. The results of Hamazaki and more recently of Donadio er al. are more promising. During the treatment period and follow-up lasting three pears on an average, the primary endpoint and the death or end-stage renal failure occurred less in the fish-oil group as compared to the placebo group. These results are promising and do not entail the risks associated with corticosteroids and immunosuppressive drugs, but the long-term effect has to be proved in future long-term controlled studies.
N-3 fatty acid supplementation to routine statin treatment inhibits platelet function, decreases patients' daytime blood pressure, and improves inflammatory status; N-3 fatty acids reduce the risks of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Administration of N-3 fatty acids to patients treated with statins may potentiate the treatment effects. We examined the operating mechanisms underlying such a combination.
The effect of dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma lipids and lipoproteins of C57BL/6 mice is age and sex specific; There is clear evidence of the effects of sex and age on the prevalence of cardiovascular disease. We investigated the interactions of dietary omega (n)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), sex, and age on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in the offspring of C57BL/6 mice exposed to high, medium, or low n-3 PUFA at weaning and 16 weeks postweaning. There was an increase in plasma triglycerides from weaning to 16 weeks in male and female offspring; however, the high n-3 PUFA group showed a reduction in triglycerides in both sexes at 16 weeks. High n-3 PUFA caused an increase in plasma LDL-cholesterol from weaning to 16 weeks in male offspring; however, the LDL particle size was significantly larger in the high n-3 PUFA group. Plasma from male mice showed higher cholesterol efflux compared to females; high n-3 PUFA increased cholesterol efflux. Thus the effects of n-3 PUFA are age and sex dependent. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of supplemental long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and risk for cardiac death: An updated meta-analysis and review of research gaps; BACKGROUND: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing use of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-OM3), primarily eicosapentaenoic acid, and/or docosahexaenoic acid have shown mixed results.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Structural and Functional Effects on the Vascular Wall; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular disease risk. Increasing evidence demonstrating a beneficial effect of n-3 PUFA on arterial wall properties is progressively emerging. We reviewed the recent available evidence for the cardiovascular effects of n-3 PUFA focusing on structural and functional properties of the vascular wall. In experimental studies and clinical trials n-3 PUFA have shown the ability to improve arterial hemodynamics by reducing arterial stiffness, thus explaining some of its cardioprotective properties. Recent studies suggest beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA on endothelial activation, which are likely to improve vascular function. Several molecular, cellular, and physiological pathways influenced by n-3 PUFA can affect arterial wall properties and therefore interfere with the atherosclerotic process. Although the relative weight of different physiological and molecular mechanisms and the dose-response on arterial wall properties have yet to be determined, n-3 PUFA have the potential to beneficially impact arterial wall remodeling and cardiovascular outcomes by targeting arterial wall stiffening and endothelial dysfunction.
Longitudinal relationship between dietary ω-3 fatty acids and periodontal disease; Objective: Fish oil has anti-inflammatory actions that may benefit periodontal health. We investigated the longitudinal relation between dietary omega-3 fatty acids (FAs), docosahexaenoic acid, (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to periodontal disease in community-dwelling elderly.
Antioxidant Defense Is Increased in Aged Hearts Following Omega-3 Supplementation in the Absence of Changes in Inflammation; The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of a 15-week omega-3 rich diet on age-related differences in myocardial antioxidant defense and inflammation. 20 mature (M) (6 mo.) and 20 old (O) (15 mo.) male Fisher 344 rats were assigned to two diet groups: Control (CON) or Fish Oil (FO). Following the diet, animals were sacrificed and left ventricular (LV) heart tissue was harvested for biochemical assays and western blot analysis. No differences were observed in expression of LV interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-a as well as hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) production between MCON and OCON. However, LV catalase protein expression and activity were increased in OCON vs. MCON and accompanied by increased expression of superoxide dismutase (SOD)-1. In contrast, LV IL-6 was lower in MFO vs. old rats, and LV H2O2 was decreased in MFO and OFO relative to respective control groups. Protein expression and activity of LV catalase and SOD-1 expression were increased in OFO similarly to OCON, but LV SOD activity was also increased in OFO vs. mature rats. In summary, FO supplementation increased myocardial antioxidant defense in all animals and augmented age-associated increases in antioxidant capacity in the absence of changes in inflammation.
Single-Cell Oils as a Source of Omega-3 Fatty Acids: An Overview of Recent Advances; Omega-3 fatty acids, namely docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, have been linked to several beneficial health effects (i.e. mitigation effects of hypertension, stroke, diabetes, osteoporosis, depression, schizophrenia, asthma, macular degeneration, rheumatoid arthritis, etc.). The main source of omega-3 fatty acids is fish oil; lately however, fish oil market prices have increased significantly. This has prompted a significant amount of research on the use of single-cell oils as a source of omega-3 fatty acids. Some of the microbes reported to produce edible oil that contains omega-3 fatty acids are from the genus Schizochytrium, Thraustochytrium and Ulkenia. An advantage of a single cell oil is that it usually contains a significant amount of natural antioxidants (i.e. carotenoids and tocopherols), which can protect omega-3 fatty acids from oxidation, hence making this oil less prone to oxidation than oils derived from plants and marine animals. Production yields of single cell oils and of omega-3 fatty acids vary with the microbe used, with the fermentative growing conditions, and extractive procedures employed to recover the oil. This paper presents an overview of recent advances, reported within the last 10 years, in the production of single cell oils rich in omega-3 fatty acids.
Beneficial Outcomes of Omega-6 and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Human Health: An Update for 2021; Oxidative stress and inflammation have been recognized as important contributors to the risk of chronic non-communicable diseases. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may regulate the antioxidant signaling pathway and modulate inflammatory processes. They also influence hepatic lipid metabolism and physiological responses of other organs, including the heart. Longitudinal prospective cohort studies demonstrate that there is an association between moderate intake of the omega-6 PUFA linoleic acid and lower risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), most likely as a result of lower blood cholesterol concentration. Current evidence suggests that increasing intake of arachidonic acid (up to 1500 mg/day) has no adverse effect on platelet aggregation and blood clotting, immune function and markers of inflammation, but may benefit muscle and cognitive performance. Many studies show that higher intakes of omega-3 PUFAs, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are associated with a lower incidence of chronic diseases characterized by elevated inflammation, including CVDs. This is because of the multiple molecular and cellular actions of EPA and DHA. Intervention trials using EPA + DHA indicate benefit on CVD mortality and a significant inverse linear dose-response relationship has been found between EPA + DHA intake and CVD outcomes. In addition to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory roles, omega-3 fatty acids are considered to regulate platelet homeostasis and lower risk of thrombosis, which together indicate their potential use in COVID-19 therapy.
Long-chain n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: further evidence and insights; The traditional Inuit diet was rich in long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and this is believed to account for the low incidence of cardiovascular disease in Inuit populations. Epidemiological studies in Europe and North America demonstrate inverse relationships between consumption or status of long-chain n-3 PUFAs and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Long-chain n-3 PUFAs might act through modification of recognized risk factors such as hypertriacylglycerolemia and hypertension. Secondary prevention studies in post-myocardial infarction patients demonstrate that long-chain n-3 PUFAs, provided in the form of fish oil, reduce cardiovascular events and mortality, with an especially potent effect on sudden death. The anti-thrombotic and antiarrhythmic actions of long-chain n-3 PUFAs may explain these effects. In addition, long-chain n-3 PUFAs are anti-inflammatory and so may act to increase atherosclerotic plaque stability. This may explain the observed reduction in cardiovascular events and mortality. A recent study has investigated this possibility. Patients awaiting carotid endarterectomy consumed control, sunflower oil, or fish oil capsules until surgery, when the atherosclerotic plaque was removed. The proportions of long-chain n-3 PUFAs were higher in carotid plaque lipids in patients receiving fish oil. Plaques from patients in the fish oil group were more likely to have thick fibrous caps and fewer signs of inflammation and to contain fewer macrophages. This may be indicative of increased plaque stability. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Brain uptake and utilization of fatty acids -: <i>Recommendations for future research</i>; A primary goal of the international workshop "Brain Uptake and Utilization of Fatty Acids" was to identify research areas that would benefit from further investigation. The major themes for future research are presented below: (1) Elucidating the role of the developing and mature cerebrovascular endothelium (CVE) in the uptake of fatty acids (FA) into the brain. (2) Clarifying the role of diffusion and receptor-mediated uptake of FAs by various brain cell membranes and protein-mediated shuttling of FAs between the CVE and various brain cells and tissues. (3) Illuminating the mechanisms of intermediate metabolism and the roles of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in astrocytes, neurons and oligodendrocytes. Of special interest are the long-chain omega-3 PUFA and their derivatives, such as lipoproteins, phospholipids and plasmalogens, that have been associated with various disease states (such as those listed in [5], below). (4) Elucidating the role of gene expression on long-chain omega-3 PUFA incorporation in membranes and the regulatory role these and other PUFA have on gene expression in the brain. (5) Elucidating the recently identified roles of long-chain omega-3 PUFA in mood disorders, schizophrenia, stroke, peroxisomal biogenesis disorders, Huntington's disease, other neurodegenerative disorders and disorders of oxidative stress. (6) Undertaking placebo-controlled clinical trials to assess the therapeutic potential of omega-3 PUFA in the above disorders. (7) Developing new, and utilizing existing animal models in the above studies. (8) Developing noninvasive imaging and tagging methods for quantifying the migration and distribution of PUFA and their derivatives in the brain. (9) Applying multi-disciplinary collaborations among biophysicists, physiologists and molecular biologists to the resolution of the above.
A new piece in the puzzling effect of n-3 fatty acids on atherosclerosis?; Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3) FA are reported to be protective against cardiovascular disease (CVD), notably through their beneficial action on atherosclerosis development. In this context dietary intake of long-chain marine eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is recommended and randomised trials largely support that EPA and DHA intake is associated with a reduction of CVD. However, mechanisms governing the atheroprotective action of n-3 FA are still unclear and numerous studies using mouse models conducted so far do not allow to reach a precise view of the cellular and molecular effects of n-3 FA on atherosclerosis. In the current issue of Atherosclerosis, Chang et al. provide important new information on the anti-atherogenic properties of n-3 FA by analysing the incremental replacement of saturated FA by pure fish oil as a source of EPA and DHA in Ldlr(-/-) mice fed a high fat/high cholesterol diet. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Reduction in Mild-Moderate Hypertriglyceridemia: Integrating Prescription of Omega-3 with Standard Treatment; Purpose of Review This reviews aims to evaluate the role of omega-3 for cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk reduction in mild-moderate hypertriglyceridemia. Recent Findings Epidemiological and Mendelian randomization studies have demonstrated that hypertriglyceridemia is strongly correlated to CVD. Even in patients with optimal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, triglycerides remain an important predictor to lower residual cardiovascular risk. In addition to screening, lifestyle intervention, and LDL-C lowering with statins for hypercholesterolemia (and other agents if needed), additional pharmacological therapies may be indicated to lower residual CVD risk in patients with persistent elevated triglyceride levels. Low-dose combinations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid have failed to reduce CVD in primary prevention. A recent trial evaluating high-dose purified EPA (icosapent ethyl) in mild-moderate hypertriglyceridemic statin-treated patients with or at high-risk atherosclerotic CVD demonstrated a clear benefit on cardiovascular outcomes. The recent REDUCE-IT trial shed light on omega-3 therapy. High-dose icosapent ethyl, a highly purified ethyl ester of EPA, reduced the risk of CVD events in statin-treated hypertriglyceridemic patients at elevated cardiovascular risk. Therefore, omega-3 therapy using high-dose icosapent ethyl should be recommended in statin-treated high-risk patients at high residual CVD risk and mild to moderate elevation of triglycerides. While icosapent ethyl demonstrated a benefit in these patients, drug class effect cannot be assumed and further investigations are warranted to examine the effects of other omega-3 agents at high doses.
Plasma Fatty Acid Composition in Continuous Ambulatory Peritoneal Dialysis Patients: An Increased Omega-6/Omega-3 Ratio and Deficiency of Essential Fatty Acids; Patients with end-stage renal disease, including those treated with peritoneal dialysis, have a high risk for death, particularly from cardiovascular causes. Plasma fatty acid (FA) composition is used as an indicator of disease risk, because its alteration has been related to metabolic disease and cardiovascular disease. For this purpose, we have measured plasma FA composition in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) patients and compared them with those of healthy subjects. This study was performed on 51 (21 M, 30 F) CAPD patients at least 6 months under dialysis, aged 20-75 years (mean 47.81 +/- 11.8 years) and 45 (25 M, 20 F) healthy control subjects aged 20-60 years (mean 38.62 +/- 12.9 years). Plasma 10-cis-pentadecanoic acid, 10-cis-heptadecanoic acid, heneicosanoic acid, tricosanoic acid, nervonic acid, saturated fatty acid, and monounsaturated FA levels and delta 9 desaturase activity were significantly higher whereas linoleic acid, linolenic acid, 11,14-eicosedienoic acid, arachidonic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and omega-3 FA levels were significantly lower in the CAPD group than those in the healthy group. Our results show that there are FA abnormalities and especially a depletion in essential FA levels and a high level of omega-6/omega-3 ratio in CAPD patients, the underlying mechanism of which is not known and needs to be investigated. Therefore, we believe that essential FA supplementation should be encouraged for CAPD patients.
<i>n</i>-3 PUFA Promotes Ferroptosis in PCOS GCs by Inhibiting YAP1 through Activation of the Hippo Pathway; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrine disorder characterized by hyperandrogenemia with multiple suspended sinus follicles, thickened cortical tissue, and excessive proliferation of ovarian granulosa cells that severely affects the fertility and quality of life of women. The addition of n-3 PUFA to the diet may slightly reduce body weight and greatly alleviate disturbed blood hormone levels in PCOS mice. We treated KGN as a cell model for n-3 PUFA addition and showed that n-3 PUFA inhibited the proliferation of GCs and promoted ferroptosis in ovarian granulosa cells. We used CCK-8, fluorescence quantitative transmission electron microscopy experiments and ferroptosis marker gene detection and other methods. Furthermore, n-3 PUFA was found to promote YAP1 exocytosis by activating Hippo and weakening the cross-talk between YAP1 and Nrf2 by activating the Hippo signaling pathway. In this study, we found that n-3 PUFA inhibited the over proliferation of granulosa cells in ovarian follicles by activating Hippo, promoting YAP1 exocytosis, weakening the cross-talk between YAP1 and Nrf2, and ultimately activating the ferroptosis sensitivity of ovarian granulosa cells. We demonstrate that n-3 PUFA can alleviate the hormonal and estrous cycle disorder with PCOS by inhibiting the YAP1-Nrf2 crosstalk that suppresses over proliferating ovarian granulosa cells and promotes iron death in GCs. These findings reveal the molecular mechanisms by which n-3 PUFA attenuates PCOS and identify YAP1-Nrf2 as a potential therapeutic target for regulation granulosa cells in PCOS.
Saturated Fatty Acids and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Improve Metabolic Parameters in Ovariectomized Female Mice; In menopausal and postmenopausal women, the risk for obesity, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, and gut dysbiosis are elevated by the depletion of 17 ss-estradiol. A diet that is high in omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly linoleic acid (LA), and low in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) found in coconut oil and omega-3 PUFAs may worsen symptoms of estrogen deficiency. To investigate this hypothesis, ovariectomized C57BL/6J and transgenic fat-1 mice, which lower endogenous omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, were treated with either a vehicle or estradiol benzoate (EB) and fed a high-fat diet with a high or low PUFA:SFA ratio for similar to 15 weeks. EB treatment reversed obesity, glucose intolerance, and bone loss in ovariectomized mice. fat-1 mice fed a 1% LA diet experienced reduced weight gain and adiposity, while those fed a 22.5% LA diet exhibited increased energy expenditure and activity in EB-treated ovariectomized mice. Coconut oil SFAs and omega-3 FAs helped protect against glucose intolerance without EB treatment. Improved insulin sensitivity was observed in wild-type and fat-1 mice fed 1% LA diet with EB treatment, while fat-1 mice fed 22.5% LA diet was protected against insulin resistance without EB treatment. The production of short-chain fatty acids by gut microbial microbiota was linked to omega-3 FAs production and improved energy homeostasis. These findings suggest that a balanced dietary fatty acid profile containing SFAs and a lower ratio of omega-6:omega-3 FAs is more effective in alleviating metabolic disorders during E2 deficiency.
MODULATION OF CONNEXIN-43 BY OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS IN THE AORTA OF OLD SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS; Hypertension alters expression of connexin-43 (Cx43) in cardiovascular system. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (30 mg/day for 2 months) on expression of Cx43 in the aorta of 1-year-old male spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Spatial distribution and expression of Cx43 in aortic wall of SHR and age-matched Lewis rats were determined by immunofluorescent method and Western blot. NO synthase (NOS) activity and endothelium-dependent relaxation of the aorta were measured as well. Immunofluorescent pattern of Cx43 was identified in endothelial and smooth muscle cells of the aorta of all experimental groups studied. However, local decrease in the number and intensity of fluorescent spots and reduced phosphorylation of Cx43 were observed in SHR in contrast to normotensive LEW. Omega-3 fatty acid diet increased Cx43 immunolabeling in endothelium and media of SHR comparing to untreated ones. Parallel, 3-fatty acids significantly elevated phosphorylation of Cx43 in the aorta of SHR (p<0.001). Despite the omega-3 fatty acids reduced blood pressure and stimulated aortic NOS activity in SHR, endothelium-dependent relaxation of the aorta did not significantly change. Results indicate that the aorta of old SHR might partially benefit from 3-PUFA supplementation due to increased Cx43 phosphorylation, NOS activity and decreased blood pressure.
Omega-3 fatty acids, inflammatory status and biochemical markers of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: a pilot study; Background: Studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids reduce the concentrations of eicosanoids, cytokines, chemokines, C-reactive protein (CRP) and other inflammatory mediators.
Low dihomo-γ-linolenic acid is associated with susceptibility vessel sign in cardioembolism; Background and aims: The susceptibility vessel sign (SVS) on susceptibility-weighted image, a magnetic resonance imaging technique, reveals thrombi as hypointense signals. We aimed to examine the association between polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and the presence of the SVS and its length in cardioembolism due to atrial fibrillation (AF).Methods: Consecutive ischemic stroke patients who met the following inclusion criteria were screened: 1) patients with cardioembolism, defined by Trial of ORG 10172 in Acute Stroke Treatment, secondary to AF; 2) onset to door time within 24 h; 3) availability of magnetic resonance images, including susceptibility-weighted images, obtained at our hospital before performing recanalizing therapy; and 4) availability of PUFA measurements on the day of or the day after the hospital visit. We evaluated whether PUFA levels might be associated with the presence of the SVS and its length.Results: We retrospectively screened 1720 consecutive ischemic stroke patients, and included 137 patients (95 (69%) male, median age 73 years) who met the inclusion criteria in the analyses. In binomial logistic regression analysis, lower dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) level was associated with the presence of SVS (odds ratio 0.545, 95% confidence interval 0.374 to 0.794, p = 0.002). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed a significant negative association between DGLA levels and SVS length (unstandardized coefficient-7.430, 95% confidence interval-13.256 to-1.603, p = 0.013).Conclusion: Low DGLA level is associated with the presence of SVS and its length in patients with cardioembolism secondary to AF.
Fish oil-derived n-3 PUFA therapy increases muscle mass and function in healthy older adults; Background: Age-associated declines in muscle mass and function are major risk factors for an impaired ability to carry out activities of daily living, falls, prolonged recovery time after hospitalization, and mortality in older adults. New strategies that can slow the age-related loss of muscle mass and function are needed to help older adults maintain adequate performance status to reduce these risks and maintain independence.
Increasing omega-3 levels in meat from ruminants under pasture-based systems; This review discusses the importance of red meat from ruminants as a source of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) for human life in the context of the contribution of animals to human welfare. Red meat is a valuable food commodity for human life because it is naturally rich in key nutrients such as protein,trace elements, vitamins and essential FAs. In developed countries and high socio-economic groups from developing countries, red meat intake is greater than that of oily fish, owing to availability, preference and affordability. Omega-3 FA concentration is higher in red meat (beef, lamb and mutton) than in white meat (pork, poultry and turkey), due to the fibre types present in muscle tissues and the specialised digestive systems of ruminants. There is mounting evidence that regular consumption of n-3 FAs is beneficial for growth and development as well as the health and welfare of humans of all ages. The dietary background of ruminants significantly influences the concentration of n-3 FAs in red meat. Meat from forage-or grassfed ruminants has a greater concentration of n-3 FAs than that from their feedlot or grain-fed counterparts and can also offer a favourable n-6:n-3 ratio in the meat. Scientific literature shows that the advantages of consuming n-3 FAs enriched meat (foods) outweigh the disadvantages.
Effect of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients with Diabetes: A Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; The current guidelines recommend that people consume 2 or more servings of fat-rich fish per week to obtain enough omega-3 (co-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids to prevent cardiovascular events. However, the cardiovascular benefits of co-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with diabetes are unclear, and related large-scale trials have produced conflicting results. We aimed to perform a meta-analysis of all randomized controlled trials that attempted to assess the effects of co-3 fatty acid supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes. In PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library, we searched for data from all randomized controlled trials on co-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes published before July 2022. Eight eligible studies involving 57,754 participants were ultimately included. Meta-analysis showed that co-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in patients with diabetes (rate ration [RR] = 0.93; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.90, 0.97; P = 0.0009). Among them, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), but not EPA plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), significantly reduced the risk of CVD in patients with diabetes (EPA [RR = 0.81; 95% CI: 0.73, 0.90; P=0.0001]). This meta-analysis suggests that co-3 fatty acid supplementation is an effective strategy to prevent CVD in patients with dia-betes, but further well-designed, large-scale randomized controlled trials are necessary to evaluate the safety of co-3 fatty acid supple-mentation, and its effect on atrial fibrillation. This study was registered with PROSPERO as CRD42022346302.
Perspectives on a new prescription omega-3 fatty acid, icosapent ethyl, for hypertriglyceridemia; Icosapent ethyl (IPE) is a prescription omega-3 fatty acid drug that significantly decreases triglycerides (TG) and has other beneficial lipid effects, including lowering non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B, without raising low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with very high TG levels (MARINE trial) and in statin-treated patients with persistently high TG levels (ANCHOR trial). The safety and efficacy profile of IPE supports its use in patients with TG = 500 mg/dl and provides support for potential use in patients with high TG on statin therapy. A large ongoing outcomes trial (REDUCE-IT) will assess the efficacy of IPE in preventing cardiovascular events in high-risk, statin-treated patients with hypertriglyceridemia. As such, IPE may offer benefits over other dyslipidemia treatment options.
INFLUENCE OF DIETARY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA AND REPERFUSION; We have investigated the effect of elevated n-3 (omega-3) fatty acid content in the diet on arrhythmias, ischemic damage, and inflammatory cell infiltration into the reperfused left ventricular free wall (LVFW). Weanling rats were fed purified diets in which the lipid was replaced with either corn oil (CO) or menhaden oil (MO). After 4 wk, MO feeding resulted in significant elevations in both the ratio of n-3 to n-6 fatty acids and the unsaturation index in myocardial phospholipids. Rats were subjected to 15 min of ischemia followed by reperfusion. After 6 h of reperfusion of the left coronary artery there was significantly less creatine kinase (CK) lost from the LVFW of rats fed MO. Leukocyte infiltration into the LVFW, as measured by myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity, was also significantly reduced with MO feeding at 6 h. Arrhythmias were studied in a separate group of 17 rats; both the incidence and severity of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation were significantly reduced during the ischemic and reperfusion periods with MO feeding. After 24 h of reperfusion there was also significantly less CK lost from the LVFW of MO-fed rats; however, there was no significant difference in tissue MPO activity in ventricular homogenates. Survival after 24 h of reperfusion was 76% (16/21) for MO- and 41% (9/22) for CO-fed rats. The data suggest a protective effect for dietary MO in myocardial ischemia-reperfusion, which may involve both an early reduction in leukocyte infiltration and a reduction in the incidence of fatal arrhythmias.
Omega-3 fatty acid intake suppresses induction of diverse autoantibody repertoire by crystalline silica in lupus-prone mice; Inhalation of crystalline silica (cSiO(2)) in the workplace is etiologically linked to lupus and other autoimmune diseases. Exposing lupus-prone NZBWF1 mice to respirable cSiO(2)unleashes a vicious cycle of inflammation and cell death in the lung that triggers interferon-regulated gene expression, ectopic lymphoid structure (ELS) development, elevation of local and systemic autoantibodies (AAbs), and glomerulonephritis. However, cSiO(2)-induced inflammation and onset of autoimmunity can be prevented by inclusion of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) into the diet of these mice. Since cSiO(2) both causes cell death and interferes with efferocytosis, secondary necrosis of residual cell corpses might provide a rich and varied autoantigen (AAg) source in the lung. While it is known that the particle induces anti-nuclear and anti-dsDNA AAbs in NZBWF1 mice, the full extent of the cSiO(2)-induced AAb response relative to specificity and isotype is not yet understood. The purpose of this study was to test the hypotheses that cSiO(2)exposure induces a wide spectrum of AAbs in the pulmonary and systemic compartments, and that dietary DHA intervention prevents these changes. Archived tissue fluid samples were obtained from a prior study in which NZBWF1 mice were fed purified isocaloric diets containing no DHA (control) or DHA corresponding calorically to human doses of 2 and 5 g/day. Mice were intranasally instilled with 1 mg cSiO(2) or saline vehicle weekly for 4 weeks, then groups euthanized 1, 5, 9, or 13 weeks post-instillation (PI) of the last cSiO(2) dose. Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) and plasma from each time point were subjected to AAb profiling using a microarray containing 122 AAgs. cSiO(2) triggered robust IgG and IgM AAb responses against lupus-associated AAgs, including DNA, histones, ribonucleoprotein, Smith antigen, Ro/SSA, La/SSB, and complement as early as 1 week PI in BALF and 5 weeks PI in plasma, peaking at 9 and 13 weeks PI, respectively. Importantly, cSiO(2) also induced AAbs to AAgs associated with rheumatoid arthritis (collagen II, fibrinogen IV, fibrinogen S, fibronectin, and vimentin), Sjogren's syndrome (alpha-fodrin), systemic sclerosis (topoisomerase I), vasculitis (MPO and PR3), myositis (Mi-2, TIF1-gamma, MDA5), autoimmune hepatitis (LC-1), and celiac disease (TTG). cSiO(2) elicited comparable but more modest IgA AAb responses in BALF and plasma. cSiO(2)-induced AAb production was strongly associated with time dependent inflammatory/autoimmune gene expression, ELS development, and glomerulonephritis. AAb responses were dose-dependently suppressed by DHA supplementation and negatively correlated with the omega-3 index, an erythrocyte biomarker of omega-3 content in tissue phospholipids. Taken together, these findings suggest that cSiO(2) exposure elicits a diverse multi-isotype repertoire of AAbs, many of which have been reported in individuals with lupus and other autoimmune diseases. Furthermore, induction of this broad AAb spectrum could be impeded by increasing omega-3 tissue content via dietary DHA supplementation.
Effectiveness of n-3 fatty acids in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in HIV/AIDS patients: a meta-analysis; Hypertriglyceridemia is common in antiretroviral therapy-treated patients and Omega 3 fatty acids are being used as a intervention in reducing serum triglycerides (TG) in these patients. The objective of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of the use of Omega 3 in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in HIV/AIDS patients on antiretroviral therapy. This study is a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials. Electronic databases - PubMed, Cochrane and Lilacs were researched. Fifty one articles were encountered. Nine were added to the meta-analysis. The reduction of triglycerides level was -77.55 mg (IC of -121.85 to -33.25) in Omega 3 groups. The analysis considering trials with more than 1000 mg of EPA/DHA included seven studies and the heterogeneity dropped to 0%. The reduction of combined averages was -101.56mg (IC of -145.76 to -57.37). The analysis considering trials with patients that had more than 200 mg/dL of initial triglycerides included also seven trials and the heterogeneity dropped to 0%. The reduction of combined averages was -114.15 mg (IC of -162.34 to -65.97). EPA/DHA supplementation reduces serum triglycerides levels in patients with HIV/AIDS-associated hypertriglyceridemia in stable use of antiretroviral therapy.
One-Year Effects of Omega-3 Treatment on Fatty Acids, Oxylipins, and Related Bioactive Lipids and Their Associations with Clinical Lipid and Inflammatory Biomarkers: Findings from a Substudy of the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL); Omega-3 (n-3) treatment may lower cardiovascular risk, yet its effects on the circulating lipidome and relation to cardiovascular risk biomarkers are unclear. We hypothesized that n-3 treatment is associated with favorable changes in downstream fatty acids (FAs), oxylipins, bioactive lipids, clinical lipid and inflammatory biomarkers. We examined these VITAL200, a nested substudy of 200 subjects balanced on demographics and treatment and randomly selected from the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL). VITAL is a randomized double-blind trial of 840 mg/d eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) vs. placebo among 25,871 individuals. Small polar bioactive lipid features, oxylipins and FAs from plasma and red blood cells were measured using three independent assaying techniques at baseline and one year. The Women's Health Study (WHS) was used for replication with dietary n-3 intake. Randomized n-3 treatment led to changes in 143 FAs, oxylipins and bioactive lipids (False Discovery Rate (FDR) < 0.05 in VITAL200, validated (p-values < 0.05)) in WHS with increases in 95 including EPA, DHA, n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (DPA-n3), and decreases in 48 including DPA-n6, dihomo gamma linolenic (DGLA), adrenic and arachidonic acids. N-3 related changes in the bioactive lipidome were heterogeneously associated with changes in clinical lipid and inflammatory biomarkers. N-3 treatment significantly modulates the bioactive lipidome, which may contribute to its clinical benefits.
n-3 fatty acids reduce plasma 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid and blood pressure in patients with chronic kidney disease; Background: Metabolism of arachidonic acid by cytochrome P450 -hydroxylase leads to the formation of 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (20-HETE) that regulates vascular function, sodium homeostasis and blood pressure (BP). Supplementation with n-3 fatty acids is known to alter arachidonic acid metabolism and reduce the formation of the lipid peroxidation products F-2-isoprostanes, but the effect of n-3 fatty acids on 20-HETE has not been studied.
Mitochondria: Omega-3 in the route of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species; Mitochondria are the main organelles that produce reactive oxygen species (ROS). Overproduction of ROS induces oxidative damage to macromolecules, including lipids, and can damage cellular membrane structure and functions. Mitochondria, the main target of ROS-induced damage, are equipped with a network of antioxidants that control ROS production. Dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3PUFA5) and consequently the increase in omega 3PUFA content of membrane lipids may be disadvantageous to the health because ROS-induced oxidative peroxidation of omega 3PUFAs within membrane phospholipids can lead to the formation of toxic products. Mitochondrial control of lipid peroxidation is one of the mechanisms that protect cell against oxidative damage. This review discusses the role of mitochondria in ROS generation and the mechanisms by which it regulates ROS production. The susceptibility to peroxidation of PUFAs by ROS raises the question of the adverse effects of omega 3PUFA dietary supplementation on embryonic development and prenatal developmental outcomes. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 Fatty acids affect haemostasis but do not increase the risk of bleeding: clinical observations and mechanistic insights; n-3 Fatty acids (EPA and DHA, from fish oil) are essential fatty acids that are approved for the treatment of severe hypertriacylglycerolaemia and, in some countries, used for reducing the risk of CVD. Because of their inhibitory effects on platelet function, some practitioners have, perhaps unnecessarily, discontinued their use in patients undergoing invasive procedures or being treated with anti-platelet or anticoagulation drugs. Thus, the aim of the present study was to review the effects of n-3 fatty acids on bleeding complications in a wide variety of clinical settings, and to summarise their biochemical mechanism of action in platelet function and coagulation. We surveyed recent publications that either directly studied the effects of n-3 fatty acids on the risk of bleeding or focused on different end-points and also reported the effects on bleeding. n-3 Fatty acid treatment had no effect on the risk of clinically significant bleeding in either monotherapy or combination therapy settings. Although originally believed to operate primarily via the cyclo-oxygenase system, these fatty acids have been shown to affect multiple signalling pathways and thrombotic processes beyond simply affecting platelet aggregation. The present overview found no support for discontinuing the use of n-3 fatty acid treatment before invasive procedures or when given in combination with other agents that affect bleeding. On the contrary, the use of these fatty acids in several settings improved clinical outcomes.
Associations between Plasma Lipid Mediators and Chronic Daily Headache Outcomes in Patients Randomized to a Low Linoleic Acid Diet with or without Added Omega-3 Fatty Acids; A previous report showed that 12-week lowering of dietary omega-6 linoleic acid (LA) coupled with increased omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake (H3-L6 diet) reduced headache frequency and improved quality of life in patients with chronic daily headaches (CDHs) compared to dietary LA reduction alone (L6 diet). The trial also showed that targeted dietary manipulation alters PUFA-derived lipid mediators and endocannabinoids. However, several additional classes of lipid mediators associated with pain in preclinical models were not measured. The current secondary analysis investigated whether the clinical benefits of the H3-L6 diet were related to changes in plasma unesterified PUFA-derived lipid mediators known to be involved in nociception, including prostanoids. Lipid mediators were measured by ultra-high-pressure liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass-spectrometry. Compared to baseline, dietary LA lowering with or without added omega-3 fatty acids did not alter unesterified n-6 PUFA-derived lipid mediators, although several species derived from LA, di-homo-gamma-linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid were positively associated with headache frequency and intensity, as well as mental health burden. Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-derived metabolites were also associated with increased headache frequency and intensity, although they did not change from the baseline in either dietary group. Compared to baseline, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-derived epoxides were more elevated in the H3-L6 group compared to the L6 group. Diet-induced elevations in plasma DHA-epoxides were associated with reduced headache frequency, better physical and mental health, and improved quality of life (p < 0.05). Prostanoids were not detected, except for PGF2-alpha, which was not associated with any outcomes. This study demonstrates that diet-induced changes in DHA-epoxides were associated with pain reduction in patients with chronic headaches, whereas n-6 PUFA and ALA metabolites were associated with nociception. Lipid mediator associations with mental health and quality of life paralleled pain management outcomes in this population. The findings point to a network of multiple diet-modifiable lipid mediator targets for pain management in individuals with CDHs.
<i>n</i>-3 PUFA and lipotoxicity; Excess lipid accumulation in nonadipose tissues may occur in the setting of high levels of plasma free fatty acids or triglycerides (TGs) in a process called "lipotoxicity". Evidence from human studies and animal models suggests that lipid accumulation in the heart, skeletal muscle, pancreas, and liver play an important role in the pathogenesis of heart failure, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). During the past few years, several studies have shown that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have potentially cardioprotective effects, especially in high-risk patients with dyslipidemia, and might therefore be expected to be of benefit in T2DM. Moreover, new information has demonstrated the beneficial effects of consuming n-3 PUFA in preventing the complications of lipotoxicity. n-3 PUFA dietary intake thus had positive effects on fatty liver in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), with an improvement in liver echotexture and a significant regression of hepatic brightness, associated with improved liver hemodynamics. The n-3 PUFA also had beneficial effects on ectopic fat accumulation inside the heart, with stabilization of cardiac myocytes and antiarrhythmic effects. On the other hand, recent data from animal models suggest that oral dosing of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) could contribute to protect against P-cell lipotoxicity. This review discusses the latest hypotheses regarding lipotoxicity, concentrating on the impact of the n-3 PUFA that contribute to ectopic lipid storage, affecting organ function. Further human studies are needed to test the evidence and elucidate the mechanisms involved in this process. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) Reverses Corticosterone-Induced Changes in Cortical Neurons; Background: Chronic exposure to the glucocorticoid hormone corticosterone exerts cellular stress-induced toxic effects that have been associated with neurodegenerative and psychiatric disorders. Docosahexaenoic acid is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that has been shown to be of benefit in stress-related disorders, putatively through protective action in neurons.
Association between the levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids and blood lipids in healthy individuals; The levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in blood is closely associated with the status of the health of individuals; in particular, the lack of omega-3 fatty acids may lead to the development of numerous diseases. The aim of this study was to investigate the levels of PUFAs, and their correlation with triglycerides and other factors in blood. The levels of PUFAs and blood lipids were detected in 156 healthy individuals; the blood samples were tested by combined thin-layer and gas liquid chromatographic analysis. The level of omega-3 fatty acids was low in the subjects and the omega-3 index was 4.25%, while the omega-6:omega-3 ratio was at a satisfactory level. There was a strong inverse correlation between omega-3 fatty acids and triglycerides, and a strong positive correlation between omega-3 fatty acids and high density lipoprotein (HDL). Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid were inversely correlated with triglycerides, and positively correlated with HDL. In conclusion, omega-3 fatty acids are able to adjust the levels of blood lipids, and lower the levels of triglycerides, which may contribute to human health.
Post-stroke administration of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids promotes neurovascular restoration after ischemic stroke in mice: Efficacy declines with aging; Post-stroke treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may be a promising therapy in young animals but this has not been tested in aged subjects, a population at most risk of ischemic stroke. Herein we examined the therapeutic efficacy of n-3 PUFAs after distal middle cerebral artery occlusion (dMCAO) in young (10-12 weeks old) and aged (18 months old) mice. Post-ischemic mice were randomly assigned to 4 groups that received: 1) regular food with low content of n-3 PUFAs, 2) intraperitoneal docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, a major component of n-3 PUFAs) injections, 3) Fish oil (FO, containing high concentration of n-3 PUFAs) dietary supplement, or 4) combined treatment with DHA and FO dietary supplement. Long-term neurorestoration induced by n-3 PUFA post-stroke administration and its underlying mechanism(s) were analyzed up to 35 days after dMCAO. Aged mice showed more severe neurological deficits than young mice after dMCAO with histological lesions extended to the striatum. Notably, post-stroke treatment with combined DHA injections and FO dietary supplementation was more effective in reducing brain injury and improving sensorimotor function in aged mice than either treatment alone, albeit to a lesser extent than in the young mice. Unlike the improvement in spatial cognitive function observed in young mice, the combined treatment regimen failed to improve cognitive function in aged mice. The reduction in stroke-induced neurological deficits with n-3 PUFA post-treatment was associated with enhanced angiogenesis, oligodendrogenesis, neuron survival and white matter restoration. Together, these results indicate that the neurological benefits of n-3 PUFA administration after stroke extend to older animals and are associated with improved neuronal survival and brain remodeling, therefore suggesting that post-stroke administration of n-3 PUFAs is a viable clinically relevant treatment option against stroke.
The skinny on tuna fat: health implications; Objective: Dietary n-3 (omega-3) and n-6 (omega-6) PUFA have significant implications in health and disease prevention. Marine life is rich in long-chain n-3 PUFA. Children and adults in North America are reluctant fish eaters; canned tuna is a common fish in children's diets. Although a multitude of tuna products are available, their respective PUFA contents have not been well described. The aim of the present study was to compare the fatty acid (FA) profiles of different commercially available US tuna products.
Associations between intake of fish and n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma metabolites related to the kynurenine pathway in patients with coronary artery disease; Enhanced tryptophan degradation via the kynurenine pathway has been related to several pathological conditions. However, little is known about the effect of diet on individual metabolites of this pathway. We investigated cross-sectional associations between reported intake of fish and omega-3 (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) and plasma metabolites related to the kynurenine pathway.
Omega-3 fatty acid supply from milk associates with lower type 2 diabetes in men and coronary heart disease in women; Background. Omega-3 fatty acids may prevent type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease (CHD). We investigated these fatty acids in Nordic cow's milk and whether their supply from milk associates with type 2 diabetes prevalence and CHD mortality in the Nordic countries.
Fish consumption, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and risk of cognitive decline or Alzheimer disease: a complex association; Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids could have neuroprotective properties against dementia, which is becoming a major global public health issue. We conducted a systematic review of the literature to establish the association between eating fish (a source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids) or taking long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplements and the risk of cognitive decline or Alzheimer disease (AD). We identified eleven observational studies and four clinical trials. All three observational studies that used cognitive decline as an outcome reported significant benefits, whereas only four of eight observational studies that used incidence of AD or dementia as an outcome reported positive findings. None of four small clinical trials provided convincing evidence for the use of this approach in the prevention or treatment of any form of dementia. In summary, the existing data favor a role for long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in slowing cognitive decline in elderly individuals without dementia, but not for the prevention or treatment of dementia (including AD). This apparent dichotomy might reflect differences in study designs with regard to participants, dosages, the ratio of long-chain omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acids, or the choice of outcome measurements. Large clinical trials of extended duration should help to provide definitive answers.
Postprandial lipaemia following consumption of a meal enriched with medium chain saturated and/or long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. A randomised cross-over study; Background & aims: Postprandial lipaemic response has emerged as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dietary fats such as medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MCSFA) and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA) are known to reduce postprandial lipaemic responses. The combination of the two could potentially have complementary and/or synergistic effects for optimising cardiovascular health. This study aims to investigate the effects of MCSFA (coconut oil) with or without LCn-3PUFA (fish oil) inclusion in the test meal on postprandial blood lipids in healthy adults.
Effects of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiac sarcolemmal Na<SUP>+</SUP>/H<SUP>+</SUP> exchange; Myocardial ischemia-reperfusion activates the Na+/H+ exchanger, which induces arrhythmias, cell damage, and eventually cell death. Inhibition of the exchanger reduces cell damage and lowers the incidence of arrhythmias after ischemia-reperfusion. The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are also known to be cardioprotective and antiarrhythmic during ischemia-reperfusion challenge. Some of the action of PUFAs may occur via inhibition of the Na+/H+ exchanger. The purpose of our study was to determine the capacity for selected PUFAs to alter cardiac sarcolemmal (SL) Na+/H+ exchange. Cardiac membranes highly enriched in SL vesicles were exposed to 10-100 muM eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) or docosahexanoic acid (DHA). H+-dependent Na-22(+) uptake was inhibited by 30-50% after treatment with greater than or equal to50 muM EPA or greater than or equal to25 muM DHA. This was a specific effect of these PUFAs, because 50 muM linoleic acid or linolenic acid had no significant effect on Na+/H+ exchange. The SL vesicles did not exhibit an increase in passive Na+ efflux after PUFA treatment. In conclusion, EPA and DHA can potently inhibit cardiac SL Na+/H+ exchange at physiologically relevant concentrations. This may explain, in part, their known cardioprotective effects and antiarrhythmic actions during ischemia-reperfusion.
n-3 Fatty Acids in Patients with Multiple Cardiovascular Risk Factors; BACKGROUND
Chronotropic effects and mechanisms of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on heartbeat: the latest insights; The roles of the resting heart rate (RHR) have been actively investigated and increasingly recognized in recent decades, because of the growing evidence that fast RHR is associated with and predicts the risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic disorders, as well as all-cause mortality. Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (eg, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) have been shown to have chronotropic effects on heartbeat in both healthy people and patients with various disease conditions. The aims of this review are (1) to briefly summarize the importance of elevated RHR in disease pathogenesis and mortality; (2) to provide an update on the negative chronotropic effect of omega-3 PUFAs on the heart; (3) to highlight how omega-3 PUFAs regulate heart rate through the autonomic nervous system - a central control mechanism; and (4) to highlight how omega-3 PUFAs modulate the trans-membrane ionic channels in cardiomyocytes - a fundamental mechanism of cardiac automaticity. Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are nutrients derived from some aquatic organisms, and they can also be converted from digested oily seeds and nuts of some terrestrial plants in the body. The consumption of omega-3 PUFAs for RHR reduction represents a lifestyle modification for risk factor management and promises nutritional benefits for public health improvement.
Self-Reported Omega-3 Supplement Use Moderates the Association between Age and Exercising Cerebral Blood Flow Velocity in Older Adults; Cerebral blood flow (CBF) decreases across the lifespan, and chronic conditions such as dementia and stroke accelerate this decline. Impaired CBF results in reduced delivery of oxygen and nutrients, which can damage the brain over time. Thus, there is a need to identify lifestyle interventions, including diet and exercise, to maintain CBF with aging and in the presence of chronic disease. In the present study, we used transcranial Doppler ultrasound to record middle cerebral artery velocity (MCAv), a surrogate measure of CBF, during moderate-intensity exercise in sedentary, cognitively normal older adults (n = 90). A multiple linear regression model (F(4, 85) = 3.21, p = 0.02) showed that self-reported omega-3 supplement use significantly moderated the association between age and mean exercising MCAv in these individuals (p = 0.01). Older age was associated with lower exercising MCAv in the group not taking omega-3 supplements, while exercising MCAv showed no decline with increasing age in the group who reported omega-3 supplement use. These findings suggest omega-3 supplementation may have an important role in the preservation of CBF with aging.
Effect of diet or very long chain ω-3 fatty acids on progression of atherosclerosis, evaluated by carotid plaques, intima-media thickness and by pulse wave propagation in elderly men with hypercholesterolaemia; Background This randomized study targeted a comparison of the effect of 3-year diet counselling or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation (2.4 g/day) on the progression of atherosclerosis in carotid arteries and on finger pulse wave propagation.
Fish consumption, marine omega-3 fatty acids, and incidence of heart failure: a population-based prospective study of middle-aged and elderly men; Fatty fish and marine omega-3 fatty acids were associated with lower rates of heart failure (HF) among US elderly, but this has not been confirmed in broader age ranges or other populations where source and type of fish may differ. We therefore conducted a population-based, prospective study of 39 367 middle-aged and older Swedish men.
Omega-3 oil: a fishy protection for the heart; Adding n-3 fatty acids from fish oil-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-to our diet is likely to lower our risk of cardiovascular disease, according to some previous studies and basic research but other studies in people with cardiac disease have shown negative, disappointing results. Daan Kromhout et al.(1) now show that low doses of a mixture of EPA and DHA (EPA-DHA) or the plant-derived lipid alpha-linoleic acid (ALA) did not have a beneficial effect in reducing sudden cardiac death in people that had suffered myocardial infarction in the past. A subgroup of women and diabetics, however, showed less risk for arrhythmias when taking ALA alone. These controversial results pose questions and challenges for the future use of these lipids in cardiovascular therapy.
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in treatment of uremic pruritus in hemodialysis patients: a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Background: Uremic pruritus is a common and bothersome complaint among end-stage renal disease which affect between 25% and 60% of this population. But there is no decisive cure for treatment of it. In this study, the effects of omega-3 for treatment of pruritus were investigated in hemodialysis patients.
<i>n</i>-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Leukocyte Telomere Length in Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease; DNA telomere shortening associates with the age-related increase cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Reducing oxidative stress, could modify telomere erosion during cell replication, and CVD risk in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The effect of n-3 fatty acids and coenzyme Q10 (CoQ) on telomere length was studied in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial in CKD. Eighty-five CKD patients were randomized to: n-3 fatty acids (4 g); CoQ (200 mg); both supplements; or control (4 g olive oil), daily for 8 weeks. Telomere length was measured in neutrophils and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) at baseline and 8 weeks, with and without correction for cell counts. Main and interactive effects of n-3 fatty acids and CoQ on telomere length were assessed adjusting for baseline values. F-2-isoprostanes were measured as markers of oxidative stress. There was no effect of n-3 fatty acids or CoQ on neutrophil or PBMC telomere length. However, telomere length corrected for neutrophil count was increased after n-3 fatty acids (p = 0.015). Post-intervention plasma F-2-isoprostanes were negative predictors of post-intervention telomere length corrected for neutrophil count (p = 0.025).The effect of n-3 fatty acids to increased telomere length corrected for neutrophil count may relate to reduced oxidative stress and increased clearance of neutrophils with shorter telomeres from the circulation. This may be a novel mechanism of modifying CVD risk in CKD patients.
Antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 fatty acids; Fish oil, and omega-3 fatty acids in particular, have been found to reduce plasma levels of triglycerides and increase levels of high-density lipoprotein in patients with marked hypertriglyceridemia, and a pharmaceutical-grade preparation has recently received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration to market for this purpose. However, in both bench research studies and clinical trials, evidence for clinically significant antiarrhythmic properties has also been detected in association with omega-3 fatty acid intake. Arguably the most significant finding in this data set was the reduction in the incidence of sudden death in survivors of myocardial infarction in the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevenzione trial and the subsequent recommendation for administration of fish oil as part of the postinfarction regimen in Europe. This article reviews in detail the basic and clinical research studies of fish oil as an antiarrhythmic entity, the forms of preparation and/or administration that appear to possess these properties and those that do not, the types of arrhythmias (ventricular ectopy and atrial fibrillation as well as ventricular tachyarrhythmias) that have been beneficially affected by fish oil administration, and the presumed and known mechanisms by which the beneficial actions are exerted. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
TBI and sex: Crucial role of progesterone protecting the brain in an omega-3 deficient condition; We assessed whether the protective action of progesterone on traumatic brain injury (TBI) could be influenced by the consumption of omega 3 fatty acids during early life. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were fed on omega 3 adequate or deficient diet from 3rd day of pregnancy and their female offspring were kept on the same diets up to the age of 15 weeks. Ovariectomy was performed at the age of 12 weeks to deprive animals from endogenous steroids until the time of a fluid percussion injury (FPI). Dietary n-3 fatty add deficiency increased anxiety in sham animals and TBI aggravated the effects of the deficiency. Progesterone replacement counteracted the effects of TBI on the animals reared under n-3 deficiency. A similar pattern was observed for markers of membrane homeostasis such as 4-Hydroxynonenal (HNE) and secreted phospholipases A2 (sPLA2), synaptic plasticity such as brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), syntaxin (STX)-3 and growth associated protein (GAP)-43, and for growth inhibitory molecules such as myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG) and Nogo-A. Results that progesterone had no effects on sham n-3 deficient animals suggest that the availability of progesterone is essential under injury conditions. Progesterone treatment counteracted several parameters related to synaptic plasticity and membrane stability reduced by FPI and n-3 deficiency suggest potential targets for therapeutic applications. These results reveal the importance of n-3 preconditioning during early life and the efficacy of progesterone therapy during adulthood to counteract weaknesses in neuronal and behavioral plasticity. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 supplementation lowers inflammation in healthy middle-aged and older adults: A randomized controlled trial; Observational studies have linked lower levels of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with inflammation and depression. This study was designed to determine whether n-3 supplementation would decrease serum cytokine production and depressive symptoms in 138 healthy middle-aged and older adults (average age = 51.04, SD = 7.76) who were sedentary and overweight (average BMI = 30.59, SD = 4.50). This three-arm randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind 4-month trial compared responses to (1) 2.5 g/d n-3 PUFAs, or (2) 1.25 g/d n-3 PUFAs, or (3) placebo capsules that mirrored the proportions of fatty acids in the typical American diet. Serum interleukin-6 decreased by 10% and 12% in our low and high dose n-3 groups, respectively, compared to a 36% increase in the placebo group. Similarly, low and high dose n-3 groups showed modest 0.2% and -2.3% changes in serum tumor necrosis factor alpha, compared to a 12% increase in the control group. Depressive symptoms were quite low at baseline and did not change significantly in response to supplementation. Our data suggest that n-3 PUFAs can reduce inflammation in overweight, sedentary middle-aged and older adults, and thus could have broad health benefits. These data provide a window into the ways in which the n-3 PUFAs may impact disease initiation, progression, and resolution.
The role of <i>n</i>-6 and <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the manifestation of the metabolic syndrome in cardiovascular disease and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are manifestations of the metabolic syndrome. CVD remains the number one cause of mortality in the West, while NAFLD is the most common liver disease. Growing evidence suggests that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) influence risk factors including circulating lipids and inflammation on the development of CVD and NAFLD. N - 6 and n - 3 PUFA are comprised of distinct family members, which are increasingly recognized for their individual effects. Therefore, this review examines what is currently known about the specific effects of the major n - 3 and n - 6 PUFA on CVD and NAFLD. Overall,. this review supports a beneficial effect of n - 3 PUFA and highlights distinctive effects between alpha-linolenic acid found in plant oils relative to marine derived eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. This review also highlights contrasting health effects between the n - 6 PUFA, linoleic and arachidonic acid.
Using High-Dose Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements to Lower Triglyceride Levels in 10-to 19-Year-Olds; Background. Omega-3 fatty acids supplements lower triglyceride (TG) levels in adults; little pediatric information is available. We evaluated their effect in hypertriglyceridemic adolescents. Methods. Twenty-five patients aged 10 to 19 years with TG levels 150 to 1000 mg/dL were randomized to 6 months double-blind trial of Lovaza (similar to 3360 mg docosahexaenoic acid + eicosapentaenoic acid per day) versus placebo. Results. Baseline mean TG levels were 227 mg/dL (standard deviation = 49). TG levels declined at 3 months in the Lovaza group by 54 +/- 27 mg/dL (mean +/- standard error; P = .02) and by 34 +/- 26 mg/dL (P = .16) in the placebo group. The difference in TG lowering between groups was not significant (P = .52). There were no between-group differences in endothelial function, blood pressure, body mass index, C-reactive protein, or side effects. Conclusions. High-dose omega-3 fatty acid supplements are well tolerated in adolescents. However, declines in TG levels did not differ significantly from Placebo in this small study.
Serum n-3 and n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Profile as an Independent Predictor of Cardiovascular Events in Hemodialysis Patients; Background: Unlike the n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid (AA), n-3-PUFAs such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) appear to have beneficial effects on inflammation, thrombosis, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). We examined possible alterations in serum PUFA profiles in patients on maintenance hemodialysis therapy and its association with CVD risk.
Identification of six novel microalgal strains and characterization of their potential for development of high-value compounds; In this study, six microalgae strains were isolated from samples collected in alpine regions, identified by 18S rRNA and rbcL gene sequencing, and assessed for their ability to produce biodiesel and high-value compounds. The six strains were isolated from three alpine regions (Daqing, Zhaodong and Zhalong Salt Lake). Phylogenetic neighbor-joining analysis indicated that the strains designated as HDA01, HDA04, and HDA07 belong to the genus Chlorella sp., HDA03 to the genus Scenedesmus sp., HDA05 to the genus Micractinium sp., and HDA06 to the genus Desmodesmus sp. Biomass productivity, lipid yield, fatty acid profiles and other indexes were evaluated to assess whether these strains have potential applications. Chlorella sp. HDA04 has potential as a biodiesel producer, based on its high biomass productivity (3.95 +/- 0.05 gL(-1)), high lipid productivity (472.99 +/- 18.97 mg L(-1)d(-1)), and its fatty acid profiles which meets European standards for biodiesel. Chlorella sp. HDA07 accumulates a high a-linolenic acid (ALA) content (26.12% of total lipids), which makes this strain potentially suitable for production of this high-value product. (C) 2021 SAAB. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Challenges in estimating omega-3 fatty acid content of seafood from US nutrient databases: A salmon case study; A major source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), is fatty fish, i.e. salmon. Compelling evidence shows fish intake decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The American Heart Association recommends the public eat 2 servings (3.5 oz each) of fish (preferably fatty) per week to increase EPA + DHA intake and lower CVD risk. The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends 8 oz of a variety of seafood per week providing an average daily consumption of 250 mg EPA + DHA. "Fish-first" recommendations rely on accurate nutrient databases to estimate the amount of EPA + DHA in fish. Wild salmon vary in total fat and EPA + DNA content depending on location, season. water temperature, age. sex, and diet. The environment of farmed salmon is controlled, but the EPA + DHA content of the feed varies. US researchers primarily rely on the USDA Nutrient Database for food composition information, while consumers likely use commercial websites; however, websites often cite USDA values making the accuracy of the database paramount. Accounting for the inherent EPA + DNA variability in wild salmon and regulating the nutrient content of feed for farmed salmon can provide more stable estimates of EPA + DHA in fish, thereby improving the accuracy of nutrient databases. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of n-3 fatty acids in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular disease; n-3 Fatty acids (FAs) when used in doses of 3-4 g/d eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have profound effects on triacylglycerol (TG) concentrations. The mechanism for their TG reduction relates to their favorable effects on reducing hepatic production and secretion of VLDL and VLDL apolipoprotein B particles, along with favorable effects on plasma lipolytic activity through lipoprotein lipase-mediated clearance, as well as stimulation of beta-oxidation of other FAs in the liver. Their hypotriglyceridemic properties are related to both the dose of n-3 FAs used and the baseline TG concentrations of the population. In patients with TG concentrations >500 mg/dL, 4 g n-3 FAs have been shown to reduce TGs by 45%, VLDL by 42%, and non-HDL by 10.2%. A recent pooled meta-analysis with multiple doses of n-3FAs ranging from 0.8 to 5.4 g revealed changes in TGs of -27 mg/dL (95% CI: -33, -20), in HDL of + 1.6 mg/dL (95% CI: + 0.8, +2.3), and in LDL cholesterol of +6 mg/dL (95% CI: + 3, +8). The clinical uses of n-3 FAs include treatment of severe and moderate hypertriglyceridemia, use in statin-treated patients with elevated TG concentrations or non-HDL cholesterol (mixed hyperlipidemia), and use in the secondary and primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Existing large-scale clinical trials such as the GISSI-Prevenzione Study and JELIS with low doses of n-3 FAs (1-2 g) show clinical benefit in reducing coronary heart disease without substantial changes in concentrations of TGs or other lipids. Future clinical trials need to determine whether the TG-lowering doses of n-3 FAs (3-4 g/d) result in additional risk reduction.
Cardiovascular effects of B-vitamins and/or N-3 fatty acids: The Su.Fol.Om3 trial; Background: Mechanisms involved in coronary stenosis evolution are different than those involved in clinical events. Because of differential vascular effects, N-3 polyunsatured fatty acids (PUFA) and B vitamins could have differential effects on different types of cardiovascular clinical events in high-risk patients.
Does Short-Term Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Influence Brain Hippocampus Gene Expression of Zinc Transporter-3?; Dietary omega-3 fatty acids have been recognized to improve brain cognitive function. Deficiency leads to dysfunctional zinc metabolism associated with learning and memory impairment. The objective of this study is to explore the effect of short-term dietary omega-3 fatty acids on hippocampus gene expression at the molecular level in relation to spatial recognition memory in mice. A total of 24 male BALB/c mice were randomly divided into four groups and fed a standard pellet as a control group (CTL, n = 6), standard pellet added with 10% (w/w) fish oil (FO, n = 6), 10% (w/w) soybean oil (SO, n = 6) and 10% (w/w) butter (BT, n = 6). After 3 weeks on the treatment diets, spatial-recognition memory was tested on a Y-maze. The hippocampus gene expression was determined using a real-time PCR. The results showed that 3 weeks of dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation improved cognitive performance along with the up-regulation of -synuclein, calmodulin and transthyretin genes expression. In addition, dietary omega-3 fatty acid deficiency increased the level of ZnT3 gene and subsequently reduced cognitive performance in mice. These results indicate that the increased the ZnT3 levels caused by the deficiency of omega-3 fatty acids produced an abnormal zinc metabolism that in turn impaired the brain cognitive performance in mice.
Fish intake is associated with a reduced progression of coronary artery atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with coronary artery disease; Background: Higher intakes of fish and n-3 fatty acids are associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular events and mortality. However, limited data exist on the effect of fish intake on actual measures of progression of coronary artery atherosclerosis.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids suppress the inflammatory responses of lipopolysaccharide-stimulated mouse microglia by activating SIRT1 pathways; Obesity and diabetes are known risk factors for dementia, and it is speculated that chronic neuroinflammation contributes to this increased risk. Microglia are brain-resident immune cells modulating the neuroinflammatory state. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the major omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of fish oil, exhibit various effects, which include shifting microglia to the anti-inflammatory phenotype. To identify the molecular mechanisms involved, we examined the impact of EPA, DHA, and EPA + DHA on the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced cytokine profiles and the associated signaling pathways in the mouse microglial line MG6. Both EPA and DHA suppressed the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and IL-6 by LPS-stimulated MG6 cells, and this was also observed in LPS-stimulated BV-2 cells, the other microglial line. Moreover, the EPA + DHA mixture activated SIRT1 signaling by enhancing mRNA level of nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NAMPT), cellular NAD level, SIRT1 protein deacetylase activity, and SIRT1 mRNA levels in LPS-stimulated MG6. EPA + DHA also inhibited phosphorylation of the stress-associated transcription factor NF-KB subunit p65 at Ser536, which is known to enhance NF-KB nuclear translocation and transcriptional activity, including cytokine gene activation. Further, EPA + DHA increased the LO-II/LO-I ratio, an indicator of autophagy. Suppression of TNF-alpha and IL-6 production, inhibition of p65 phosphorylation, and autophagy induction were abrogated by a SIRT1 inhibitor. On the other hand, NAMPT inhibition reversed TNF-alpha suppression but not IL-6 suppression. Accordingly, these omega-3 PUFAs may suppress neuroinflammation through SIRT1-mediated inhibition of the microglial NF-KB stress response and ensue pro-inflammatory cytokine release, which is implicated in NAMPT-related and-unrelated pathways. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pilot, Prospective, Randomized, Double-masked, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial of an Omega-3 Supplement for Dry Eye; Purpose: To investigate the potential effect of dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid on lipid composition of meibum, aqueous tear evaporation, and tear volume in patients with dry eye.
Use of red blood cell fatty-acid profiles as biomarkers in cardiac disease; The Omega-3 Index is defined as the percentage of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid in red blood cell fatty acids, assessed by a standardized methodology. Better than fatty-acid compositions in other compartments, the Omega-3 Index represents a person's status in eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid. An Omega-3 Index less than 4% is associated with a tenfold risk for sudden cardiac death in comparison to an Omega-3 Index greater than 8%. Mechanisms of action are plausible and large-scale intervention studies in humans support causality. A low Omega-3 Index may also be a risk factor for coronary artery disease and for complications of congestive heart failure. Ongoing research will define the value of the Omega-3 Index as a risk factor and treatment parameter more precisely.
Relation of Whole Blood n-3 Fatty Acid Levels to Exercise Parameters in Patients With Stable Coronary Artery Disease (from the Heart and Soul Study); Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular events. Mechanisms underlying this association are poorly understood but may include beneficial effects on physical conditioning and vagal tone. We investigated the association of n-3 fatty acid levels to exercise parameters in 992 subjects with stable coronary artery disease. Cross-sectional associations of heart rate recovery time, treadmill exercise capacity, and exercise time with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) levels were evaluated in multivariable linear and logistic regression models adjusted for demographics, cardiovascular risk factors, co-morbidities, self-reported physical activity, medication use, and left ventricular function. After multivariable adjustment, n-3 fatty acid levels (DHA + EPA) were strongly associated with heart rate recovery (beta 2.1, p = 0.003), exercise capacity (beta 0.8, p <0.0001), and exercise time (beta 0.9, p <0.0001). Increasing levels of (DHA + EPA) were also associated with decreased risk of impaired heart rate recovery (odds ratio 0.8, p = 0.004) and exercise time (odds ratio 0.7, p = 0.01) and trended toward significance for exercise capacity (odds ratio 0.8, p = 0.07). These associations were not modified by demographics, body mass index, smoking, co-morbid conditions, statin use, or P-blocker use (p for interaction >0.1 for all comparisons). In conclusion, an independent association exists between n-3 fatty acid levels and important exercise parameters in patients with stable coronary artery disease. These findings support the hypothesis that n-3 fatty acids may increase vagal tone and physical conditioning. Published by Elsevier Inc. (Am J Cardiol 2011;107:1149-1154)
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease Prevention: Reality or Mirage?; The marine-derived long chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have a broad spectrum of cardioprotective effects. Over the past three decades, accumulated evidence from both observational and interventional studies have demonstrated that increased intake of fish or fish-derived n-3 PUFAs decreases risk of major cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. The benefits of eating fish appear to outweigh the potential risk of mercury exposure fromconsuming fish. Their use, therefore, has been included in the guidelines to prevent CVD in both the general population and in patients with a history of CVD. However, several questions remain regarding their effectiveness in primary prevention, the potential pro-arrhythmic effect, and the optimal dosage needed to achieve the reduction of CVD risk and targeted subpopulation. This article summarizes the most recent scientific data for n-3 PUFAs in the prevention of CVD and risk factors with the aim to address those uncertain areas.
Metabolomics revealed decreased level of omega-3 PUFA-derived protective eicosanoids in pregnant women with pre-eclampsia; Pre-eclampsia (PE) is considered a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in pregnant women worldwide. Eicosanoids derived from polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) might play an important role in the occurrence and development of PE. Omega-3 PUFAs are nutrients that are popular supplements for pregnant women and can reduce blood pressure. However, the levels of eicosanoids derived from omega-3 PUFAs in women with PE is not clear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the eicosanoid metabolic signature of PE. We performed a case-control study using data for pregnant women (n = 10) with PE and normotensive pregnant women (n = 10). We investigated the difference in eicosanoid profile between the groups by LC-MS/MS-based metabolomics. The plasma levels of arachidonic acid metabolites and some of the lipoxygenase metabolites of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) showed an increasing trend, and those of the cytochrome P450 metabolites of EPA and DHA were decreased in women with PE. Levels of leukotriene B4, 14,15-dihydroxy-eicosatetraenoate, 16-hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and 8,9-epoxy eicosatetraenoic acid were significantly correlated with PE occurrence. These eicosanoids might take part in the progression of PE in pregnant women.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on serum adiponectin levels and some metabolic risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common female endocrine disorder associated with several risk factors of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The objectives of this study were to investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on serum adiponectin levels and some metabolic risk factors in PCOS patients. Methods: This double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 64 overweight or obese PCOS patients; aged 20-35 years. Subjects in omega-3 fatty acids (n=32) and placebo (n=32) groups were given 4 omega-3 fatty acids capsules (each one contained 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexanoic acid) or placebo daily for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3-day, 24-hour dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Results: The study was completed by 61 subjects. Omega-3 fatty acids significantly increased serum levels of adiponectin (p=0.003) and decreased glucose (p<0.001), insulin (p=0.002), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (p<0.001), total cholesterol (p=0.002) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p=0.003) compared with placebo. Serum levels of triglyceride significantly decreased (p=0.024) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased (p=0.018) in the omega-3 fatty acids group, in comparison with baseline values. No significant changes were shown in serum high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in both groups. Conclusion: Omega-3 fatty acids had some beneficial effects on serum adiponectin levels, insulin resistance and lipid profile in PCOS patients and may contribute to the improvement of metabolic complications in these patients.
The rationale for the use of parenteral omega-3 lipids in children with short bowel syndrome and liver disease; Parenteral nutrition associated liver disease (PNALD) is the major source of morbidity and mortality in children with short bowel syndrome (SBS). There is emerging evidence that omega-6 fatty acids (omega 6FA) within the parenteral solution play a major role in PNALD and their effects may be reversed or ameliorated by substitution with omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3FA). This paper reviews the mechanisms whereby omega 3FAs may influence PNALD by improving bile flow, inhibiting steatosis, and having immunomodulatory effects. The early clinical experience with omega 3FAs in SBS and PNALD is briefly reviewed and the implications of such, and future directions are considered.
Secondary prevention of heart disease - knowledge among cardiologists and Ω-3 (Omega-3) fatty acid prescribing behaviors in Karachi, Pakistan; Background: The use of omega-3 fatty acids is a currently proven strategy for secondary prevention of heart disease. The prescription practices for this important nutraceutical is not currently known. It is imperative to assess the knowledge of cardiologists regarding the benefits of omega-3 fatty acids and to determine the frequency of its prescription. The aim of the study was to determine the practices and associations of dietary fish prescribing among cardiologists of Karachi and to assess their knowledge of fish oil supplementation and attitudes toward dietary practices.
The Microbial and Metabolic Signatures of Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease; Growing evidence indicates an association between gut dysbiosis and coronary artery disease (CAD). However, the underlying mechanisms relevant to stable CAD (SCAD) pathogenesis, based on microbe-host metabolism interactions, are poorly explored. Here, we constructed a quasi-paired cohort based on the metabolic background of metagenomic samples by the propensity score matching (PSM) principle. Compared to healthy controls (HCs), gut microbiome disturbances were observed in SCAD patients, accompanied by differences in serum metabolome, mainly including elevated acylcarnitine and decreased unsaturated fatty acids in SCAD patients, which implicated the reduced cardiac fatty acid oxidation. Moreover, we identified Ralstonia pickettii as the core strain responsible for impaired microbial homeostasis in SCAD patientsm and may be partly responsible for the decrease of host unsaturated fatty acid levels. These findings highlight the importance of unsaturated fatty acids, R. pickettii, and their interaction in the pathogenesis of SCAD.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid plus vitamin E Co-Supplementation on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Dyslipidemia is linked to chronic inflammation, which in return leads to a set of chronic disorders. Omega-3 fatty acids have been reported to reduce inflammation. Furthermore, Vitamin E is a fat-soluble vitamin which has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. Vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementations may be more effective than the single supplementation in control dyslipidemia. Therefore, we designed and conducted the current systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the effect of co-supplementation of vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids on the lipid profile.
n-3 fatty acids and the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is defined as the coexistence of 3 or more components, some of which indicate alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is rapidly increasing in relation to obesity, and it is considered to be an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Increased intakes or supplements of n-3 marine fatty acids may improve defects in insulin signaling and prevent alterations in glucose homeostasis and the further development of type 2 diabetes. This is largely mediated through a reduction in fatty acid accumulation in muscle and liver. n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) reduce plasma triacylglycerols and improve the lipoprotein profile by decreasing the fraction of atherogenic small, dense LDL. However, n-3 PUFAs do not lower LDL cholesterol. These effects are likely mediated through the activity of transcription factors relating to expression of genes involved in lipid oxidation and synthesis. Other pleiotrophic effects of n-3 PUFAs may contribute to decreasing the burden of the metabolic syndrome, such as modulating inflammation, platelet activation, endothelial function, and blood pressure. Although studies comparing the effect of both major n-3 PUFAs are limited, docosahexaenoic acid appears at least as efficient as eicosapentaenoic acid in correcting several risk factors. The use of n-3 PUFAs should be considered in more global strategies including changes in lifestyle, such as adhering to a healthy Mediterranean type of diet and practicing regular physical exercise.
Impact of Different Doses of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Cardiovascular Outcomes: a Pairwise and Network Meta-analysis; Purpose of ReviewOmega-3 fatty acid (O3FA) supplementation has shown conflicting evidence regarding its benefit in cardiovascular events. We performed a pairwise and network meta-analysis to elucidate the benefit of different doses of O3FA supplementation in cardiovascular prevention.Recent FindingsFourteen studies were identified providing data on 125,763 patients. A prespecified cut-off value of <1 g per day was set for low-dose (LD) O3FA and >1 g per day for high-dose (HD) O3FA. The efficacy outcomes of interest were total death, cardiac death, sudden cardiac death, myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization, unstable angina, and major vascular events. Safety outcomes of interest were bleeding, gastrointestinal disturbances, and atrial fibrillation events. HD treatment was associated with a lower risk of cardiac death (IRR 0.79, 95% CI [0.65-0.96], p=0.03 versus control), myocardial infarction (0.71 [0.62-0.82], p<0.0001 versus control and 0.79 [0.67-0.92], p=0.003 versus LD), coronary revascularization (0.74 [0.66-0.83], p<0.0001 versus control and 0.74 [0.66-0.84], p<0.0001 versus LD), unstable angina (0.73 [0.62-0.86], p=0.0001 versus control and 0.74 [0.62-0.89], p=0.002 versus LD), and major vascular events (0.78 [0.71-0.85], p<0.0001 versus control and 0.79 [0.72-0.88], p<0.0001 versus LD). HD treatment was associated with increased risk for bleeding events (1.49 [1.2-1.84], p=0.0002 versus control and 1.63 [1.16-2.3], p=0.005 versus LD) and increased atrial fibrillation events compared to control (1.35 [1.1-1.66], p=0.004).SummaryHD O3FA treatment was associated with lower cardiovascular events compared to LD and to control, but increased risk for bleeding and atrial fibrillation events.
Plasma eicosapentaenoic acid is negatively associated with all-cause mortality among men and women in a population-based prospective study; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory properties, whereas omega 6 PUFAs appear to have proinflammatory properties. We aimed to assess plasma omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA status in relation to all-cause mortality in an Australian community-based study. We hypothesized that omega-3 PUFA would be inversely associated, and omega-6 PUFA positively associated with all-cause mortality. Plasma phospholipid omega-3 (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA], docosapentaenoic acid [DPA], docosahexaenoic acid, a-linolenic acid, and total) and omega-6 PUFAs (linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, and total) were measured among 1008 adults (44% men) in 1996. Plasma PUFA composition was quantified using gas chromatography. During 17-year follow up, 98 men and 81 women died. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, plasma EPA was inversely associated with all-cause mortality overall (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] per 1-SD increase, 0.81; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.68-0.95), in men (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.62-0.98), and in women (HR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.65-0.94), separately. Inverse associations with mortality among men were also seen for DPA (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.60-0.97) and a-linolenic acid (HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.57-0.94). No omega-6 PUFAs were significantly associated with mortality. Our findings of reduced all-cause mortality in men and women who have high EPA in plasma, and in men with high plasma DPA and ce-linolenic acid, partially support our hypothesis that omega-3 PUFAs help reduce mortality but provide no evidence that omega-6 PUFAs may increase mortality. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Single-blinded, randomized, and controlled clinical trial evaluating the effects of Omega-3 fatty acids among septic patients with intestinal dysfunction: A pilot study; Sepsis is a systemic inflammatory reaction, which is aggravated by aspects of the immune response that are thought to be inhibited by Omega-3 fatty acids. The aim of the present study was to determine if Omega-3 fatty acid could modulate immunological function and improve survival rate among septic patients with intestinal dysfunction. A total of 48 mechanically ventilated patients with intestinal dysfunction were included in this prospective, randomized and single-blind clinical study. Patients were randomly divided into control (group A) and treatment groups (group B). The treatment protocol for all the participants followed the Sepsis Survival Campaign guidelines, and group B received total parenteral nutrition containing 100 ml of Omega-3 fatty acids (containing 10 g refined fish oil) per day in addition to the standard treatment applied in group A. Group B had a significantly lower mortality rate compared with group A (12.5 vs. 41.7%, P<0.05) during the 28-day follow-up. Group B also had lower Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II scores (P<0.05) and lower Marshall scores (P<0.05) at day 7. In addition, group B had a higher ratio of T helper to inducer lymphocytes as well as a higher ratio of CD4 to CD8 lymphocytes (P<0.01 for both) than group A. It was concluded that Omega-3 fatty acids improved T helper/inducer and CD4/CD8 ratios, and may have reduced mortality, among septic patients with intestinal dysfunction.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce vascular tone and inflammation in human saphenous vein; Dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been reported to have beneficial cardiovascular effects. However, little is known about the effect of EPA and DHA on human vascular tone. Therefore, the aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of EPA and DHA on vascular tone of the human saphenous vein (SV) obtained from patients undergoing coronary bypass operation under normal and inflammatory conditions. Moreover, we aimed to investigate the effect of EPA and DHA on the release of inflammatory mediators from SV. Pretreatment of SV with EPA and DHA (100 mu M, 18 h) decreased the contractile response of SV to norepinephrine (NE) under normal and inflammatory conditions. Moreover, EPA and DHA pretreatment diminished increased Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1 (MCP-1) and Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) release from SV under inflammatory conditions. In conclusion, our results suggest that EPA and DHA pretreatment may be beneficial to counteract graft vasospasm and vascular inflammation in SV which are important factors in graft failure development. Therefore, dietary intake of EPA and DHA may have potential clinical applications in improving coronary bypass graft patency.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids in prevention of early preterm delivery: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized studies; Objective: Preterm birth continues to be the one of the leading causes of infant deaths worldwide. There is a need for effective, easily available, safe and acceptable interventions to prevent preterm delivery, especially before 34 weeks of gestation. Omega-3 fatty acids such as EPA (eicosapentanoic acid) and DHA (docosahexanoic acid) are available as over the counter nutritional supplements, and are taken by women to improve pregnancy outcomes, without any clear recommendations. We undertook a systematic review to assess the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on early (<34 weeks) and any (<37 weeks) preterm delivery.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on lipids and lipoproteins in patients treated with chronic haemodialysis: a randomized placebo-controlled intervention study; Background. Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) have an increased mortality, mainly due to cardiovascular disease (CVD). ESRD is accompanied by several lipid abnormalities, which may be responsible for part of the increased risk of CVD in this population. n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) lower plasma triglycerides in patients with normal renal function. The aim of the present study was to examine the effect of n-3 PUFA on serum lipid and lipoproteins in patients treated with chronic haemodialysis (H D).
Antiarrhythmic Activity of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Patients With Stable Ischemic Heart Disease and Ventricular Rhythm Disturbances; The purpose of this investigation is to evaluate the influence of purified highly-concentrated omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (90% omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids 1g/day) on the severe ventricular arrythmias in patients with stable coronary heart disease (CHD) without concomitant left ventricular contractivity impairment. Materials and methods. 43 patients with stable CHD (26 male and 17 female, aged 66,2 8,3) with ejection fraction above 45% with unstable paroxysms of ventricular tachycardia detected at Holter ECG monitoring that received 1g/day w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids during 1 month. 23 patients continued treatment for one month extra, while 20 stopped receiving after one month. ECG monitoring was repeated monthly. Results. In one month after started receiving 90% w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids the mean heart rate reduced by 2,4%, the number of single extrasystoles reduced by 20,1% (p=0.01), the number of paired extrasystoles reduced by 47% (p=0.0018) and the number of paroxysms reduced by 49% (p=0.0029). In 41.9% patients no paroxysms have been registered after one month. When continuously receiving w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids during the second month, the treatment efficiency increases, while the receiving been stopped after one month, the effect is reduced but remains. Conclusion. 1g/day w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids application in-patients with stable CHD without myocardium contraction dysfunction suffering from ventricular arrhythmias (4B grade after B.Lown) with no direct indications for implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy results in significant reduction of arrhythmia.
Effect of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on inflammation and metabolic markers in hypertensive and/or diabetic obese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Obesity is a degree of excess weight that predisposes people to metabolic syndromes via an inflammatory mechanism. Hypertensive and diabetic people have higher risks of developing systemic inflammation. Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC omega-3 PUFAs) can reduce the cardiovascular events and help against inflammation.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Resolution of Inflammation: Novel Therapeutic Opportunities for Aortic Valve Stenosis?; Inflammation is well-established in cardiovascular disease, including valvular heart disease. Inflammation is a key process in the fibrosis and calcification of the aortic valve leaflets, which ultimately clinically manifest as aortic valve stenosis characterized by valve dysfunction and cardiac obstruction. In the absence of pharmacological treatment, either surgical or transcatheter aortic valve replacement is currently the only available therapeutic strategy for patients with severe aortic valve stenosis. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which exert beneficial effects in several cardiovascular diseases, serve as the substrate for several bioactive lipid mediators that regulate inflammation. Recent findings point to the beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiac valves, being inversely associated with aortic valve calcification and contributing to the resolution of valvular inflammation by means of the pro-resolving mediator resolvin E1 and downstream signaling through its receptor ChemR23.
Omega-3 fatty acids: Their role in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis related risk factors and complications; Fatty acids are an important source of energy which can have an influence on serum lipids. Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, both polyunsaturated fatty acids, have been advocated as replacement for saturated fat. Omega-3 fatty acids, derived from fish and certain green plants, lower serum triglycerides, but they have also been shown to have a direct effect on myocardial contractility, blood pressure, platelet function, coagulation factors, cell-mediated immunity and markers of inflammation. Recently available clinical trial data, including those using the concentrated omega-3 fatty acid preparation Omacor, indicate that omega-3 fatty acids are valuable in preventing sudden death following myocardial infarction. Studies indicate that omega-3 fatty acids are just as effective as, or have a benefit superior to, statins in secondary prevention. Omacor is also useful in the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia, both as monotherapy and in combination with statins.
Could omega-3 fatty acids a therapeutic treatment of the immune-metabolic consequence of intermittent hypoxia in obstructive sleep apnea?; Obesity and Obstructive sleep Apnea (OSA) seems to bi-directional; obesity itself increases the risk of OSA, but on the other hand, OSA may also predispose the individuals to weight gain, both obesity and OSA share a common immune-metabolic link state which have a synergistic effect on the activation of inflammation, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. The Immune-metabolic role of omega-3 fatty acids Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), which capable of modulating both metabolic and immune process, which may decrease pro-inflammatory cytokines, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. To date, no study in humans suffering from OSA and omega-3 fatty acids has been performed. Hence, the objective of this review aimed to discussing the link between immune-metabolic consequences related to intermittent hypoxia and does Omega-3 fatty acids a therapeutic treatment for co-morbidity associated with obstructive sleep apnea. (C) 2016 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Pediatric Metabolic Syndrome; Concomitantly with the increasing prevalence of childhood obesity, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is rising among children and adolescents, leading to fears for future epidemics of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in the young. MetS includes central obesity, hypertension, low HDL cholesterol, high triglycerides, and elevated concentrations of fasting blood glucose. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is the most common cause of chronic liver disease both in adults and children, is currently considered as the hepatic component of MetS. Growing evidence suggests that n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) may have a beneficial role on many factors associated with MetS, including circulating lipids and low-grade chronic inflammation. Recently, there has also been growing interest in n-3 LC-PUFAs supplementation as potential treatment for NAFLD, which is pathogenically linked to insulin resistance and involves inflammation in its advanced stages. Problems of adherence to lifestyle interventions, especially in children, and side effects with pharmacological agents make the dietary fish oil supplementation a simple and practical alternative therapy. Fish oil provides a convenient source of essential n-3 LC-PUFA with few side effects, and may directly decrease circulating lipids, hepatic lipogenesis and steatosis, and chronic inflammation. In this review, we examine observational and interventional studies assessing in children and adolescents the potential impact of dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation on MetS components including NAFLD, and discuss the mechanisms underlying the actions of n-3 LC-PUFA on multiple risk factors associated with MetS.
Dietary fatty acids and human health; A considerable amount of evidence has accumulated to support the view that the very long chain omega 3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) have beneficial cardiovascular and anti-inflammatory properties and that levels of their consumption are insufficient in most Western diets. More recently, attention has been given to the possibility that the precursor omega-3 PUFA, alpha linolenic acid (ALNA), may share some of the beneficial actions of EPA/DHA on human health. Further research into the metabolism and physiological actions of ALNA, and comparisons with EPA/DHA, is needed before conclusions regarding the optimal amounts and types of omega-3 PUFA for human health can be defined. Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), which arises as a metabolic by-product of rumen hydrogenation and which is found in foods of animal origin, has been proposed to possess potent health promoting properties, but much of this research has been conducted in experimental animals. There is an urgent need for complementary studies in human volunteers, to confirm the putative anti-carcinogenic, anti-atherogenic, anti-lipogenic and immune-suppressive properties of CLA.
Primary prevention in cardiovascular disease: moving out of the shadows of the truth about death; Aim: This review identifies deficits in current educational efforts for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Data synthesis: Essential fatty acids in the foods we eat have a subtle but powerful influence on hundreds of different processes in the life and death of humans, understanding of which has been delayed by two attitudes in the biomedical community. One involves a bias towards expensive curative/treatment interventions that neglect prevention of initial nutritional causes of disease and death, and the other involves careless logic in interpreting evidence of causes of disease and death. Both attitudes interfere with translation of published science of essential fatty acids into effective prevention of cardiovascular deaths, a situation made worse by a widespread wish for simple descriptions of complex interactions in disease. Some clinical signs and risk factors may be only shadows of true causal factors. For example, attention to cholesterol ignored important evidence that nutritional imbalances in expenditure/intake of energy and in omega-3/omega-6 essential fatty acids cause cardiovascular disease. Balancing the few percentage of daily calories in omega-3/6mega-6 nutrients is not a question of obesity or blood cholesterol. Effective prevention through education will require targeting the causal risk factors that are known beyond the shadow of a doubt, but seldom discussed by health professionals and the public.
PUFA ω-3 and ω-6 biomarkers and sleep: a pooled analysis of cohort studies on behalf of the Fatty Acids and Outcomes Research Consortium (FORCE); Background: n-3 and n-6 PUFAs have physiologic roles in sleep processes. but little is known regarding circulating n-3 and n-6 PUFA and sleep parameters.
The effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on stroke treatment and prevention: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: in recent years, n-3 PUFAs have been confirmed to be associated with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, but the link between n-3 PUFAs and stroke remains controversial.
Omega-3 PUFA Alters the Expression Level but Not the Methylation Pattern of the WIF1 Gene Promoter in a Pancreatic Cancer Cell Line (MIA PaCa-2); Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of death in both males and females, with a 5-year relative survival rate of 8%. The Wnt signaling pathway has a significant role in the pathogenesis of many tumors, including those of pancreatic cancer. Hypermethylation of the Wnt inhibitory Factor-1 (WIF1) gene promoter have been detected in different types of cancer. In contrast, the anticancer effects of long-chain omega-3 PUFA (ALA) have been reported. Regarding its anticancer effects, in this study, we investigated the effects of various concentrations of omega-3 PUFA on expression level and promoter methylation of the WIF1 gene in MIA PaCa-2 cells in 24, 48, and 72h after treatment. MIA PaCa-2 cells were treated with different concentrations of omega-3 PUFA (25, 50, 100, 250, 500, and 1000 mu M). Cell viability assay was carried out followed by quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and methylation-specific PCR (MSP). This investigation suggested that dietary consumption of omega-3 PUFAs (250-1000 mu M) has a significant effect on the proliferation and WIF1 gene expression of the MIA PaCa-2 cancer cell line but no effect on the promoter methylation of this gene. Changes in promoter methylation were not observed in any of the treatments.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on hemoglobin, hematocrit, and platelet levels of patients with ESRD condition undergoing dialysis; Background: Concomitant inflammation may boost the cardiovascular complications in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD). Omega-3 fatty acids may have certain health benefits in HD patients. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (HB) level and platelet (PLT) counts of HD patients. Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted on HD patients at a private dialysis center in Rasht, Iran. Three omega-3 fatty acid supplement capsules (3 g/d) were administered daily for two months to patients in the intervention group (n = 55). The control group (n = 60) were given three placebo capsules containing medium chain triglyceride (MCT) oil, similar to the supplemental dose of the intervention group at the same period. Three parameters of HCT, HB and PLT were measured at baseline and after the intervention. Results: The PLT count decreased in the intervention group compared to the control group (173.38 +/- 74.76 vs. 227.68 +/- 86.58 103/mm3, F = 4.83, P = 0.03). No significant change was found on the levels of HCT and HB parameters between the two groups after the intervention. Conclusion: Omega-3 supplementation in HD patients may decrease the risk of forming blood clots in the blood vessels. Further studies are warranted.
Effects of 1-Year Treatment With Highly Purified Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Depression After Myocardial Infarction: Results From the OMEGA Trial; Objective: The effects of supplementation of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on prevalence and severity of depression were evaluated in patients after a myocardial infarction.
High fish intake rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduces cardiovascular disease incidence in healthy adults: The ATTICA cohort study (2002-2022); Background: The long-term effects of high fish intake rich in n-3 fatty acids for deterring cardiovascular disease (CVD) and related adverse outcomes in healthy individuals have not been yet elucidated.Purpose: To evaluate the association between total seafood, as well as small fish, intake on 10- and 20-year CVD incidence and mortality in healthy adults.Methods: A prospective cohort study (n = 2,020) was conducted in healthy community dwelling adults in Athens, Greece, selected following age- and sex-based random multistage sampling (mean +/- SD age at baseline: 45.2 +/- 14.0 years). Seafood (high (>2 servings/week) vs. low (<= 2 servings/week) intake), including small fish rich in n-3 fatty acids (high (>1 serving/week) vs. low (<= 1 serving/week) intake), consumption was evaluated by semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire at baseline. The occurrence of non-fatal and/or fatal CVD events (ICD-10) was assessed during 10- and 20-year follow-up periods.Results: Only 32.7% and 9.6% of participants had high seafood and small fish intakes, respectively. Participants with high seafood intake had 27% decreased 10-year CVD risk (adj. HR:0.73; 95% CI:0.55-0.98) and 74% lower attributable mortality (adj. HR:0.26; 95% CI:0.11-0.58). Participants with high seafood intake also sustained a 24% lower 20-year risk of CVD mortality (adj. HR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.55-0.98). Moreover, participants with high small fish intake had a lower 10-year CVD risk and 76% decreased risk of 10-year CVD mortality (adj. HR:0.24; 95% CI:0.06-0.99), even among normotensive individuals (adj. HR:0.31; 95% CI:0.13-0.73). When analogous analyses focused on 20-year CVD incidence and mortality, similar but not significant associations were observed (all p-values >0.10).Conclusion: High intake of seafood, and particularly small fish rich in n-3 fatty acids, was associated with a lower risk of 10-year fatal and non-fatal CVD. Thus, public health interventions aimed at enhancing small fish consumption may most effectively deter long-term CVD outcomes, particularly among low risk normotensive individuals.
Lack of influence of ω-3 fatty acid-enriched lipids on apoptosis and secondary necrosis of cultured human lymphocytes; OBJECTIVE: The anti-inflammatory properties of parenteral nutrition might be improved by enrichment with co-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which are responsible for the enhanced release of metabolites derived from eicosapentaenoic acid. Under physiologic conditions, lymphocyte populations are regulated by cellular mechanisms such as apoptosis. In contrast to cell death by necrosis, apoptosis does not induce an inflammatory response that might injure the host.
Preventive Supplementation of Omega-3 Reduces Pain and Pro-inflammatory Cytokines in a Mouse Model of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Type I; Complex regional pain syndrome type I (CRPS-I) is a condition that responds poorly to treatments. The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of inflammatory disorders is well described in the literature; however, few studies have evaluated its therapeutic benefits in different types of pain. We evaluated the potential antihyperalgesic and anti-inflammatory effects of preventive omega-3 supplementation in an animal model of CRPS-I. In experiment 1, Swiss female mice were supplemented for 30 days with omega-3 before the induction of the CRPS-I model and 14 days after. Mechanical hyperalgesia was evaluated at baseline and from the 4th to the 14th day after CPRS-I induction along with open field locomotor activity after 30 days of supplementation. In experiment 2, Swiss female mice were supplemented for 30 days with omega-3 and then subjected to the CRPS-I model. Twenty-four hours later the animals were euthanized, and tissue samples of the spinal cord and right posterior paw muscle were taken to measure pro-inflammatory cytokine TNF and IL-1 beta concentrations. Omega-3 supplementation produced antihyperalgesic and anti-inflammatory effects, as well as reducing pro-inflammatory cytokine concentrations, without altering the animals' locomotion. No open field locomotor changes were found. The 30-day supplementation at the tested dose was effective in the CRPS-I model.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters on postprandial arterial elasticity in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia; Background: Impaired arterial elasticity reflects increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Treatment with omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (co- 3FAEEs) in FH patients has been shown to improve postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) metabolism, including TRL-apolipoprotein(a) [TRL-apo(a)]. Whether co-3FAEE intervention also improves postprandial arterial elasticity in FH has not been demonstrated.Methods: We carried out an 8-week open-label, randomized, crossover trial to test the effect of co-3FAEEs (4 g/day) on postprandial arterial elasticity in 20 FH subjects following ingestion of an oral fat load. Fasting and postprandial large (C1) and small (C2) artery elasticity at 4 and 6 h were measured by pulse contour analysis of the radial artery. The area under-the-curves (AUCs) (0-6 h) for C1, C2, plasma tri-glycerides and TRL-apo(a) were determined using the trapezium rule.Results: Compared with no treatment, co-3FAEEs significantly increased fasting (+9%, P < 0.05) and postprandial C1 at 4 h (+13%, P < 0.05) and at 6 h (+10%, P < 0.05), with improvement in the postprandial C1 AUC (+10%, P < 0.01). co-3FAEEs also decreased postprandial triglyceride and TRL-apo(a) AUCs (-17% and-19%, respectively, P < 0.05). co-3FAEEs had no significant effect on fasting and postprandial C2. The change in C1 AUC was inversely associated with the changes in the AUC of triglycerides (r =-0.609, P < 0.01) and TRL-apo(a) (r =-0.490, P < 0.05).Conclusions: High-dose co-3FAEEs improves postprandial large artery elasticity in adults with FH. Reduction in postprandial TRL-apo(a) with co-3FAEEs may contribute to the improvement in large artery elasticity. However, our findings need to be confirmed in a larger population. Clinical trial registration: https://www.clinicaltrials.com/NCT01577056.(c) 2023 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on cardio-metabolic and oxidative stress parameters in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) have been suggested as a beneficial supplement in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, but the results of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) are controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate all the RCTs about the impact of omega-3 FAs supplementation on cardiometabolic outcomes and oxidative stress parameters in patients with CKD. Methods We performed a systematic database search in PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central, up to May 2020. We included all placebo-controlled randomized trials that assessed the effect of omega-3 FAs supplementation on any cardiometabolic outcomes: blood pressure, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) or triglycerides (TG) and oxidative stress parameters. Data were pooled using DerSimonian-Laird's random-effects model. Results Finally, thirteen articles met the inclusion criteria for this review omega-3 FAs supplementation significantly decrease TC (SMD: -0.26; 95% CI: - 0.51, - 0.02; I-2 = 52.7%), TG (SMD: -0.22; 95% CI: - 0.43, - 0.02; I-2 = 36.0%) and Malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (SMD: -0.91; 95% CI: - 1.29, - 0.54; I-2 = 00.0%) and also significantly increase superoxide dismutase (SOD) (SMD: 0.58; 95% CI: 0.27, 0.90; I-2 = 00.0%) and Glutathione peroxidase (GPx) (SMD: 0.50; 95% CI: 0.14, 0.86; I-2 = 00.0%) activities. However our results show that omega-3 FAs supplementation have no significant effects on HDL, LDL and blood pressure. Conclusion This systematic review and meta-analysis supports current evidence for the clinical benefit of omega-3 FAs intake to improve cardiometabolic parameters in CKD patients. However, well-designed RCTs still needed to provide a conclusive picture in this field.
A Fishy Topic: VITAL, REDUCE-IT, STRENGTH, and Beyond: Putting Omega-3 Fatty Acids into Practice in 2021; Purpose of Review To examine recently published data from clinical outcome and arteriographic studies that examined the addition of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexanoic acid (DHA), to standard of care therapy on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Recent Findings Several trials that tested purified EPA (JELIS, REDUCE-IT, EVAPORATE) were associated with reduced CVD risk and regression of low attenuation coronary plaque volume, whereas studies that employed the combination EPA/DHA (VITAL, OMEMI, STRENGTH) failed to derive clinical benefit. Trials testing purified EPA consistently demonstrated reduction in atheromatous volume or CVD events beyond standard of care therapies, whereas the combination of EPA/DHA did not, despite producing similar reductions in triglycerides. Experimental and in vitro data suggest that compared to DHA, EPA exhibits antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and membrane stabilizing properties that enhance vascular function and CVD risk. Consequently, purified EPA appears to be the treatment of choice for high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Gene transfer of the <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i> n-3 fatty acid desaturase inhibits neuronal apoptosis; Previous studies have shown that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can exert an antiapoptotic effect on neurons. The present study was designed to investigate whether the Caenorhabditis elegans fat-1 gene encoding an n-3 fatty acid desaturase (an enzyme that converts n-6 PUFAs to corresponding n-3 PUFAs) can be expressed functionally in rat cortical neurons and whether its expression can change the ratio of n-6 : n-3 fatty acids in the cell membrane and exert an effect on neuronal apoptosis. Infection of primary rat cortical cultures with Ad-fat-1 resulted in high expression of the fat-1 gene. Lipid analysis indicated a decrease in the ratio of n-6 : n-3 PUFAs from 5.9 : 1 in control cells, to 1.45 : 1 in cells expressing the n-3 fatty acid desaturase. Accordingly, the levels of prostaglandin E-2, an eicosanoid derived from n-6 PUFA, were significantly lower in cells infected with Ad-fat-1 when compared with control cells. Finally, there was a significant inhibition of growth factor withdrawal-induced apoptotic cell death in neurons expressing the fat-1 gene. These results demonstrate that expression of the fat-1 gene can inhibit apoptotic cell death in neurons and suggest that the change in the n-6 : n-3 fatty acid ratio may play a key role in this protective effect.
Fish, n-3 fatty acids, and cardiovascular haemodynamics; Consistent evidence indicates that modest consumption of fish or fish oil supplementation lowers the incidence of cardiac death and possibly other cardiovascular events. Precise physiologic mechanisms accounting for such reduced clinical risk are not well understood. Animal-experimental studies, randomized trials, and large observational studies indicate that consumption of fish and marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) affects cardiac haemodynamics. Independent effects include lowering of systemic vascular resistance (reducing systolic blood pressure by similar to 3-5 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure by similar to 2-3 mmHg); reduction of resting heart rate (by similar to 3 bpm); and improvement of cardiac diastolic filling (by means of potential improvement in both active relaxation and passive compliance). Stroke volume increases, apparently a secondary effect of lower vascular resistance, slower heart rate, and improved filling; direct effects on resting contractility or cardiac output are not evident. These haemodynamic effects could in part account for clinical benefits of fish or fish oil intake, including lower risk of cardiac death and possibly ischaemic stroke, heart failure, cognitive decline, and nonfatal coronary events.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation affects pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: This study was designed to assess the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory factors, biomarkers of oxidative stress, and pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM).Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed among 56 women with GDM. Subjects were randomly selected to receive either 1000mg omega-3 fatty acid supplements (containing 180mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120mg docosahexanoic acid) (n=27) or a placebo (n=27) for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at study baseline and after 6 weeks of intervention to quantify biochemical variables. Newborn's weight, height, head circumference, Apgar score, and hyperbilirubinemia were determined.Results: At the end of the 6 weeks, taking omega-3 fatty acid significantly decreased serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (change from baseline: -245.11570.5 versus+913.9 +/- 2329.4ng/mL, p=0.03) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations (-0.4 +/- 1.3 versus+0.6 +/- 2.3, p=0.04) compared with the placebo. Supplementation with omega-3 had a low incidence of hyperbilirubinemiain newborns (7.7% versus 33.3%, p=0.02) and decreased newborns' hospitalization rate (7.7% versus 33.3%, p=0.02).Conclusions: Taken together, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in GDM women had beneficial effects on maternal serum hs-CRP, plasma MDA levels, incidence of newborn's hyperbilirubinemia, and hospitalization.
Dietary and Biological Assessment of the Omega-3 Status of Collegiate Athletes: A Cross-Sectional Analysis; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) are associated with cardiovascular health, brain function, reduction of inflammation, and several other physiological roles of importance to competitive athletes. The omega-3 FA status of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I athletes has not been well-described. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the omega-3 FA status of NCAA Division I athletes using dietary and biological assessment methodology. Athletes from nine NCAA Division I institutions from throughout the U.S. (n = 1,528, 51% male, 34 sports represented, 19.9 +/- 1.4 years of age) completed a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess omega-3 FA from diet and supplements. Omega-3 Index (O3i) was evaluated in a sub-set of these participants (n = 298, 55% male, 21 sports represented, 20.0 +/- 1.3 years of age) using dried blood spot sampling. Only 6% (n = 93) of athletes achieved the Academy of Nutrition & Dietetics' recommendation to consume 500 mg DHA+EPA per day. Use of omega-3 FA supplements was reported by 15% (n = 229) of participants. O3i was 4.33 +/- 0.81%, with no participants meeting the O3i benchmark of 8% associated with the lowest risk of cardiovascular disease. Every additional weekly serving of fish or seafood was associated with an absolute O3i increase of 0.27%. Overall, sub-optimal omega-3 FA status was observed among a large, geographically diverse group of male and female NCAA Division I athletes. These findings may inform interventions aimed at improving omega-3 FA status of collegiate athletes. Further research on athlete-specific omega-3 FA requirements is needed.
Stearidonic Acid-Enhanced Soybean Oil: A Plant-Based Source of (n-3) Fatty Acids for Foods; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have been reported to have a variety of cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric benefits. Although obtaining the preformed fatty acids EPA and DHA from their traditional source (fish) is optimal, such an approach may not be realistic for meeting the world's growing demand for (n-3) fatty acids; therefore, a more sustainable and dependable source is needed. Stearidonic acid (SDA) is a metabolic precursor of EPA that can be provided by SDA-enhanced soybean oil. Such a product can provide a sustainable source of (n-3) fatty acids that does not endanger fish stocks. Two clinical trials have demonstrated that SDA-enhanced soybean oil can significantly improve an emerging marker of cardiovascular health, the omega-3 index (RBC EPA+DHA). The increase in the Index seen in these trials was used to estimate the potential clinical benefit of SDA consumption based on prior prospective cohort studies. In this analysis, risk for sudden cardiac death and the rate of cellular aging would both theoretically be reduced. The lower risk for major cardiac events seen in the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (which used EPA supplementation) suggests that raising EPA tissue levels, independent of changes in DHA, can have clinical benefit. Thus, the consumption of foods containing SDA-enhanced soybean oil may be both a practical and sustainable approach to enriching tissues with beneficial (n-3) fatty acids. J. Nutr. 142: 600S-604S, 2012.
Recent evidence of the role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood pressure control and hypertension-related complications; Despite the development of more efficacious and safe pharmacological treatments, cardiovascular diseases are always the leading cause of death and invalidity in developed countries and in most developing countries. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish and fish oils appear to protect against coronary heart disease. Recent evidence suggests that a part of their protective effect is mediated by a relatively small but significant decrease in blood pressure level. In fact, omega-3 PLIFAs exhibit wide-ranging biological actions that include regulating both vasomotor tone and renal sodium excretion, partly competing with omega-6 PUFAs for common metabolic enzymes and thereby decreasing the production of vasocostrincting rather than vasodilating and anti-inflammatory elcosanoids. The final result is improved vasodilation and arterial compliance of both small and large arteries. Preliminary clinical trials involving dysilpidemic patients, diabetics and elderly subjects, in addition to normotensive and hypertensive subjects, confirm this working hypothesis.
Cardiovascular effects of marine omega-3 fatty acids; Much evidence shows that the marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have beneficial effects in various cardiac disorders, and their use is recommended in guidelines for management of patients after myocardial infarction. However, questions have been raised about their usefulness alongside optimum medical therapies with agents proven to reduce risk of cardiac events in high-risk patients. Additionally, there is some evidence for a possible pro-arrhythmic effect in subsets of cardiac patients. Some uncertainly exists about the optimum dose needed to obtain beneficial effects and the relative merit of dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids versus supplements. We review evidence for the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on various cardiac disorders and the risk factors for cardiac disease. We also assess areas of uncertainty needing further research.
Impact of postoperative omega-3 fatty acid-supplemented parenteral nutrition on clinical outcomes and immunomodulations in colorectal cancer patients; AIM: To investigate the effect of omega-3 fatty acid parenteral supplementation postoperatively on clinical outcomes and immunomodulation in colorectal cancer patients.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants on endothelial cell markers; Background Increased expression of cell adhesion molecules and increased procoagulant activity of the vascular endothelium have been postulated to characterize dysfunctional endothelium. The cellular effects of n-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) and antioxidants are still not clarified.
Omega-3 Supplementation During Pregnancy to Prevent Different Obstetrical Complication: Systematic Review of Literature; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a complication of pregnancy that can be associated with increased risk of neonatal mortality and morbidity. Women who have a prior pregnancies complicated by IUGR is the highest risk group and a lot of studies show that those patients have an increased risk of approximately 20% for recurrence of IUGR in a subsequent pregnancy.
The role of marine omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids in inflammatory processes, atherosclerosis and plaque stability; Atherosclerosis has an important inflammatory component and acute cardiovascular events can be initiated by inflammatory processes occurring in advanced plaques. Fatty acids influence inflammation through a variety of mechanisms; many of these are mediated by, or associated with, the fatty acid composition of cell membranes. Human inflammatory cells are typically rich in the n-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid, but the contents of arachidonic acid and of the marine n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can be altered through oral administration of EPA and DHA. Eicosanoids produced from arachidonic acid have roles in inflammation. EPA also gives rise to eicosanoids and these are usually biologically weak. EPA and DHA give rise to resolvins which are anti-inflammatory and inflammation resolving. EPA and DHA also affect production of peptide mediators of inflammation (adhesion molecules, cytokines, etc.). Thus, the fatty acid composition of human inflammatory cells influences their function; the contents of arachidonic acid, EPA and DHA appear to be especially important. The anti-inflammatory effects of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may contribute to their protective actions towards atherosclerosis and plaque rupture.
Prospective randomized comparison between omega-3 fatty acid supplements plus simvastatin versus simvastatin alone in Korean patients with mixed dyslipidemia: lipoprotein profiles and heart rate variability; Background: This study was designed to evaluate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplements and simvastatin on lipoproteins and heart rate variability (HRV), a surrogate parameter of cardiac autonomic function, in patients with mixed dyslipidemia.
Oxidation products from omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids during a simulated shelf life of edible oils; Nutritional guidelines recommend reduced intake of saturated fatty acids to prevent cardiovascular disease. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are proposed as substitutes for saturated fats. PUFA, however, are more susceptible to lipid peroxidation resulting from environmental free radical than saturated fats. We hypothesize that toxic lipid peroxidation products could be generated during shelf storage in dietary sources of PUFA prior to consumption. Therefore, the oxidative stability of six edible oils rich in omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA was evaluated by simulating transport, storage and consumption conditions that these oils typically receive. 2-Propenal (acrolein); 2-butenol; (E,E)-2,4-heptadienal; (E,E)-3,5-octadien-2-one; (Z,Z)-3,6-nonadienal and (E,E)2,4-decadienal were identified as potentially toxic products resulting from the oxidation of PUFA in omega -3 rich oils from marine sources while propan-2-one; 2-butanol; (E,E)-2,4-heptadienal; (E,E)-3,5-octadien-2-one and (E,E)-2,4-decadienal were identified in omega-3 PUFA rich oils from vegetable sources. Hexanal, (E)-2-heptenal, (E,E)-2,4-neptadienal, nonanal and 2-undecenal were identified from omega-6 rich oils. All samples showed increased oxidation with some lipid oxidation products exceeding recommended limits at the time of consumption. These findings highlight the importance of examining the oxidative stability of commercially available edible oils. The physiological implications of the chronic intake of reactive aldehydes, such as acrolein, through the consumption of dietary oils deserve further investigation.
Emerging Nutrition Science on Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: Nutritionists' Perspectives; Recent dietary guidance for heart health recommends a reduction (by similar to 50%) in saturated fatty acid (SEA) intake to reduce LDL cholesterol and to decrease risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends substituting unsaturated fat [both polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs and MUFAs, respectively)] for SFAs. There are many dietary options that can be implemented to replace SFAs, given the different sources of unsaturated fats in the food supply. Compelling evidence exists for the cardioprotective benefits of n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs, both marine- and plant-derived. In addition, the evidence of cardioprotective benefits of n-6 (omega-6) PUFAs is strong, whereas that for MUFAs is mixed, although there is emerging evidence of benefits. Quantitatively, lowering SFAs by 50% will require, in part, substituting food sources of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs and MUFAs for food sources of SFAs. The use of n-3 PUFAs as a replacement for SFAs will result in a shortfall in reaching the SEA goal because of the relatively low amounts that can be incorporated in the diet, even with very high n-3 PUFA substitution. SFAs also can be replaced with dietary carbohydrate and/or protein. Replacing SFAs with carbohydrate, specifically refined sources, however, has little impact on reducing CVD risk. There is evidence about the health benefits of dietary protein on CVD risk, which merits study. Dietary guidelines have advanced considerably with the "replacement of SFA with unsaturated fat message" instead of recommending decreasing SFAs alone. A key question that remains is what is the optimal mix of macronutrients to maximally reduce CVD risk.
Effects of different dietary omega-6/3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ratios on infarct size and the limbic system after myocardial infarction; Changes in dietary omega-6/3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) ratios affect anti-and proinflammatory equilibrium. As reperfused myocardial infarction (MI) is an inflammatory pathology that alters the cell integrity of the myocardium but also of other tissues, such as the hippocampus and amygdala, attenuation of the inflammation could be helpful in maintaining cell integrity after MI. Therefore, we hypothesized that a decrease in the dietary omega-6/3 PUFA ratio, without altering the diet content in total fat, proteins, or carbohydrates, will result in a reduction of infarct size and a diminution of postreperfusion apoptosis observed in the amygdala and hippocampus. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed 1 of 3 diets containing different omega-6/3 PUFA ratios for 2 weeks (5:1; 1:1; 1:5). Then, myocardial ischemia was induced by left anterior descending coronary artery occlusion for 40 min, followed by reperfusion. Cardioprotective mechanisms were studied in the myocardium at 15 min of reperfusion, along with myocardial infarct size after 24 h of reperfusion. Apoptosis was evaluated in the hippocampus and the amygdala. We found that infarct size was significantly reduced by 32% in groups 1:5 and 1:1 vs. group 5:1. Akt activity was higher in groups 1:5 and 1:1 compared with group 5:1. Caspase-3 enzymatic activity doubled in area CA1 and the dentate gyrus (DG) in group 5:1 compared with groups 1:1 and 1:5. In addition, caspase-8 enzymatic activity was increased in the DG at 24 h, and caspase-9 was enhanced in CA1 at 24 h in group 5:1 vs. groups 1:1 and 1:5. These results demonstrate that the increase in the dietary omega-3 PUFA, at the expense of omega-6 PUFA, reduces infarct size and helps to inhibit apoptosis in the limbic system after MI.
Influence of long-term intervention with dietary counseling, long-chain n-3 fatty acid supplements, or both on circulating markers 3 of endothelial activation in men with long-standing hyperlipidemia; Background: Dietary factors and very-long-chain n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PUFAs) may influence the atherothrombotic process. Elevated concentrations of circulating cell adhesion molecules, thrombomodulin (TM), von Willebrand factor (vWF), and tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (tPAag) are related to atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease.
Association of dietary fish and n-3 fatty acid intake with hemostatic factors in the coronary artery risk development in young adults (CARDIA) study; Hemostatic factors play an important role in the complications of ischemic heart and vessel disease. Dietary fats such as n-3 fatty acids have been shown to possibly influence hemostatic factors. However, most studies reporting an inverse association between cardiovascular disease and fish and n-3 fatty acid consumption used supplemental doses of fish oil or intakes exceeding the typical amount consumed by the US population. This report examined the associations of usual intakes of fish, linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid with fibrinogen, factor VII, factor VIII, and von Willebrand factor in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study. The analyses reported here included 1672 black and white men and women aged 24 to 42 years in 1992 to 1993. After adjustment for age, body mass index, diabetes, number of cigarettes smoked per day, race, and energy and alcohol consumption, no significant associations were observed between those who consumed no fish versus those who consumed the highest level of dietary fish with respect to fibrinogen, factor VIII, or von Willebrand factor for any race-sex group. Comparisons of tertile 1 versus tertile 3 for dietary linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were also not significantly associated with fibrinogen, factor VII, factor VIII, or von Willebrand factor for any race-sex group. These data suggest that customary intakes of fish and n-3 fatty acids in populations that generally do not consume large amounts of these food items are not associated with these hemostatic factors.
Latest evidence on omega-3 fatty acids and health; Purpose - There is strong evidence that very long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC3PUFA) are beneficial. The aim of this paper is to review the role of LC3PUFA in health and put this in context with habitual intakes and international recommendations.
Science, medicine, and the future - Omega 3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease - fishing for a natural treatment; Omega 3 fatty acids from fish and fish oils can protect against coronary heart disease. This article reviews the evidence regarding fish oils and coronary disease and outlines the mechanisms through which fish oils might confer cardiac benefits.
Intake of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic, autoimmune inflammatory disease of multiple joints that puts the patient at high risk for developing cardiovascular diseases (CVD5). The aim of the present study was to conduct an up-to-date systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to assess potential changes in RA disease activity, inflammation, and CVD risk after oral intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Omega-3 for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases: meta-analysis and trial-sequential analysis; Objectives The effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids (PUFAs) in cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remains a matter of debate. The aim of this work was to evaluate PUFAs in the reduction of cardiovascular mortality in primary and secondary prevention of CVD to determine if further original studies are needed or the available data can be considered conclusive. Methods A meta-analysis was performed according to a dichotomous endpoint followed by a trial-sequential analysis (TSA). Clinical data were identified through a PubMed search based on the following keywords: omega-3 fatty acids; cardiovascular disease; death; and cardiovascular risk. The clinical trials identified by this procedure were subjected to standard meta-analysis and TSA. Results and conclusions A total of 11 randomised studies for 100 609 patients were analysed. Our meta-analysis showed a statistically significant reduction in mortality due to cardiovascular issues (RR=0.937; 95% CI: 0.88 to 0.98; P=0.018). The TSA indicated that no further trials are needed to better evaluate the efficacy of PUFAs in preventing death related to CVD.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Pregnancy-The Case for a Target Omega-3 Index; Scientific societies recommend increasing intake of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) by 200 mg/day during pregnancy. However, individually, clinical events correlate quite strongly with levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA in blood, but these levels poorly correlate with amounts ingested. EPA and DHA in erythrocytes (Omega-3 Index) have a low biologic variability. If analyzed with a standardized analytical procedure (HS-Omega-3 Index((R))), analytical variability is low. Thus, the largest database of any fatty acid analytical method was provided. Pregnant women in Germany had a mean Omega-3 Index below the target range suggested for cardiovascular disease of 8-11%, with large interindividual variation, and quite independent of supplementation with EPA and DHA. In Germany, premature birth is a major health issue. Premature birth and other health issues of pregnant women and their offspring correlate with levels of EPA and DHA in blood and can be reduced by increasing intake of EPA and DHA, according to individual trials and pertinent meta-analyses. Very high intake or levels of EPA and DHA may also produce health issues, like bleeding, prolonged gestation, or even premature birth. While direct evidence remains to be generated, evidence from various scientific approaches supports that the target range for the Omega-3 Index of 8-11% might also pertain to pregnancy and lactation.
Comparison of the effects of EPA and DHA alone or in combination in a murine model of myocardial infarction; The aim of this project was to investigate,the impact of two dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), alone or in combination, on infarct size.
The Role of Omega-3 in Attenuating Cardiac Remodeling and Heart Failure through the Oxidative Stress and Inflammation Pathways; Cardiac remodeling is defined as molecular, cellular, and interstitial changes that manifest clinically as alterations in the size, shape, and function of the heart. Despite the pharmacological approaches, cardiac remodeling-related mortality rates remain high. Therefore, other therapeutic options are being increasingly studied. This review highlights the role of omega-3 as an adjunctive therapy to attenuate cardiac remodeling, with an emphasis on its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions.
Immunometabolic role of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in obesity-induced inflammation; Inflammation links obesity with the development of insulin resistance. Macrophages and phagocytic immune cells communicate with metabolic tissues to direct an inflammatory response caused by overnutrition and expanding adipose tissue. Marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), modulate inflammatory signalling events, providing various anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective benefits. Moreover, EPA and DHA may improve insulin sensitivity by generating proresolving lipid mediators and promoting alternatively activated macrophages. This review will assess the role of EPA and DHA in ameliorating obesity-induced inflammation, evaluating clinical evidence and mechanisms of action. The pathophysiology of insulin resistance resulting from obesity-induced inflammation will be discussed, highlighting the relationship between metabolism and immunity, and in particular, how EPA and DHA work with both systems to modulate immunometabolic complications and chronic disease. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
n-3 PUFA Induce Microvascular Protective Changes During Ischemia/Reperfusion; Ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury can occur in consequence of myocardial infarction, stroke and multiple organ failure, the most prevalent cause of death in critically ill patients. I/R injury encompass impairment of endothelial dependent relaxation, increase in macromolecular permeability and leukocyte-endothelium interactions. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) found in fish oil have several anti-inflammatory properties and their potential benefits against I/R injury were investigated using the hamster cheek pouch preparation before and after ischemia. Before the experiments, hamsters were treated orally with saline, olive oil, fish oil and triacylglycerol (TAG) and ethyl ester (EE) forms of EPA and DHA at different daily doses for 14 days. Fish oil restored the arteriolar diameter to pre ischemic values during reperfusion. At onset and during reperfusion, Fish oil and DHA TAG significantly reduced the number of rolling leukocytes compared to saline and olive oil treatments. Fish oil, EPA TAG and DHA TAG significantly prevented the rise on leukocyte adhesion compared to saline. Fish oil (44.83 +/- A 3.02 leaks/cm(2)), EPA TAG (31.67 +/- A 2.65 leaks/cm(2)), DHA TAG (41.14 +/- A 3.63 leaks/cm(2)), and EPA EE (30.63 +/- A 2.25 leaks/cm(2)), but not DHA EE (73.17 +/- A 2.82 leaks/cm(2)) prevented the increase in macromolecular permeability compared to saline and olive oil (134.80 +/- A 1.49 and 121.00 +/- A 4.93 leaks/cm(2), respectively). On the basis of our findings, we may conclude that consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially in the triacylglycerol form, could be a promising therapy to prevent microvascular damage induced by ischemia/reperfusion and its consequent clinical sequelae.
The effect of Flaxseed in Breast Cancer: A Literature Review; Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers and the second most responsible for cancer mortality worldwide. In 2014, in Portugal approximately 27,200 people died of cancer, of which 1,791 were women with breast cancer. Flaxseed has been one of the most studied foods, regarding possible relations to breast cancer, though mainly in experimental studies in animals, yet in few clinical trials. It is rich in omega-3 fatty acids, alpha-linolenic acid, lignan, and fibers. One of the main components of flaxseed is the lignans, of which 95% are made of the predominant secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG). SDG is converted into enterolactone and enterodiol, both with antiestrogen activity and structurally similar to estrogen; they can bind to cell receptors, decreasing cell growth. Some studies have shown that the intake of omega-3 fatty acids is related to the reduction of breast cancer risk. In animal studies, alpha-linolenic acids have been shown to be able to suppress growth, size, and proliferation of cancer cells and also to promote breast cancer cell death. Other animal studies found that the intake of flaxseed combined with tamoxifen can reduce tumor size to a greater extent than taking tamoxifen alone. Additionally, some clinical trials showed that flaxseed can have an important role in decreasing breast cancer risk, mainly in postmenopausal women. Further studies are needed, specifically clinical trials that may demonstrate the potential benefits of flaxseed in breast cancer.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolites: biosynthesis in <i>Leishmania</i> and role in parasite/host interaction[S]; Inside the human host, Leishmania infection starts with phagocytosis of infective promastigotes by macrophages. In order to survive, Leishmania has developed several strategies to manipulate macrophage functions. Among these strategies, Leishmania as a source of bioactive lipids has been poorly explored. Herein, we assessed the biosynthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolites by infective and noninfective stages of Leishmania and further explored the role of these metabolites in macrophage polarization. The concentration of docosahexaenoic acid metabolites, precursors of proresolving lipid mediators, was increased in the infective stage of the parasite compared with the noninfective stage, and cytochrome P450-like proteins were shown to be implicated in the biosynthesis of these metabolites. The treatment of macrophages with lipids extracted from the infective forms of the parasite led to M2 macrophage polarization and blocked the differentiation into the M1 phenotype induced by IFN-gamma. In conclusion, Leishmania polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolites, produced by cytochrome P450-like protein activity, are implicated in parasite/host interactions by promoting the polarization of macrophages into a proresolving M2 phenotype.
Omega-3 fatty acid therapy reduces triglycerides and interleukin-6 in hypertriglyeridemic HIV patients; Objectives Cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis are common in HIV-infected patients and residual systemic inflammation is thought to contribute to both of these disorders. We performed a randomized placebo-controlled trial of omega-3-acid (O3A) ethyl esters in HIV-infected patients with hypertriglyceridaemia, hypothesizing that O3A would decrease serum levels of triglycerides, markers of systemic inflammation, and markers of bone turnover.
Lower omega-3 status associated with higher erythrocyte distribution width and neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in UK Biobank cohort; High red blood distribution width (RDW) is associated with decreased red blood cell deformability, and high neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) is a biomarker of systemic inflammation and innate-adaptive immune system imbalance. Both RDW and NLR are predictors of chronic disease risk and mortality. Omega-3 index (O3I) values have previously been shown to be inversely associated with RDW and NLR levels. Our objective was to determine if total plasma long chain omega-3 fatty acids (Omega3%) measured in the UK Biobank cohort were associated with RDW and NLR values. RDW- and NLR- relationships with Omega3% were characterized in 109,191 adults (58.4% female). RDW- and NLR-Omega3% relationships were inversely associated with Omega3% (both p < 0.0001). These cross-sectional associations confirm previous findings that increasing RDW and NLR values are associated with low O3I. The hypothesis that RDW and/or NLR values can be reduced in individuals with lessthan optimal long chain omega 3 values need to be tested in randomized controlled intervention trials using EPA and/or DHA.
Fish consumption, contaminants and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy: many more benefits than risks; People with epilepsy have an increased risk of dying prematurely and the most common epilepsy-related category of death is sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). SUDEP is mainly a problem for patients with chronic uncontrolled epilepsy. The ultimate goal of research in SUDEP is to develop new methods to prevent it and actions other than medical and surgical therapies that could be very useful. Nutritional aspects, i.e., omega-3 fatty acids deficiency, could have an interesting role in this scenario. Some animal and clinical studies have suggested that omega-3 fatty acids could be useful in the prevention and treatment of epilepsy and hence SUDEP. It has been ascertained that the only foods that provide large amounts of omega-3 are seafood (fish and shellfish); however, some fish are contaminated with methylmercury, which may counteract the positive effects of omega-3 fatty acids. Our update review summarises the knowledge of the role of fish consumption on epilepsy research.
Omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy to prevent recurrent intrauterine growth restriction: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective To evaluate the efficacy of omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy in preventing intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in women with apparently uncomplicated singleton pregnancy and previous IUGR pregnancy.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids-induced ferroptosis suppresses pancreatic cancer growth; Despite recent advances in science and medical technology, pancreatic cancer remains associated with high mortality rates due to aggressive growth and no early clinical sign as well as the unique resistance to anti-cancer chemotherapy. Current numerous investigations have suggested that ferroptosis, which is a programed cell death driven by lipid oxidation, is an attractive therapeutic in different tumor types including pancreatic cancer. Here, we first demonstrated that linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (alpha LA) induced cell death with necroptotic morphological change in MIA-Paca2 and Suit 2 cell lines. LA and alpha LA increased lipid peroxidation and phosphorylation of RIP3 and MLKL in pancreatic cancers, which were negated by ferroptosis inhibitor, ferrostatin-1, restoring back to BSA control levels. Similarly, intraperitoneal administration of LA and alpha LA suppresses the growth of subcutaneously transplanted Suit-2 cells and ameliorated the decreased survival rate of tumor bearing mice, while co-administration of ferrostatin-1 with LA and alpha LA negated the anti-cancer effect. We also demonstrated that LA and alpha LA partially showed ferroptotic effects on the gemcitabine-resistant-PK cells, although its effect was exerted late compared to treatment on normal-PK cells. In addition, the trial to validate the importance of double bonds in PUFAs in ferroptosis revealed that AA and EPA had a marked effect of ferroptosis on pancreatic cancer cells, but DHA showed mild suppression of cancer proliferation. Furthermore, treatment in other tumor cell lines revealed different sensitivity of PUFA-induced ferroptosis; e.g., EPA induced a ferroptotic effect on colorectal adenocarcinoma, but LA or alpha LA did not. Collectively, these data suggest that PUFAs can have a potential to exert an anti-cancer effect via ferroptosis in both normal and gemcitabine-resistant pancreatic cancer.
Higher exercise capacity, but not omega-3 fatty acid consumption, predicts lower coronary artery calcium scores in women and men with coronary artery disease; Background and aims: Higher coronary artery calcium (CAC) scores are associated with increased cardiovascular (CVD) events and mortality. Exercise capacity is predictive of CVD events. Our aim was to examine the relationship between exercise capacity and CAC in women and men. Methods: CAC was measured in 203 men and 38 women with clinical coronary artery disease using multidetector coronary tomography. They were randomized to 3.36 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) daily or none for 30 months. Maximal exercise treadmill testing was performed at baseline with calculation of metabolic equivalents of task (METs) achieved as a measure of exercise capacity. Results: Despite similar ages at baseline (64.0 +/- 6.7 vs 62.7 +/- 7.8 years, respectively, p = 0.225), women had lower CAC scores compared to men: 106.7 Agatston units [AU] vs 535.3, respectively, p < 0.001, and at every age (p < 0.001). Female CAC scores did not equal those of men until women were 20 years older. Higher levels of METs were associated with lower CAC scores in both women and men. After multivariate adjustment, METs was the most important predictor of CAC score in women at baseline and 30 months (p = 0.001 and 0.029, respectively) whereas only age predicted in men (p = 0.019 and 0.004, respectively). Annual CAC progression was significantly greater in men compared to women (94.8 AU/year vs 38.0, respectively, p = 0.014). No difference was observed in CAC progression in the EPA + DHA group compared to control in either men or women. Conclusions: The association of higher METs with lower CAC scores in both women and men supports recommending exercise to maximize cardiorespiratory fitness as this may minimize CAC scores and thus, potentially decrease risk for CVD events. This may be especially important for women since METs independently predicted baseline and 30 month CAC in women.
Evaluating the Impact of Omega-3 Fatty Acid (Soloways™) Supplementation on Lipid Profiles in Adults with PPARG Polymorphisms: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Emerging evidence suggests that PPARG gene polymorphisms may influence lipid metabolism and cardiovascular risk, with omega-3 fatty acids proposed to modulate these effects. This study aims to assess the effects of fish oil supplementation on cardiovascular markers among adults with PPARG gene polymorphisms in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. A cohort of 102 patients with LDL-C 70-190 mg/dL was randomized to receive either 2000 mg of omega-3 fatty acids or a placebo daily for 90 days. In the omega-3 group with PPARG polymorphisms, LDL-C was reduced by 15.4% (95% CI: -19.8% to -11.0%), compared with a 2.6% decrease in the placebo group (95% CI: -4.1% to -1.1%; p < 0.01). In the omega-3 group without PPARG polymorphisms, LDL-C was reduced by 3.7% (95% CI: -6.9% to -0.6%), not significantly different from the placebo group's reduction of 2.9% (95% CI: -5.1% to -0.8%; p = 0.28). The reduction in LDL-C was notably 11.7% greater in those with PPARG polymorphisms than in those without (95% CI: -19.3% to -4.0%; p < 0.01). Triglycerides decreased by 21.3% in omega-3 recipients with PPARG polymorphisms (95% CI: -26.5% to -16.2%; p < 0.01), with no significant changes in HDL-C, total cholesterol, or hsCRP levels in any groups. Minor allele frequencies and baseline characteristics were comparable, ensuring a balanced genetic representation. Omega-3 fatty acids significantly reduce LDL-C and triglycerides in carriers of PPARG polymorphisms, underlining the potential for genetic-driven personalization of cardiovascular interventions.
Risk stratification by the "EPA+DHA level" and the "EPA/AA ratio" - Focus on anti-inflammatory and antiarrhythmogenic effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids; The identification of risks associated with sudden cardiac death requires further investigations. The question was addressed whether parameters can be established which not only describe an increased risk for an enhanced electrical instability of the heart but also of inflammatory events underlying plaque rupture. Emphasis is placed on dose-dependent effects of the long-chain omega-(omega-)3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Since free acids of EPA and DHA are required for most of their biological effects, it appears essential not only to build up stores in the body for release of these fatty acids, but also to provide a sustained uptake of EPA and DHA in the form of ethyl esters. in contrast to rapidly absorbed triacylglycerols from fish,ethyl esters are taken up more slowly within 24 h. For the administration of 1 g/day highly purified EPA+-DHAethyl esters (Omacor(R) to healthy volunteers, it is shown that EPA is increased from 0.6% to 1.4% within 10 days, while DHA is increased from 2.9% to 4.3%. After withdrawal, EPA and DHA approach baseline values within 10 days. A gas chromatographic procedure was established which requires only 10 mul of whole blood for the identification of more than 35 fatty acids. Evidence is summarized strengthening the concept that a low "EPA+DHA level" presents a risk for sudden cardiac death and that the administration of 840 mg/day of EPA+DHA ethyl esters raises the "EPA+DHA level" to approximately 6% that is associated with a marked protection from sudden cardiac death. For reducing pro-inflammatory eicosanoids and cytokines, a higher "EPA+DHA level" is required which can be achieved with an intake Of 2-4 g/day Of 84% EPA+DHA ethyl esters. For assessing influences from pro-inflammatory eicosanoids and cytokines, the EPA/arachidonic acid ratio ("EPA/AA ratio") was identified as diagnostic parameter. To assess the dietary EPA+DHA intake, fatty acids were determined in fish dishes of the cafeteria of the Philipps University Hospital Marburg, Germany. The EPA+DHA content of the popular Alaska Pollock was 125 +/- 70 mg/100 g. A once daily fish dish can thus not provide the 840 mg/day EPA+DHA administered in the GISSI Prevention Study in the form of ethyl ester which markediy reduced the risk of sudden cardiac death in postmyocardial infarction patients. Nonetheless, at least two preferably oily fish meals per week should be consumed as preventive measure by persons without coronary artery disease. With documented coronary heart disease, it was advised to consume approximately 1 g/day of EPA+DHA.
Omega-3 carboxylic acids in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia: EVOLVE II, a randomized, placebo-controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia (SHTG) are at increased risk of developing acute pancreatitis and cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 carboxylic acids (OM3-CA) are approved for treatment as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride (TG) concentrations in patients with SHTG.
INVESTIGATING THE EFFECT OF DIFFERENT DOSES OF OMEGA-3 SUPPLEMENTATION ON PRE-INFLAMMATORY AND POST-TRAUMATIC CPR INDEX SWALLOWING ONE SESSION OF RESISTANCE TRAINING IN INACTIVE WOMEN; CPR inflammatory index is closely associated with the incidence of cardiovascular disease, which can affect the response to this indicator. The main objective of the present study was investigating the effect of different doses of omega-3 supplementation on pre-inflammatory and post-traumatic CPR index following one session of resistance training in passive women. In this study, 40 patients with inactive women in Karaj, with an average age of 28.16 +/- 2.45 years, height 161.58 +/- 3.45 cm and weight 59.97 +/- 4/30 kg, randomly targeted in four groups of 10 patients (dose groups 2000, 3000, 4000 and placebo) were enrolled. Initially, the subjects participated in a place of resistance training and then practice immediately and 24 hours after their blood samples to estimate the rate of 5cc, CRP serum was used (pre-test). After a period of thirty days omega-3 supplementation in the form of two doses of thousand mg (for 2000), three doses of thousand mg (for 3000), and four doses of thousand mg (for 4000) per day received in capsule form. During this period, the control group received omega-3 free capsules. One day after the supplementation period, the test subjects were taken. For data analysis used from SPSS version 18. The results showed that omega-3 supplementation at a dose of 2000 no significant effect on the level of CRP in women, disabled, immediately after resistance exercise had (P>0.05). But the effect of supplementation with doses of 3000 and 4000 had a significant effect on the level of CRP in non-active women immediately and 24 hours after a resistance training (P<0.05). The effects of doses higher than the dose in 2000 was 3000 and 4000. According to the results, we can say that omega-3 supplementation for a month with a daily intake of 3000 or 4000mg/day for disabled women to be effective.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Advanced Kidney Disease; Long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), which are obtained primarily from dietary sources such as coldwater fish, have diverse and potent mediating effects on the immune, inflammatory, and metabolic pathways, signal transduction, and cell membrane physiology. N-3 PUFA are increasingly being studied for their clinical benefits in a variety of medical conditions, some of which are relevant to individuals with advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD). These include, among others, renoprotection in IgA nephropathy, cardioprotective effects via a variety of mechanisms including blood pressure and triglyceride reduction, maintenance of dialysis access patency, sparing of inflammation-associated muscle loss, and even mortality. However, further confirmatory work needs to be performed before establishing formal intake recommendations and dosing goals for advanced CKD patients. In the meantime, the current American Heart Association n-3 PUFA intake guidelines can be applied to CKD patients, especially given n-3 PUFA's potential benefits and negligible risk profile. Over time, it will be incumbent upon the nephrology community to more clearly define the utility and optimal dosing of n-3 PUFA in CKD patients with advanced disease via randomized clinical trials.
Bioactive substances with preventive effect in cardiovascular diseases; The effect of diet on cardiovascular disease prevention has been widely studied for many years. Numerous studies have confirmed that diets rich in fruits and vegetables (Mediterranean diet) are beneficial to the cardiovascular system and various bioactive food components have preventive effect on chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease. In this paper we review the effect of bioactive substances included in the group of flavonoids (catechins and proanthocyanidins, anthocyanins and isoflavones), stilbenes such as resveratrol, bioactive peptides, plant sterols and polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 on the cardiovascular system.
N-3 fatty acids and revascularization procedures; Largely initiated by studies among Greenland Eskimos in the early 1970s, great attention has been given to the possible effects of the very long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in a variety of cardiovascular disease states. A series of possibly positive effects on pathogenetic mechanisms in cardiovascular disease has evolved from laboratory studies in cell cultures and animals as well as in humans, focusing mainly on eicosanoid metabolism with reduced activities of platelets and leucocytes, reduced plasma triglycerides and, antiarrhythmic effects in the myocardium. A rationale for a positive effect of very long chain n-3 PUFA in the secondary prophylaxis after revascularization procedures obviously also exists. The positive clinical effects based on prospectively randomized trials are summarized as follows. After coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), the SHOT study showed statistically significant reduction in angiographic vein graft occlusion in 610 patients after 1 yr with supplementation of 3.4 g/d of highly concentrated very long chain n-3 PUFA. The reduction in occlusion rates was significantly related to the change in the n-3 PUFA concentration in serum phospholipids during the study period with the occlusion rate in the upper quartile of such changes at only similar to50% of that in the lower quartile. These results were also clearly related to the presence of angina pectoris and occurrence of myocardial infarction after 1 yr. Several studies were conducted in patients after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA). By 1993, two meta-analyses indicated a positive effect on the restenosis rate, a significant problem after otherwise successful PTCA. During the late 1990s, three large prospective randomized placebo-controlled angiographic studies were conducted with very long n-3 PUFA 5.1-8.0 g/d, all with completely negative results. Today, therefore, very long chain n-3 PUFA supplementation cannot be recommended to reduce the incidence of restenosis after PTCA. All studies were performed without stenting of the coronary lesion. In the very special revascularization procedure of heart transplantation, evolving hypertension and accelerated atherosclerosis have been major clinical problems. In other studies, positive effects by supplementation with very long chain n-3 PUFA (3.4-5.7 g/d) were obtained on the surrogate end points coronary vasoreactivity to acetylcholine and hypertension, respectively. On the basis of the presently available literature from clinical studies, recommendations for supplementation with very long chain n-3 PUFA can be given to patients after venous CABG (up to 3.4 g/d), and after heart transplantation (3.4-5.7 g/d) but not to patients after traditional PTCA. In fact, data from substudies suggested the possibility that large doses (5.1 g/d) of very long chain n-3 PUFA might be contraindicated because they induce a proinflammatory state in patients under oxidative stress.
Role of omega-3 fatty acids in obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases: a review of the evidence; The present review aims to illustrate current knowledge about the efficacy of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs) in treating/preventing several metabolic pathologies. We reviewed systematically the published evidence on the effectiveness of n-3 LC-PUFAs fish consumption or n-3 LC-PUFAs supplementation on prevention/treatment of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases. Most of the reviewed studies were randomized-controlled interventional trials, although some relevant prospective and cross-sectional studies as well as some meta-analysis were also reviewed. Supplementation with n-3 LC-PUFAs might improve some obesity-associated metabolic syndrome features such as insulin resistance, hypertension and dyslipidemia by decreasing plasma triglycerides. Moreover, the blood pressure-lowering and anti-inflammatory properties of these fatty acids and their benefits in vascular function might confer cardioprotection. However, the efficacy of n-3 LC-PUFA on reducing myocardial infarction, arrhythmia, cardiac and sudden death, or stroke is controversial. Due to the beneficial actions of n-3 LC-PUFAs, several worldwide government and health organizations have established some recommendations of n-3 LC-PUFAs intake for groups of population. In general, the recommended levels for diseases prevention are lower than those advised for particular treatments. However, more clinical trials are necessary to recommend the most effective dosages and formulas (type of n-3 LC-PUFA, EPA/DHA ratio) for specific pathologies.
Omega-3 fatty acid diglyceride emulsions as a novel injectable acute therapeutic in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic brain injury; Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE), resulting from a lack of blood flow and oxygen before or during newborn delivery, is a leading cause of cerebral palsy and neurological disability in children. Therapeutic hypothermia (TH), the current standard of care in HIE, is only beneficial in 1 of 7 -8 cases. Therefore, there is a critical need for more efficient treatments. We have previously reported that omega -3 (n-3) fatty acids (FA) carried by triglyceride (TG) lipid emulsions provide neuroprotection after experimental hypoxic-ischemic (HI) injury in neonatal mice. Herein, we propose a novel acute therapeutic approach using an n-3 diglyceride (DG) lipid emulsions. Importantly, n-3 DG preparations had much smaller particle size compared to commercially available or lab -made n-3 TG emulsions. We showed that n-3 DG molecules have the advantage of incorporating at substantially higher levels than n-3 TG into an in vitro model of phospholipid membranes. We also observed that n-3 DG after parenteral administration in neonatal mice reaches the bloodstream more rapidly than n-3 TG. Using neonatal HI brain injury models in mice and rats, we found that n-3 DG emulsions provide superior neuroprotection than n-3 TG emulsions or TH in decreasing brain infarct size. Additionally, we found that n-3 DGs attenuate microgliosis and astrogliosis. Thus, n-3 DG emulsions are a superior, promising, and novel therapy for treating HIE.
Do omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce risk of sudden cardiac death and ventricular arrhythmias? A meta-analysis of randomized trials; Introduction: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have demonstrated to have antiarrhythmic properties. However, randomized studies have shown inconsistent results.
Conference on 'PUFA mediators: implications for human health' Symposium 1: PUFA: health effects and health claims Protective effects of dietary PUFA against chronic disease: evidence from epidemiological studies and intervention trials; This review considers evidence for a protective effect of PUFA on chronic disease. Estimates of PUFA intakes in prospective cohort studies are usually based on FFQ or biomarkers of intake. Cohort studies suggest that both linoleic and linolenic acid intake are associated with a lower risk of CHD. The intake of fish, the major source of long-chain n-3 PUFA is associated with a lower risk of both stroke and CHD, particularly sudden cardiac death. No relationship with common sites of cancer (breast and colon) and PUFA has been found. However, some recent studies suggest an association of high intakes of n-3 PUFA with risk of prostate cancer. An updated Cochrane review of dietary fat modification (replacing SFA with PUFA) randomised controlled trials to prevent CHD found a 14% lower incidence and a non-significant 7% lower mortality from CHD. The effects of an increased intake of n-3 PUFA on CHD incidence mortality have been tested in patients with pre-existing CHD in randomised controlled trials. Meta-analysis of these trials showed no overall benefit on total mortality or CVD incidence but a trend for lower risk of cardiac death was 0.91 (95% CI 0.85, 0.98). At present, there is little evidence from other trials demonstrating the clear benefits or harm from increased intakes of PUFA. In conclusion, present evidence intakes benefit from partial replacement of SFA with a balanced mixture of n-6 and n-3 PUFA which may contribute to CVD prevention.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS ON VASCULAR CONTRACTILITY IN PREANOXIC AND POSTANOXIC AORTIC RINGS; Background. Vasomotor reactivity may contribute to the pathophysiology of ischemic injury. The atherosclerotic vessel may be particularly susceptible to vasoconstriction because of the damaged endothelial layer with resultant loss of vasodilatory factors. While dietary omega-3 fatty acids have been proposed to protect against vascular occlusion, it is not clear to what extent this results from alterations in the function of platelets or from changes intrinsic to the blood vessel itself.
What can we expect from omega-3 fatty acids?; Omega-3 fatty acids are abundant in fish oil. A high dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids has been strongly linked to lower rates of cardiovascular disease in epidemiologic studies. Fish oil supplements lower triglyceride levels and may have other benefits such as preventing arrhythmias, reducing inflammation (although they have minimal impact on C-reactive protein), inhibiting platelet aggregation, and lowering blood pressure, all of which should reduce cardiovascular risk.
Potential uses of ω-3 fatty acids in equine diseases; Biochemical and epidemiologic studies demonstrate that omega-3 fatty acids have potent anti-inflammatory properties. Although clinical trials show that these fatty acids are beneficial in treating several human and canine diseases, few studies have been conducted to investigate the use of omega-3 fatty acids in diseases of horses. This column considers in which omega-3 fatty acids have been used to modify human or canine diseases and suggests possible uses for these fatty acids in the treatment of equine diseases. The principal antiinflammatory effects of ingestion of diets enriched with omega-3 fatty acids are reduction in overall eicosanoid production and modification of the spectrum of eicosanoids that are produced. Potential therapeutic ap plications of omega-3 fatty acids in horses include cardiovascular disease, dermatologic disease, arthritis, respiratory disease, renal disease, gastrointestinal disease, systemic inflammatory response syndrome, and reproduction and neonatal care, Ongoing clinical investigations of the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of orphaned foals and horses with endotoxemia, chronic ic respiratory disease; and arthritis may provide equine practitioners with a useful adjunct in the management of patients with these conditions.
Importance of long chain omega-3 fatty acids in prostate cancer; The benefits of long chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) from fish or administered as supplements remain controversial regarding prostate cancer (PCa). Based on the currently available evidence no clear benefit of n-3 PUFA intake to generally reduce PCa incidence has been found. On the other hand n-3 PUFAs have a clear influence on the development of already existing PCa. The intake of n-3-PUFAs considerably reduces the risk of metastasis and PCa-related mortality.
A randomized controlled trial comparing effects of a low-energy diet with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Weight loss is the cornerstone of NAFLD management, but weight maintenance is difficult. Some studies have suggested that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) might have beneficial effects in NAFLD. We aim to compare the effects of a low-energy diet with n-3 PUFA supplementation on liver enzymes, body composition, and cardiometabolic risk factors in NAFLD. Materials and Methods: The study was a randomized controlled trial conducted in Urmia in Iran from October 2016 to May 2017. One hundred and fourteen eligible patients were randomly assigned to one of the three following groups: low-energy diet group, n-3 PUFA supplementation (fish oil) group (1500 mg/d), or control group for 12 weeks. Liver enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance, and body composition were assessed before and after the intervention. Results: One hundred and four patients completed the study. All groups lost weight, but the reductions were greater in the diet group (2.97 +/- 2.79 kg, P = 0.001). The diet group had significant decreases in fat mass compared to other groups. Insulin resistance, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol significantly decreased only in the diet group, and patients who lost weight >= 4% showed significantly larger decreases in serum liver enzymes. N-3 PUFA had no beneficial effects on the study outcomes. Conclusion: We found that 1500 mg/d n-3 PUFA supplied for 12 weeks, in contrast to 3.40 +/- 2.98% weight loss, does not improve liver enzymes, body composition, and cardiometabolic risk factors in NAFLD patients.
BMI Affects the Relationship between Long Chain N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake and Stroke Risk: a Meta-Analysis; We performed a meta-analysis to clarify the relationship between long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake and stroke risk. Relevant studies were identified by searching online databases through May 2015. Log relative risks (RRs) of the highest versus the lowest for cohort studies were weighed by the inverse variance method to obtain pooled RRs. Fourteen prospective cohort studies including 514,483 individuals and 9,065 strokes were included. The pooled RR of overall stroke risk for long chain n-3 PUFA intake was 0.87 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.79-0.95]. Stratification analysis showed that higher long chain n-3 PUFAs intake was associated with reduced fatal stroke risk (RR = 0.84; 95% CI, 0.73-0.97), reduced stroke risk for BMI <24 (RR = 0.86; 95% CI, 0.75-0.98) and reduced stroke risk for females (RR = 0.81; 95% CI, 0.71-0.92), but was not associated with stroke risk for either BMI >= 24 or men. This meta-analysis reveals that higher long chain n-3 PUFA intake is inversely associated with risk of stroke morbidity and mortality with BMI and sex as key factors influencing this risk. Individuals should be encouraged to manage their body weight while increasing their intake of long chain n-3 PUFAs.
Characterization of a rice (<i>Oryza sativa</i> L.) gene encoding a temperature-dependent chloroplast ω-3 fatty acid desaturase; A cDNA. designated Osfad8, encoding a chloroplast omega-3 fatty acid desaturase responsible for trienoic fatty acid formation, was isolated from the leaves of Oryza sativa L. by RT-PCR. Southern blot hybridization indicated that a small gene family composed of two copies or closely linked genes exists. RNA in situ hybridization showed that the accumulation of Osfad8 mRNA was abundant in leaves but hardly detectable in roots. The Osfad8 transcript level in leaves was much higher at 15 degrees C than at normal temperature (25 degrees C). fit situ hybridization also showed particularly prominent expression of Osfad8 in the palisade layer and spongy parenchyma cells of leaves when exposed to 15 degrees C conditions for 5 days and 10 days. Two transgenic lines (8S-52 and 8S-101) harboring the Osfad8 ORF in sense orientation under the control of the CaMV 35S promoter contained increased levels of hexadecatrienoic (16:3) and linolenic (18:3) fatty acids. When exposed to 2 degrees C for 7 days, the damage observed to the control plants was significantly alleviated in the 8S-52 and 8S-101 lines. The amounts of trienoic fatty acids in an Osfad8 antisense line (8A-35) declined 40.2% compared to the control plants. The 8A-35 plants survived after growth at 44 degrees C for 3 days while the control plants died. These data suggest that Osfad8 encodes a temperature-dependent chloroplast omega-3 fatty acid desaturase. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a modified approach for chemo-prevention of bladder cancer in a rat model and molecular studies of antineoplastic mechanisms; Objectives To test the chemo-preventative effects of omega-3 against bladder cancer (BC) induction in a rat model and its potential antineoplastic mechanisms. Material and methods Ninety male Fisher rats were divided into three groups during a 22-week protocol: group 1 (control), group 2 (Placebo + N-butyl-N-4- hydroxybutyl nitrosamine (BBN) for induction of BC and group 3 received omega-3 (1200 mg/kg/day) + BBN. At the end, blood samples and bladder tissues were collected and checked for the presence of malignancy, markers of angiogenesis (VEGF relative gene expression), inflammation (IL-6), proliferation (KI-67 expressions), oxidative stress (serum MDA and serum SOD) and epigenetic control (miRNA-145 level). Results At the end of the study, 60% and 86.6% rats survived in group 2 and 3 with significant weight loss among rats in group 2 when compared with other groups. In group 2, all rats developed visible bladder lesions of which five and 13 developed squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and transitional cell carcinoma (TCC). In omega3-treated group, only one developed low grade SCC and one developed high grade non- invasive TCC. Bladders from omega-3-treated rats showed lower expression ofKI-67 (p < 0.05), VEGF (p < 0.001) and IL-6 (p < 0.001) and significant higher expression of mi-RNA (p < 0.001). Also, omega-3-treated group showed statistically significant lower MDA level (p < 0.001). Conclusion Omega-3 inhibits bladder tumor growth in the BBN-induced BC rat model, due to anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, anti-proliferative, and anti-angiogenic properties together with epigenetic control.
Omega-3 fatty acid-containing parenteral nutrition in ICU patients: systematic review with meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis; Background Omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acid (FA)-containing parenteral nutrition (PN) is associated with significant improvements in patient outcomes compared with standard PN regimens without omega-3 FA lipid emulsions. Here, we evaluate the impact of omega-3 FA-containing PN versus standard PN on clinical outcomes and costs in adult intensive care unit (ICU) patients using a meta-analysis and subsequent cost-effectiveness analysis from the perspective of a hospital operating in five European countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK) and the US. Methods We present a pharmacoeconomic simulation based on a systematic literature review with meta-analysis. Clinical outcomes and costs comparing omega-3 FA-containing PN with standard PN were evaluated in adult ICU patients eligible to receive PN covering at least 70% of their total energy requirements and in the subgroup of critically ill ICU patients (mean ICU stay > 48 h). The meta-analysis with the co-primary outcomes of infection rate and mortality rate was based on randomized controlled trial data retrieved via a systematic literature review; resulting efficacy data were subsequently employed in country-specific cost-effectiveness analyses. Results In adult ICU patients, omega-3 FA-containing PN versus standard PN was associated with significant reductions in the relative risk (RR) of infection (RR 0.62; 95% CI 0.45, 0.86; p = 0.004), hospital length of stay (HLOS) (- 3.05 days; 95% CI - 5.03, - 1.07; p = 0.003) and ICU length of stay (LOS) (- 1.89 days; 95% CI - 3.33, - 0.45; p = 0.01). In critically ill ICU patients, omega-3 FA-containing PN was associated with similar reductions in infection rates (RR 0.65; 95% CI 0.46, 0.94; p = 0.02), HLOS (- 3.98 days; 95% CI - 6.90, - 1.06; p = 0.008) and ICU LOS (- 2.14 days; 95% CI - 3.89, - 0.40; p = 0.02). Overall hospital episode costs were reduced in all six countries using omega-3 FA-containing PN compared to standard PN, ranging from euro-3156 +/- 1404 in Spain to euro-9586 +/- 4157 in the US. Conclusion These analyses demonstrate that omega-3 FA-containing PN is associated with statistically and clinically significant improvement in patient outcomes. Its use is also predicted to yield cost savings compared to standard PN, rendering omega-3 FA-containing PN an attractive cost-saving alternative across different health care systems. Study registration PROSPERO CRD42019129311.
Perioperative supplementation of polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid for the prevention of atrial fibrillation after cardiothoracic surgery; Purpose. The effect of perioperative supplementation of polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid (PUFA) on the frequency of atrial fibrillation (AF) in patients without a history of AF was evaluated.
Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are reduced in neonates with substantial brain injury undergoing therapeutic hypothermia after hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is a major cause of neonatal morbidity and mortality. Although therapeutic hypothermia is an effective treatment, substantial chronic neurological impairment often persists. The long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) acids, offer therapeutic potential in the post-acute phase. To understand how PUFAs are affected by HIE and therapeutic hypothermia we quantified for the first time the effects of HIE and therapeutic hypothermia on blood PUFA levels and lipid peroxidation. In a cross-sectional approach, blood samples from newborns with moderate to severe HIE, who underwent therapeutic hypothermia (sHIE group) were compared to samples from newborns with mild HIE, who did not receive therapeutic hypothermia, and controls. The sHIE group was stratified into cerebral MRI predictive of good (n = 10), or poor outcomes (n = 10; nine developed cerebral palsy). Cell pellets were analyzed for fatty acid content, and plasma for lipid peroxidation products, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances and 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal. Omega-3 Index (% DHA + EPA) was similar between control and HIE groups; however, with therapeutic hypothermia there were significantly lower levels in poor vs. good prognosis sHIE groups. Estimated & UDelta;-6 desaturase activity was significantly lower in sHIE compared to mild HIE and control groups, and linoleic acid significantly increased in the sHIE group with good prognosis. Reduced long-chain omega-3 PUFAs was associated with poor outcome after HIE and therapeutic hypothermia, potentially due to decreased biosynthesis and tissue incorporation. We speculate a potential role for long-chain omega-3 PUFA interventions in addition to existing treatments to improve neurologic outcomes in sHIE.
Effect of omega-3 rich diet on the response of Japanese quails (<i>Coturnix coturnix japonica</i>) infected with Newcastle disease virus or avian influenza virus H9N2; This study was performed to evaluate the effects of omega-3 supplementation on growth performance, clinical signs, post-mortem lesions, haemagglutination inhibition (HI) antibody titres, gene expression and histopathology in quails (Coturnix coturnix japonica) infected with Newcastle disease virus (NDV) and avian influenza virus (AIV) H9N2. One hundred, 40-day-old male quails were divided into 5 groups: G1, fed a control basal diet; G2A, infected with NDV; G2B, infected with H9N2; G3A, infected with NDV and given omega-3, and G3B, infected with H9N2 and given omega-3. The dietary omega-3 supplementation was continued for 4 weeks: two weeks before infection and two weeks after intranasal infection with virulent NDV and AIV H9N2. Our results revealed significant differences (P < 0.05) in growth performance, HI antibody titres, clinical signs, postmortem lesions, mortality, viral shedding rates, immunological parameters, and histopathological lesions between the treated (G3A and G3B) and untreated (G2A and G2B) groups. In conclusion, dietary omega-3 supplementation for 4 weeks can improve growth performance and alleviate the deleterious immunological and pathological effects of NDV and AIV H9N2 infection in quails.
Flaxseed oil prevents <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12-conjugated linoleic acid-induced insulin resistance in mice; Insulin resistance (IR) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are found in 35 and 30% of US adults, respectively. Trans-10, cis-12-conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been found to cause both these disorders in several animal models. We hypothesised that IR and NAFLD caused by CLA result from n-3 fatty acid deficiency. Pathogen-free C57BL/6N female mice (aged 8 weeks; n 10) were fed either a control diet or diets containing trans-10, cis-12-CLA (0.5 %) or CLA + flaxseed oil (FSO) (0.5 % + 0.5 %) for 8 weeks. Weights of livers, concentration of circulating insulin, values of homeostatic model 1 (HOMA1) for IR and HOMA1 for 0 cell function were higher by 160, 636, 985 and 968 % in the CLA group compared with those in the control group. FSO decreased fasting glucose by 20 % and liver weights by 37 % compared with those in the CLA group; it maintained circulating insulin, HOMA1-IR and HOMA1 for P cell function at levels found in the control group. CLA supplementation decreased n-6 and n-3 wt% concentrations of liver lipids by 57 and 73 % and increased the n-6:n-3 ratio by 58 % compared with corresponding values in the control group. FSO increased n-6 and n-3 PUFA in liver lipids by 33 and 342 % and decreased the n-6:n-3 ratio by 70 % compared with corresponding values in the CLA group. The present results suggest that some adverse effects of CLA may be due to n-3 PUFA deficiency and that these can be corrected by a concomitant increase in the intake of a-linolenic acid, 18: 3n-3.
Effect of n-3 fatty acids supplementation on serum lipid profile of rats; Dietary fat influences the modulation of immune functions and inflammatory processes; most of the impact is attributed to long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Essential fatty acids, such as Linoleic Acid (AL) and a-Linolenic Acid ( ALA), which must be incorporated in the diet, are precursors of other fatty acids of great importance for the body. ALA, belonging to n-3 family, gives rise to Eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. They confer flexibility, fluidity and selective permeability to the membranes, which favor cardiovascular health, reduce the risk of deficiencies in vision and neural development in infants and children, and dementia in older adults; some are precursors in the synthesis of prostaglandins. Effects have also been observed in the prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, arthritis, inflammation, autoimmune disorders, and cancer. These effects can be explained through the specific actions of each of them. The objective was to analyze the effect of a butter-based diet, with and without n-3 fatty acid supplementation, on the lipids and serum fatty acid profile of rats in a period of active growth. Wistar rats at weaning received a normo-caloric butter-based diet for 10 days (M). The other groups received the same diet supplemented with 24 mg / day of fish oil (MP)-providing EPA and DHA- or chia oil (MCh)-containing linolenic acid (ALA). The control (C) received a diet according to AIN'93. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were determined by enzymatic methods and the serum fatty acid profile, by gas chromatography. Results: M, MP and MCh groups showed lower levels of linoleic and higher levels of oleic-n-9, compared to C. Only M and MP have low values of ALA. The MP and MCh groups presented high levels of EPA and DHA. Chia oil supplementation is more beneficial than fish oil, increasing serum EPA and DHA along with ALA. Conclusion: Not only the dietary lipids percentage is important but also the fatty acid profile of the sour ce too.
Signaling through Free Fatty Acid Receptor 4 Attenuates Cardiometabolic Disease; A surge in the prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome, which promote systemic inflammation, underlies an increase in cardiometabolic disease. Free fatty acid receptor 4 is a nutrient sensor for long-chain fatty acids, like omega 3-poly-unsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs), that attenuates metabolic disease and resolves inflammation. Clinical trials indicate omega 3-PUFAs are cardioprotective, and this review discusses the mechanistic links between omega 3-PUFAs, free fatty acid receptor 4, and attenuation of cardiometabolic disease.
Prevalence of glucosamine and omega-3 fatty acid use and characteristics of users among mid-age women: Analysis of a nationally representative sample of 10,638 women; There has been a dramatic increase in the use of dietary supplements over the last few decades and both omega-3 fatty acids and glucosamine are two of the best-selling dietary supplements in many countries. An understanding of omega-3 fatty acids and glucosamine consumption is of significance to health care providers and for future health promotion activities.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in the Primary and Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Events NEW INSIGHTS; Omega-3 fatty acid (O-3FA) supplementation has garnered interest since cardioprotective properties of dietary fish consumption were observed. In the general population, O-3FA supplementation has not improved cardiovascular outcomes. However, icosapent ethyl, a high-dose, purified form of eicosapentaenoic acid, has demonstrated additive cardioprotection to statins in high-risk patients with elevated triglycerides.
Omega-3/omega-6 fatty acid ratios in different phospholipid classes and depressive symptoms in coronary artery disease patients; Depressive symptoms are highly incident among coronary artery disease (CAD) patients and increase mortality. Reduced ratios of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (omega-3 fatty acids) to arachidonic acid (AA, omega-6 fatty acid) concentrations have been linked with depressive symptoms in CAD. It remains unclear whether depressive symptoms are differentially associated with that ratio in different phospholipid classes, and this may have mechanistic implications. This study investigated associations between depressive symptoms in CAD patients and the EPA + DHA to AA ratio in the major phospholipid classes. This was a cross-sectional study of stable CAD patients. Sociodemographic, medical, medication, and cardiopulmonary fitness data were collected from each patient. Each patient was assessed for depressive symptoms using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D). The percentage of EPA, DHA, and AA in each erythrocyte phospholipid class was determined using gas chromatography from fasting blood. Relationships between EPA + DHA to AA ratios and depressive symptoms were assessed using linear regression and were corrected for multiple comparisons. Seventy-six CAD patients were included (age = 61.9 +/- 8.5, 74% male, HAM-D = 7.2 +/- 5.9). In a backward elimination linear regression model, lower EPA + DHA to AA in erythrocyte phosphatidylinositol (B = -12.71, beta = -0.33, p < .01) and sphingomyelin (B = -2.52, beta = -0.37, p < .01) was associated with greater depressive symptom severity, independently of other known predictors. Other phospholipid classes were not associated with depressive symptoms. In conclusion, the relationship between EPA + DHA to AA ratios and depressive symptoms in CAD may not be consistent across phospholipid classes. Continued investigation of these potentially differential relationships may clarify underlying disease mechanisms. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The impact of an omega-3 fatty acid rich lipid emulsion on fatty acid profiles in critically ill septic patients; Background: Death from sepsis in the intensive therapy unit (ITU) is frequently preceded by the development of multiple organ failure as a result of uncontrolled inflammation. Treatment with omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs), principally eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been demonstrated to attenuate the effects of uncontrolled inflammation and may be clinically beneficial in reducing mortality from organ dysfunction. Fish oil (FO) is a source of EPA and DHA.
n-3 Fatty acids and serum lipoproteins: Animal studies; This review examines the effects of n-3 fatty acids on serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in seven species of experimental animals. n-3 Fatty acids consistently lower serum triacylglycerol concentrations in humans but not in most animals. In addition, a common effect of n-3 fatty acids in animals is a marked reduction in high-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations, a response virtually never seen with fish-oil supplementation in humans. These differences between animals and humans arise not only from underlying species differences in lipoprotein metabolism but also from differences in experimental designs, the most notable of which is the tendency to feed animals much larger amounts of n-3 fatty acids than supplements provide for humans. Thus, great care must be taken not only to use appropriate animal models when studying lipoprotein metabolism but also to feed the animals comparable amounts of n-3 fatty acids. Failure to properly address these issues will make it difficult to uncover the biochemical basis for the hypolipidemic effect of fish oils in humans through use of experimental animals.
OMEGA-3 FATTY-ACID LEVELS AND PERFORMANCE OF BROILER-CHICKENS FED REDFISH MEAL OR REDFISH OIL; Arbor Acre broiler chickens were fed six different diets to determine if the omega-3 fatty acid content of broiler chicken carcasses could be enchanced by feeding additional redfish meal (RFM) or redfish oil (RFO). The six diets were: control (no fish meal or fish oil); 7.5% RFM, 15.0% RFM, 30.0% RFM, 2.1% RFO and 4.2% RFO. Mortality at 28 d and 42 d was lower (P < 0.05) for birds fed RFO compared to those fed RFM. Feeding additional RFM or RFO had no (P > 0.05) effect on mortality, but resulted in lower body weights (P < 0.01) and feed consumption (P < 0.05) and poorer (P < 0.05) feed conversion. Additions of RFM or RFO to the diets resulted in a substantial dietary enrichment of omega-3 fatty acids (especially eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA or 20:5n-3; and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA or 22:6n-3). Analyses (wt/wt%) revealed that breast meat was lower (P < 0.001) in lipid and triglyceride but higher in cholesterol esters (P < 0.005), free cholesterol (P < 0.001) and phospholipid (P < 0.001) than thigh meat. Lipid, free cholestrol and phospholipid of edible meat lipid increased with duration of feeding (14 d, 28 d, 42 d) but triglyceride content decreased. Dietary treatment had no effect (P > 0.05) on carcass lipid content or composition. Breast meat lipid contained more (P < 0.001) of the omega-3 fatty acids (especially EPA and DHA), more n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (DPA or 22:5n-3) and more total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) than thigh meat lipids. EPA, DPA, DHA and total n-3 PUFA in edible meat lipids increased (P < 0.05) with duration of feeding. Feeding additional RFM and RFO resulted in an increased accumulation of the EPA (P < 0.001), DPA (P < 0.01), DHA (P < 0.01) and total n-3 PUFA (P < 0.001), primarily at the expense of the omega-6 fatty acids linoleic (18:2n-6) and arachidonic (20:4n-6). It can be calculated from the data presented that on average a normal meal (100 g) of chicken which has been fed 7.5% fish meal, would contribute 140 mg of omega-3 fatty acids (EPA + DPA + DHA). The same size meal of cod flesh would contribute about 135 mg of these fatty acids.
The omega-3 index is inversely associated with the neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in adults; The neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) is a biomarker of systemic inflammation and measures innate-adaptive immune system balance. The omega-3-index (O3I) measures the amount of EPA+DHA in blood. Both a low O3I and an elevated NLR are associated with increased risk for chronic disease and mortality, including cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Hypothesizing that low O3I may partly contribute to systemic chronic inflammation, we asked if a relationship existed between O3I and NLR in healthy adults (>= 18 y, n = 28,871, 51% female) without inflammation [C-reactive protein (CRP) <3 mg/mL)] who underwent a routine clinical assessment. NLR was inversely associated with O3I before (p < 0.0001) and after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, and CRP (p < 0.0001). Pearson correlations of other variables with NLR were r = 0.06 (CRP), r = 0.14 (age), and r = 0.01(BMI). In this healthy population, an O3I < 6.6% was associated with increasing NLR whereas NLR remained relatively constant (low) when O3I > 6.6%, suggestive of a quiescent, balanced immune system.
Dietary intake of stearidonic acid-enriched soybean oil increases the omega-3 index: randomized, double-blind clinical study of efficacy and safety; Background: The benefits of omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids to heart health are well established. Stearidonic acid (SDA, 18:4n-3) may contribute to these benefits.
Possibilities of fish oil application for food products enrichment with ω-3 PUFA; Polyunsaturated fatty acids of omega-3 series (omega-3 or n-3 PUFA), especially long chain EPA and DHA, exert strong positive influence on human health. Intake of these fatty acids is however usually too low: that brings many unfavourable health effects to the whole populations. Therefore the increased consumption of omega-3 fatty acids is recommended. A good way to raise the omega-3 PUFA content in the diet, without radical changes of eating habits, seems to be the enrichment of frequent and common consumed food products. The target of this study was to explore the possibility of selected food products enrichment with omega-3 PUFA, using fish oil preparations in liquid (30% EPA and DHA) and powder-micro-encapsulated (10%) form, without significant taste deterioration of the enriched foods. These were designed as functional food, useful in prevention of many diseases. It was shown that food product palatability was affected very differently by enrichment. The highest inclusion level was obtained in the case of instant powder-milk-based formulae concentrates (up to 18% that provided 1.8% EPA, DHA), fats (up to 1,5% that provided 0.5% EPA, DHA), and products of high sweetness and flavours intensity, that mask unpleasant fishy taste and odour. Enriched salad oil retained good quality during 4 months of storage: also concentrates - during 6 months. Shelf-life prolongation of low pH, water-based products (fruit beverages), requires additional technological treatment to decrease oxidation. Enrichment at significant level (up than 0.1% that provides 0.03% EPA, DHA) of low-flavours intensity products (milk, vegetable juice), strongly decreases their palatability. As a final conclusion, authors suggest that frequent consumption of food products enriched at sensory acceptable levels may considerably increase EPA and DHA amount in the diet, improving its nutritional quality.
Indications for omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in prevention of cardiovascular disease; Objective To explore the evidence for omega-3 fatty acid (O3FA) supplementation in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).Sources of information PubMed, Cochrane reviews, and Google Scholar were searched for meta-analyses and reviews related to O3FAs and CVD. Salient, recent randomized controlled trials referenced in these reviews were retrieved. Current lipid guidelines were reviewed.Main message Most O3FAs are derived from marine or aquatic microalgae, which are consumed by fish. The essential fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are mainly sourced from fish, with a small fraction coming from plants. Omega-3 fatty acids modestly lower triglyceride levels, but the major impact on CVD is through a variety of other mechanisms related to cell membrane function, antioxidant properties, and reduction of atherogenic small low-density lipoprotein cholesterol particles. Guidelines continue to recommend eating 2 servings of fish per week. There is little evidence of benefit of O3FAs in primary prevention of CVD. Given that 40% of Canadians have insufficient levels and that these low levels may be associated with other chronic diseases over time, supplementation with O3FAs could be considered, particularly in those with hypertriglyceridemia, in those who eat no fish, or for vegetarians or vegans. Doses up to 1 g daily are considered safe. For secondary prevention after statin optimization, if triglyceride levels are between 1.5 and 5.6 mmol/L, guidelines recommend with level 1A evidence taking 2 g of icosapent ethyl twice a day. This is also recommended in primary prevention for patients with diabetes and hypertriglyceridemia and additional CVD risk factors. As fish stocks dwindle over time, preserving fisheries for developing countries and obtaining O3FA from microalgal or genetically modified plant sources may become important.Conclusion All guidelines recommend at least 2 servings of oily fish per week, although benefit from O3FAs is mostly seen in secondary prevention. Fish oil and combination preparations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have failed to show benefit at any dose at any level of prevention in patients who are appropriately prescribed statins. High-dose eicosapentaenoic acid shows substantial benefit in selected patients taking statins who have high triglyceride levels.
The effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in pregnancy, lactation, and infancy: An umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized trials; We aimed to perform an umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses (SRMAs) of randomized clinical trials (RCT) of the effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in pregnancy, lactation, and infancy. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science to November 2020. Two independent investigators extracted the information, evaluated the methodological quality of SRMAs using A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews-2 (AMSTAR2), and rated the certainty of evidence using the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Either a fixed-effects or a random-effects model was used to recalculate the effect sizes and 95%CIs, depending on the number of trials. Overall, 28 SRMAs of RCTs, reporting 124 outcomes from 672 RCTs with 273,523 participants were considered eligible for the present umbrella review. Our results demonstrated evidence of moderate to high certainty that omega-3 supplementation reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia and low-birth weight and improved head circumference when used in pregnant women, and reduced severe retinopathy of prematurity and cholestasis when used in infancy. There were also favorable effects on preterm delivery, pre-natal and post-partum depression, glycemic control and inflammation markers in pregnant women, and sensitization to peanuts, positive skin prick tests, anthropometric measures, language development, visual acuity, and duration of ventilation in infants (GRADE = low). Our findings suggested that omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy can exert favorable effects against pre-eclampsia, low-birth weight, pre-term delivery, and post-partum depression, and can improve anthropometric measures, immune system, and visual activity in infants and cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnant mothers.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation candidates can be selected using fatty acid profiling; The aim of this study was to evaluate the fatty acid(FA) profile in the plasma and erythrocyte membranes of apparently healthy men compared to male patients with various cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The plasma FA profiles were analyzed in five groups of subjects aged 37-57 years: groups 1 and 2 were male voluntary blood donors with a body mass index(BMI) 25.1 +/- 1.6,(Group1, N = 12) and a BMI 32.9 +/- 4.5, (Group 2, N = 11) respectively, male patients with chronic heart failure due to dilated cardiomyopathy (Group 3, N = 10), chronic atrial fibrillation without heart failure or coronary heart disease (Group 4, N = 10) and patients after myocardial infarction (Group 5, N = 11). The FA profile in plasma and erythrocytes was measured by gas chromatography (GC) with flame ionization detection and basic plasma lipid parameters were then estimated. Deficiencies of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid were found in all the groups of CVD patients and in Group 2 (BMI 32.9 +/- 4.5) of this Central European population. Unfavorable alterations in FA composition and clinical biochemistry parameters were found in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy (Group 3). Further, 75% of Group 1 (blood donors) had an average plasma PUFA level in the worst quartile for relative risk of cardiovascular events. Tailored n-3 PUFA supplementation should be recommended not only for secondary prevention in patients suffering from CVD but also for primary prevention in overweight and obese persons with a proven deficiency.
The effect of the a regional cardioprotective nutritional program on inflammatory biomarkers and metabolic risk factors in secondary prevention for cardiovascular disease, a randomised trial; Background & aims: To evaluate the effect of the Brazilian Cardioprotective Diet Program (BALANCE Program) on inflammatory biomarkers, involved in the pathophysiology of the atherosclerosis, on inflammatory biomarkers, cardiovascular risk factors, and on plasma fatty acids in cardiovascular disease secondary prevention patients. Methods: In this substudy of the BALANCE Program randomized clinical trial, a total of 369 patients aged 45 years or older, who have experienced cardiovascular disease in the previous 10 years, were included. These patients were randomized into two groups and followed up for six months: BALANCE Program group and control group (conventional nutrition advice). In the initial and six-month final visits, anthropometry (body weight, height and waist circumference), food intake evaluation by 24-h dietary recall, plasma inflammatory biomarkers (IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, tumor necrosis factor -a, adiponectin, and C-reactive protein levels), blood pressure, glycemia, insulinemia, lipid profile, and plasma fatty acids levels were evaluated. Results: The BALANCE Program group showed increased plasma alpha-linolenic acid levels (P = 0.008), reduction in waist circumference (P = 0.049) and BMI (P = 0.032). No difference was observed among plasma inflammatory biomarkers and clinical data. Conclusion: After six months of follow-up, BALANCE Program led to a significant reduction on BMI and waist circumference in individuals in secondary prevention for cardiovascular disease. Although plasmatic alpha-linolenic acid has increased, there was no impact on plasma inflammatory biomarkers. Clinical trial registration: NCT01620398. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
N-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acid therapy improves endothelial function and affects adiponectin and resistin balance in the first month after myocardial infarction; Introduction: N-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) exert clinical beneficial effects in patients after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, their exact mechanisms of action are not well recognized yet. Our aim was to evaluate effects of early introduced n-3 PUFA supplementation on endothelial function and serum adipokine concentrations in patients with AMI.
ω-3 Fatty-Acid Enriched Parenteral Nutrition in Hospitalized Patients: Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis and Trial Sequential Analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis investigated omega-3 fatty-acid enriched parenteral nutrition (PN) vs standard (non-omega-3 fatty-acid enriched) PN in adult hospitalized patients (PROSPERO 2018 CRD42018110179). We included 49 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with intervention and control groups given omega-3 fatty acids and standard lipid emulsions, respectively, as part of PN covering >= 70% energy provision. The relative risk (RR) of infection (primary outcome; 24 RCTs) was 40% lower with omega-3 fatty-acid enriched PN than standard PN (RR 0.60, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.49-0.72; P < 0.00001). Patients given omega-3 fatty-acid enriched PN had reduced mean length of intensive care unit (ICU) stay (10 RCTs; 1.95 days, 95% CI 0.42-3.49; P = 0.01) and reduced length of hospital stay (26 RCTs; 2.14 days, 95% CI 1.36-2.93; P < 0.00001). Risk of sepsis (9 RCTs) was reduced by 56% in those given omega-3 fatty-acid enriched PN (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.28-0.70; P = 0.0004). Mortality rate (co-primary outcome; 20 RCTs) showed a nonsignificant 16% reduction (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.65-1.07; P = 0.15) for the omega-3 fatty-acid enriched group. In summary, omega-3 fatty-acid enriched PN is beneficial, reducing risk of infection and sepsis by 40% and 56%, respectively, and length of both ICU and hospital stay by about 2 days. Provision of omega-3-enriched lipid emulsions should be preferred over standard lipid emulsions in patients with an indication for PN.
Omega-3 index and blood pressure responses to eating foods naturally enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a randomized controlled trial; Diets low in seafood omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are very prevalent. Such diets have recently been ranked as the sixth most important dietary risk factor-1.5 million deaths and 33 million disability-adjusted life-years worldwide are attributable to this deficiency. Wild oily fish stocks are insufficient to feed the world's population, and levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in farmed fish have more than halved in the last 20 years. Here we report on a double-blinded, controlled trial, where 161 healthy normotensive adults were randomly allocated to eat at least three portions/week of omega-3-PUFA enriched (or control) chicken-meat, and to eat at least three omega-3-PUFA enriched (or control) eggs/week, for 6 months. We show that regular consumption of omega-3-PUFA enriched chicken-meat and eggs significantly increased the primary outcome, the red cell omega-3 index (mean difference [98.75% confidence interval] from the group that ate both control foods, 1.7% [0.7, 2.6]). Numbers of subjects with a very high-risk omega-3 index (index<4%) were more than halved amongst the group that ate both enriched foods. Furthermore, eating the enriched foods resulted in clinically relevant reductions in diastolic blood pressure (- 3.1 mmHg [- 5.8, - 0.3]). We conclude that chicken-meat and eggs, naturally enriched with algae-sourced omega-3-PUFAs, may serve as alternative dietary sources of these essential micronutrients. Unlike many lifestyle interventions, long-term population health benefits do not depend on willingness of individuals to make long-lasting difficult dietary changes, but on the availability of a range of commonly eaten, relatively inexpensive, omega-3-PUFA enriched foods.
Habitual dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids in relation to inflammatory markers among US men and women; Background-Polyunsaturated fatty acid intake favorably affects chronic inflammatory-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease; however, high intake of n-6 fatty acids may attenuate the known beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids.
Healthy intakes of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids: estimations considering worldwide diversity; Background: The worldwide diversity of dietary intakes of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids influences tissue compositions of n-3 long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs: eicosapentaenoic, docosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic acids) and risks of cardiovascular and mental illnesses.
New products from the agri-food industry: The return of n-3 fatty acids into the food supply; The meat from animals and fish in the wild, chicken eggs produced under complete natural conditions, and wild plants contain higher amounts of n-3 fatty acids compared to domesticated or cultivated ones. The composition of meats, fish, and eggs is dependent on animal feed. Fish-meal, flax, and n-3 from algae in animal feeds increase the n-3 fatty acid content of egg yolks and lead to the availability of n-3 fatty acid-enriched eggs in the marketplace. Research is ongoing for the production of n-3 fatty acid-enriched products from poultry, beef, lamb, pork, milk, bakery products, etc. In the case of n-3 fatty acid-enriched eggs, the egg under complete natural conditions (Creek or Ampelistra egg) can serve as a guide for proper composition. Otherwise, the amount of n-3 fatty acids is determined by the organoleptic properties of the products, it is essential in the process of returning the n-3 fatty acids into the food supply that the balance of n-6/n-3 fatty acids in the diet that existed during evolution is maintained. Clinical investigations confirm the importance of n-3 fatty acids for normal function during growth and development and in the modulation of chronic diseases. The availability of n-3 fatty acid-enriched products should lead to improvements in the food supply. Pregnant and lactating women and infants should benefit since their diet is deficient in n-3 fatty acids, especially for the vegetarians among them. Studies with n-3-enriched eggs lower cholesterol levels, platelet aggregation, and blood pressure. Since cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and autoimmune, allergic, and neurological disorders appear to respond to n-3 fatty acid supplementation, a diet balanced in n-3 and n-6 fatty acids consistent with the diet during human evolution should decrease or delay their manifestation.
A new pure ω-3 eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (AMR101) for the management of hypertriglyceridemia: the MARINE trial; omega-3 fatty acids reduce triglyceride (TG) levels, but corresponding increases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels may compromise achievement of lipid goals in patients with elevated cardiovascular risk. AMR101 is an investigational agent containing >= 96% of pure icosapent ethyl (the ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid). The Phase III Multi-Center, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized, Double-Blind, 12-Week Study with an Open-Label Extension (MARINE) investigated the efficacy and safety of AMR101 in 229 patients with very high TG levels (>= 500 mg/dl). AMR101 4 g/day significantly reduced median placebo-adjusted TG levels from baseline by 33.1% (p < 0.0001), and AMR101 2 g/day reduced TG levels by 19.7% (p = 0.0051). Changes in LDL-C were minimal and nonsignificant. AMR101 may offer substantial TG lowering without increases in LDL-C levels.
HS-Omega-3 Index: clinical value of standardized fatty acid analysis; Fatty acids are measured in various compartments, with highly variable results. Because analytical methods differ, results differ substantially, even when identical compartments are measured. Therefore, scientific results of fatty acid analyses could not be applied to clinical routine; and fatty acid analysis has no place in clinical routine. The HS-Omega-3 Index is the percentage of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in erythrocytes, as measured with a strictly standardized method, assessing another 24 fatty acids, and subjected to rigorous quality assurance. So far, 143 publications and >50 ongoing research projects are based on the HS-Omega-3 Index. A low HS-Omega-3 Index is a cardiovascular risk factor, and associated with suboptimal brain structure and function, as assessed with neurological and psychiatric methods. In intervention studies based on the HS-Omega-3 Index, many aspects of the health issues mentioned were improved in a consistent manner, whereas intervention studies with a conventional study design showed less consistent results. The HS-Omega-3 Index demonstrates the relevance of fatty acid analysis in clinical routine. In the USA, but not yet in Europe, the HS-Omega-3 Index has appeared in clinical routine.
Long-chain n-3 fatty acids and mortality in elderly patients; Background: Long-chain n-3 fatty acids may favorably modulate many diseases. The evidence is firm for coronary heart disease, less certain for stroke, and only speculative for other diseases. The impact of these fatty acids on mortality among acutely sick elderly patients is unknown. Objective: The objective was to investigate the relation between long-chain n-3 fatty acids and overall mortality in acutely sick elderly patients. Design: Frail, elderly patients (n = 254) acutely admitted to St Olavs Hospital in central Norway were examined. The plasma phospholipid concentration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was used as a surrogate marker for dietary intake of marine fatty acids. Mortality rates were evaluated after 3 y of follow-up. Cox proportional hazard analysis was used to calculate hazard ratios adjusted for important biochemical and clinical covariates. Results: The hazard ratio of overall mortality was significantly higher in patients with EPA concentrations in the lowest quartile than in patients in the upper 3 quartiles (adjusted hazard ratio: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.35, 0.77). The upper 3 quartiles were not significantly different from one another (P = 0.94). Conclusions: Overall mortality in frail, elderly, acutely sick patients was inversely and nonlinearly associated with EPA concentrations. Approximately 25% of the population had EPA concentrations below the indicated threshold for maximal protection, suggesting that only this part of the population might have benefited from additional EPA intake.
Associations of serum <i>n</i>-3 and <i>n</i>-6 PUFA and hair mercury with the risk of incident stroke in men: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD); PUFA have been associated with lower risk of CVD, but less is known about their association with stroke risk. Fish, a major source of n-3 PUFA, may also contain methylmercury, which has been associated with higher risk of CVD and attenuation of the benefits of long-chain n-3 PUFA. We investigated the associations of serum n-3 and n-6 PUFA and hair Hg with risk of stroke in men. A total of 1828 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD at baseline in 1984-1989 were studied. Cox regression models were used for the analyses. During the mean follow-up of 21 . 2 years, 202 stroke cases occurred, of which 153 were ischaemic strokes. After adjustment for age and examination year, the only statistically significant association among the n-3 and n-6 PUFA was observed between the n-3 PUFA alpha-linolenic acid and risk of haemorrhagic stroke (hazard ratio in the highest v. the lowest quartile 0.33; 95% CI 0.13, 0.86; P-trend= 0.03). However, further adjustments attenuated the association to statistically non-significant. Hair Hg was not associated with stroke risk, but among those with hair Hg above the median level, higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentrations were associated with a higher risk of ischaemic stroke. In our cohort of men, serum n-3 or n-6 PUFA or hair Hg were not associated with stroke risk; however, the interaction between Hg and long-chain n-3 PUFA with regard to ischaemic stroke risk warrants further investigation.
A Protective Lipidomic Biosignature Associated with a Balanced Omega-6/Omega-3 Ratio in <i>fat</i>-<i>1</i> Transgenic Mice; A balanced omega-6/omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio has been linked to health benefits and the prevention of many chronic diseases. Current dietary intervention studies with different sources of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) lack appropriate control diets and carry many other confounding factors derived from genetic and environmental variability. In our study, we used the fat-1 transgenic mouse model as a proxy for long-term omega-3 supplementation to determine, in a well-controlled manner, the molecular phenotype associated with a balanced omega-6/omega-3 ratio. The fat-1 mouse can convert omega-6 to omega-3 PUFAs, which protect against a wide variety of diseases including chronic inflammatory diseases and cancer. Both wild-type (WT) and fat-1 mice were subjected to an identical diet containing 10% corn oil, which has a high omega-6 content similar to that of the Western diet, for a six-month duration. We used a multi-platform lipidomic approach to compare the plasma lipidome between fat-1 and WT mice. In fat-1 mice, an unbiased profiling showed a significant increase in the levels of unesterified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), EPA-containing cholesteryl ester, and omega-3 lysophosphospholipids. The increase in omega-3 lipids is accompanied by a significant reduction in omega-6 unesterified docosapentaenoic acid (omega-6 DPA) and DPA-containing cholesteryl ester as well as omega-6 phospholipids and triacylglycerides. Targeted lipidomics profiling highlighted a remarkable increase in EPA-derived diols and epoxides formed via the cytochrome P450 (CYP450) pathway in the plasma of fat-1 mice compared with WT mice. Integration of the results of untargeted and targeted analyses has identified a lipidomic biosignature that may underlie the healthful phenotype associated with a balanced omega-6/omega-3 ratio, and can potentially be used as a circulating biomarker for monitoring the health status and the efficacy of omega-3 intervention in humans.
Omega-3 fatty acids - Role in cardiovascular health and disease; Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, play an important role in cardiovascular health and disease. Clinical trials provide substantial evidence to support current dietary recommendations for omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease management. The cardioprotective benefits of omega-3 fatty acids may be attributed to multiple physiological effects on lipids, blood pressure, vascular function, cardiac rhythms, platelet function, and inflammatory responses. The metabolism of omega-3 fatty acids, physiological effects, and clinical considerations with current dietary recommendations and sources of omega-3 fatty acids are presented.
Effect of marine n-3 fatty acids on circulating inflammatory markers in healthy subjects and subjects with cardiovascular risk factors; The aim of the present paper was to review the literature in order to summarize the effects of marine n-3 fatty acids on circulating inflammatory markers among healthy subjects, subjects with high risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and in patients with CVD in human intervention studies.
Cardiovascular Effects of Consumption of Black Versus English Walnuts; English walnuts have been shown to decrease cardiovascular disease risk; however, black walnuts do not appear to have not been studied for their cardioprotective effects. The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of English versus black walnut consumption on blood lipids, body weight, fatty-acid composition of red blood cell (RBC) membranes, and endothelial function. Consumption of 30 g of English walnuts per day for 30 days, by 36 human participants, improved blood lipids; the effects of black walnuts were dependent on the participant's sex. Addition of either nut to the diet did not result in weight gain. The fatty-acid composition of RBC membranes was favorably affected by walnut consumption. RBC polyunsaturated fatty acids increased after consumption of either type of nut; however, eicosapentaenoic acid increased significantly more after English walnut consumption. Endothelial function of 6 unmedicated humans with hypercholesterolemia was maintained after consumption of English walnuts with a meal high in high saturated fats; however, consumption of black walnuts with the same meal did not maintain endothelial function. Overall, these results support the recommendation that consumption of 1 oz of English walnuts per day may decrease cardiovascular risk, but more research on black walnut consumption is necessary before an appropriate recommendation can be made.
Different dietary fatty acids are associated with blood lipids in healthy South African men and women: The PURE study; Background: Preliminary data from the baseline Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study in South Africa indicated a higher prevalence of dyslipidemia than previous South African studies. The intake of specific individual dietary fatty acids may affect blood lipids differently than sub-groups of fat (i.e. polyunsaturated fatty acids). We investigated the dietary intake of different individual fatty acids and their associations with blood lipids, in relation to urbanization and gender.
Pilot assessment of omega-3 fatty acids and potassium thiocyanate in sickle cell anemia patients with conditional peak systolic cerebral artery blood velocity; Objective: The purpose of this pilot study was to explore the effect of omega-3 fatty acids and potassium thiocyanate on conditional peak systolic cerebral artery blood velocity in children with sickle cell anemia (SCA).
ω3-polyunsaturated fatty acids induce cell death through apoptosis and autophagy in glioblastoma cells: <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>; Among brain tumors, glioblastoma (GBM) is the most aggressive type and is associated with the lowest patient survival rate. Numerous lines of evidence have established that omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) have potential for the prevention and therapy of several types of cancers. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega 3-PUFA, was reported to inhibit growth and induce apoptotic and autophagic cell death in several cancer cell lines; however, its effects on GBM cells are still unknown. in the present study, we examined the cytotoxic effect of DHA on the GBM cell lines, D54MG, U87MG, U251MG and GL261. Treatment of GBM cells with DHA induced PARP cleavage, increased the population of sub-G1 cells, and increased the number of TUNEL-positive cells, which are all indicative of apoptosis. Furthermore, treatment of GBM cells with DHA resulted in a significant increase in autophagic activity, as revealed by increased LC3-II levels, GFP-LC3 puncta, and autophagic flux activation, accompanied by activation of 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and decreases in phosphorylated Akt (p-AktSer(473)) levels and mTOR activity. In vivo, endogenous expression of Caenorhabditis elegans omega 3-desaturase, which converts omega 6-PUFAs to omega 3-PUFAs, in fat-1 transgenic mice yielded a significant decrease in tumor volume following subcutaneous injection of mouse glioma cells (GL261), when compared with wild-type mice. TUNEL-positive cell numbers and LC3-II levels were elevated in tumor tissue from the fat-1 transgenic mice compared with tumor tissue from the wild-type mice. In addition, p-Akt levels were decreased and p-AMPK levels were increased in tumor tissue from the fat-1 transgenic mice. These results indicate that omega 3-PUFAs induce cell death through apoptosis and autophagy in GBM cells; thus, it may be possible to use omega 3-PUFAs as chemopreventive and therapeutic agents for GBM.
Bioequivalence of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from foods enriched with a novel vegetable-based omega-3 delivery system compared to gel capsules: a randomized controlled cross-over acute trial; Purpose To evaluate bioavailability of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) from foods enriched with novel vegetable-based encapsulated algal oil across Australian and Singaporean populations. Methods 27 men (n = 12 Australian European; n = 15 Singaporean Chinese), 21-50 yr; 18-27.5 kg/m(2), with low habitual intake of omega-3 LCPUFA completed a multicentre randomised controlled acute 3-way cross-over single-blind trial. They consumed, in random order 1-week apart after an overnight fast, standard breakfast meals including 400 mg docosahexanoic acid (DHA) from either extruded rice snacks or soup both containing cauliflower-encapsulated HiDHA(R) algal oil or gel capsules containing HiDHA(R) algal oil. Blood samples for analysis of plasma DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were taken pre-meal and after 2, 4, 6, 8 and 24 h. Primary analyses comparing 24-h incremental area under the plasma DHA, EPA and DHA + EPA concentration (mu g/ml) curves (iAUC(0-24 h)) between test foods were performed using linear mixed models by including ethnicity as an interaction term. Results Plasma iAUC(0-24 h) did not differ significantly between test foods (adjusted mean [95% CI] plasma DHA + EPA: extruded rice snack, 8391 [5550, 11233] mu g/mL*hour; soup, 8862 [6021, 11704] mu g/mL*hour; capsules, 11,068 [8226, 13910] mu g/mL*hour, P = 0.31) and did not differ significantly between Australian European and Singaporean Chinese (treatment*ethnicity interaction, P = 0.43). Conclusion The vegetable-based omega-3 LCPUFA delivery system did not affect bioavailability of omega-3 LCPUFA in healthy young Australian and Singaporean men as assessed after a single meal over 24 h, nor was bioavailability affected by ethnicity. This novel delivery system may be an effective way to fortify foods/beverages with omega-3 LCPUFA.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid <i>versus</i> α-linolenic acid supplementation on cardiometabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Previous randomized controlled trials (RCTs) made direct comparisons between EPA/DHA versus ALA on improving cardiovascular risk factors and have reached inconsistent findings. The aim of this meta-analysis was to compare the effects of EPA/DHA vs. ALA supplementation on cardiometabolic disturbances. Databases including MEDLINE, Embase, PubMed and Cochrane Trials were searched until December 2019. The pooled effects (weighted mean difference, WMD) of outcomes with moderate and high heterogeneity were calculated with a random-effects model, while low heterogeneity was calculated with a fixed-effect model. Fourteen RCTs with 1137 participants who met the eligibility criteria were pooled. Compared with participants supplemented with ALA, those who received EPA/DHA supplementation experienced a greater reduction in triglycerides (TG) (WMD -0.191 mmol l(-1); 95% CI -0.249, -0.133) but a greater increase in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) (WMD 0.033 mmol l(-1); 95% CI 0.004, 0.062), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (WMD 0.130 mmol l(-1); 95% CI 0.006, 0.253) and total cholesterol (TC) (WMD 0.179 mmol l(-1); 95% CI 0.006, 0.352). In subgroup analyses, the WMD for TG was much lower in trials with participants >40 years old (-0.246 mmol l(-1); 95% CI -0.325, -0.167). When DHA and EPA were separately administered, modest increases in HDL were observed in trials that used DHA as a supplement (0.161 mmol l(-1); 95% CI 0.017, 0.304), but not in trials using EPA (0.040 mmol l(-1); 95% CI -0.132, 0.212). In conclusion, dietary EPA/DHA supplementation improved the TG and HDL status but increased LDL levels in comparison with ALA.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory factors in HIV-infected patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; High concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) and inflammatory markers are common in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients and are associated with non-HIV related comorbidity and mortality. Data on the benefits of omega-3 fatty acid (omega-3 FA) supplementation for improving inflammation status in HIV-infected patients are controversial. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis on the beneficial effects of omega-3 FAs on controlling inflammation in HIV-infected patients. We conducted a comprehensive search of the major biomedical databases, including PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane library, for all potentially relevant studies published without restriction from the beginning of time to June 2020. Overall, nine RCTs were included comprising a total of 427 participants. A random-effects model was used to calculate 95% confidence intervals (CI) and the effect was measured as standardized mean difference (SMD). Supplementation of omega-3 FAs showed a significant reduction of CRP (SMD: -0.27, 95% CI: -0.48 to -0.07, P = 0.007). There was no significant difference in levels of TNF-alpha (SMD: 0.03, 95% CI: -0.79 to 0.85, P = 0.94, I-2 = 87%) and IL-6 (SMD: -0.13, 95% CI: -0.59 to 0.32, P = 0.57, I-2 = 73%, Fig. 3). The results indicate that the supplementation of omega-3 FAs in HIV-infected patients significantly decreases serum CRP levels when compared to the control group, however has no significant effect on IL-6 and TNF-alpha levels.
Early protection against sudden death by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after myocardial infarction - Time-course analysis of the results of the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevenzione; Background-Our purpose was to assess the time course of the benefit of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on mortality documented by the GISSI-Prevenzione trial in patients surviving a recent (<3 months) myocardial infarction.
Effects of switching from omega-3-acid ethyl esters to icosapent ethyl in a statin-treated patient with elevated triglycerides; In patients with dyslipidemia, elevated triglyceride (TG) levels, or TG-rich lipoproteins, and cardiovascular risk may remain despite statin therapy. Prescription omega-3 fatty acid formulations containing the ethyl esters of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (omega-3-acid ethyl esters; Lovaza (R)) or high-purity EPA ethyl ester (icosapent ethyl; Vascepa (R)) are TG-lowering treatments that may be administered in addition to statins. Here we describe the effects of switching from omega-3-acid ethyl esters to icosapent ethyl in a 44-year- old obese man with dyslipidemia, hypertension, and hypothyroidism. The patient was receiving stable treatment with medications, including atorvastatin 40 mg/day and extended-release niacin 1000 mg/day. Owing to persistently elevated TG levels and other cardiovascular risk factors, the patient was initiated on omega-3-acid ethyl esters 4 g/day. After approximately 2 years on omega-3-acid ethyl esters, his total cholesterol (TC) level was 184 mg/dL, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level was 81 mg/dL, TG level was elevated at 307 mg/dL despite statin therapy, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) level was 144 mg/dL. After the switch to icosapent ethyl, TC level decreased by 34% to 121 mg/dL, LDLC level decreased by 28% to 58 mg/dL, TG level decreased by 41% to 180 mg/dL, and non-HDL-C level decreased by 44% to 81 mg/dL. Switching from omega-3-acid ethyl esters containing both EPA and DHA to icosapent ethyl containing high-purity EPA resulted in beneficial and substantial changes in the lipid profile with a notable reduction of TG levels along with additional reductions in LDL-C levels in a statin-treated obese patient with persistently high TG levels. Treatment with icosapent ethyl was well tolerated.
Erythrocyte Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids Are Positively Associated with Lean Mass and Grip Strength in Women with Recent Diagnoses of Breast Cancer; Background: Sarcopenia may hasten the risk of mortality in women with breast cancer. Long-chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFAs) may favor muscle mass which, in turn, could enhance resilience of cancer patients toward cancer treatment.
Neuropsychiatric Symptoms, Omega-3, and Mercury Exposure in Freshwater Fish-Eaters; Mercury is a neurotoxin, absorbed primarily through fish consumption. However, the nutritional benefit from omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) may offset the deleterious effects of mercury. Increased n-3 FA have been associated with lower rates of mood disorders. The authors examined neuropsychiatric symptoms among 243 freshwater fish-eaters, with low serum n-3 FA (median = 0.11 mg/mL) and low mercury exposure (median in blood and hair = 2.22 and 0.54 mu g/g). They assessed neuropsychiatric symptoms with the Brief Symptom Inventory. The results did not show the expected inverse association between serum n-3 FA and neuropsychiatric symptoms. For men who consumed more than 130 g of alcohol per week, the authors observed a positive association between serum n-3 FA and neuropsychiatric symptoms, possibly reflecting an alcohol-related release of n-3 FA from membranes into blood. They observed a positive relation between hair mercury and neuropsychiatric symptoms solely for women, suggesting that men may respond differently to mercury.
Association of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid intake with leukocyte telomere length in US males; Background Omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) fatty acids may contribute to oxidative stress and inflammation, which are related to telomere shortening. Evidence supporting an association between intake of n-3 or n-6 fatty acids and leukocyte telomere length (LTL) in males has been limited. Objectives We conducted a cross-sectional study to examine the associations of total or individual n-3 or total n-6 fatty acid intake with LTL in US males. Methods We included 2,494 US males with LTL measurement from 4 nested case-control studies within the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study. Individuals with previous histories of cancers, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases at or before blood collection were excluded. Blood collection was performed between 1993 and 1995, and relevant information including n-3 and n-6 intake was collected in 1994 by questionnaire. The LTL was log-transformed and Z scores of the LTL were calculated for statistical analyses by standardizing the LTL in comparison with the mean within each selected nested case-control study. Results We found that consumption of DHA (22:6n-3) was positively associated with LTL. In the multivariable-adjusted model, compared with individuals who had the lowest intake of DHA (i.e., first quartile group), the percentage differences (95% CIs) of LTL were -3.7 (-13.7, 7.5), 7.0 (-4.3, 19.7), and 8.2 (-3.5, 21.3) for individuals in the second, third, and fourth quartiles of consumption, respectively (P-trend = 0.0498). We did not find significant associations between total n-3 or total n-6 fatty acid intakes and LTL. In addition, we found that males who consumed canned tuna had longer LTL than those who did not; in the multivariable-adjusted model, the percentage difference of LTL was 10.5 (95% CI: 1.3, 20.4) (P = 0.02). Conclusions Our results suggest that higher intakes of DHA and canned tuna consumption are associated with longer LTL.
Supplementation of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Prevents Increase in Arterial Stiffness After Experimental Menopause; Background: Menopause is associated with increased arterial stiffness, an independent marker of cardiovascular risk. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (N3-PUFAs) are thought to have multiple cardiovascular benefits, including prevention of arterial stiffness. We investigated whether treatment with N3-PUFA prevents increase in arterial stiffness in ovariectomized rats, an animal model of experimental menopause.
A highlight on CD4<SUP>+</SUP> T-cells in the spleen in a rat model of rheumatoid arthritis and possible therapeutic effect of omega-3. Histological and Immunofluorescence study; Background: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA), a primary chronic articular disease with wide range of extra-articular and systemic effects. The spleen is one of the most affected organs in RA. CD4(+) T cells play an important role in initiation, maintenance and control of the disease.
Addressing Lipid Treatment Targets Beyond Cholesterol: A Role for Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acid Therapy; Decreasing very high triglyceride (TG) levels (>= 500 mg/dL) is recommended to prevent pancreatitis. Decreasing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is the primary lipid treatment target to reduce the risk of atherosclerotic coronary heart disease. A secondary lipid treatment target for patients at LDL-C goal, but with persistent TG elevations, includes achievement of non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol goals (non-HIDL-C). Statins are the mainstay of therapy to lower LDL-C, but statin monotherapy may not achieve all lipid treatment goals. Thus, in patients with multiple lipid abnormalities, combination lipid-altering therapy is often necessary. Drugs such as niacin and fibrates provide lipid benefits beyond LDL-C when used in combination with a statin. Prescription omega-3-fatty acids combined with statin therapy also provide improvements in lipid parameters beyond cholesterol alone.
Twelve-Week Daily Consumption of <i>ad hoc</i> Fortified Milk with ω-3, D, and Group B Vitamins Has a Positive Impact on Inflammaging Parameters: A Randomized Cross-Over Trial; Background and Aim: A state of chronic, subclinical inflammation known as inflammaging is present in elderly people and represents a risk factor for all age-related diseases. Dietary supplementation with ad hoc fortified foods seems an appealing strategy to counteract inflammaging. The purpose of this study was to test the efficacy of elderly-tailored fortified milk on inflammaging and different health parameters. Methods: A double-blind randomized cross-over study was performed on forty-eight volunteers aged 63-80 years. The fortified milk was enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA), vitamins (25-hydroxyvitamin D, E, C, B6, B9, B12), and trace elements (zinc, selenium). The two intervention periods lasted for 12 weeks, with a 16-week washout intermission. Results: Compared to placebo, the consumption of fortified milk increased the circulating levels of different micronutrients, including vitamins and the omega-3 index of erythrocyte membranes. Conversely, it reduced the amount of arachidonic acid, homocysteine, and omega-6/omega-3 ratio. Conclusion: Twelve-week daily consumption of ad hoc fortified milk has an overall positive impact on different health parameters related to inflammaging in the elderly.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Low Density Lipoprotein Subfraction, Adiponectin and Apolipoprotein B in Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil have been reported to exert a beneficial effect on reducing cardiovascular disease. Reports about their mechanism have generated several interesting findings, including a change in small dense low density lipoprotein (sdLDL) cholesterol proportion, adiponectin, and apolipoprotein B (apoB), in addition to changes in the lipid profile. The principal objective of our study was to evaluate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on plasma sdLDL, adiponectin, apoB100, and B48 in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Saliva cortisol responses to altered plasma PUFA patterns in guinea pigs; PUFA modulate hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity and cortisol concentrations and therefore affect physiological stress responses and the regulation of energy balance in the short- and long-term. Especially dietary intake of n-3 PUFA and a lowered n-6:n-3 ratio are highly encouraged due to beneficial and diminishing effects on basal cortisol secretions. However, the time of such effects to occur and how plasma PUFA patterns affect cortisol concentrations in the short-term was rarely investigated. In order to address this, we supplemented forty male and forty female guinea pigs with diets high in the essential PUFA alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18 : 3n-3) and linoleic acid (LA, 18 : 2n-6) for 20 d. Saliva cortisol concentrations in relation to altering plasma PUFA patterns during this time span were analysed in a repeated measurement design both during basal conditions (individual housing) in 5-d intervals and during stressful social confrontations. We detected very fast plasma PUFA accumulation rates, corresponding to the major dietary PUFA, which resulted in plasma PUFA plateau phases after 10 d. ALA negatively and LA positively affected saliva cortisol concentrations throughout the study. A positive effect of the plasma n-6:n-3 ratio on saliva cortisol concentrations was detected during peak plasma PUFA accumulations and social confrontations, while no effects were detected in relation to plasma PUFA plateau phases. These results suggest that the plasma n-6:n-3 ratio diminishes HPA axis activity during altered physiological conditions only and highlights the importance of altering plasma PUFA patterns for HPA axis functions and the control of energy balance and physiological stress.
Modulation of inflammation and immunity by Omega-3 fatty acids: a possible role for prevention and to halt disease progression in autoimmune, viral, and age-related disorders; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties, while Omega-6 have pro-inflammatory effects, and the balance between the two is an important aspect of healthy nutrition. Over the last 30 years, however, the Western diet has shifted largely from Omega-3 to Omega-6 consumption. Uncontrolled aberrant and chronic inflammation is a leading component of many common diseases, including arthritis, cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, cancer, obesity, autoimmune diseases, and infective diseases. Eicosanoids derived from Omega-6 participate in the inflammatory process, while Omega-3 PUFA have the opposite effect. Many favorable effects of Omega-3 are believed to result from their anti-inflammatory properties, but eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) also have inhibitory effects on immune cells and reduce proinflammatory cytokine release. All these mechanisms can be beneficial in autoimmunity. No effective preventions or definite cures for autoimmune diseases are yet known because pathophysiology is also unclear. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation is associated with a significant reduction in disease activity in several autoimmune diseases, like type 1 diabetes (T1D), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and multiple sclerosis (MS). Studies of viral diseases, including COVID-19, show improvement in symptom severity, recovery prognosis, and probability of survival with the use of Omega-3. Finally, the evidence of the beneficial effect of Omega-3 on metabolic diseases associated with aging is persuasive; various studies have demonstrated that their consumption improves lipids, fatty liver disease, obesity, cognitive function, and cardiovascular complications of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Omega-3 PUFA have also been shown to support an anti-inflammatory effect in older age and to have favorable effects on age-related disease's complications, frailty, and mortality. A healthy Omega-6/3 PUFA ratio should be targeted for the modulation of low-grade inflammation, as well as for the prevention of immune dysregulation and complications of uncontrolled inflammation triggered by infections, development, and progression of autoimmune disorders, and the consequences of oxidative stress due to aging. There is still a need for randomized clinical studies to validate current evidence supporting supplementation with correct doses of Omega-3 PUFA in autoimmune and chronic disease prevention.
STRESS AND FATTY LIVER - POSSIBLE INDICATIONS FOR DIETARY LONG-CHAIN N-3 FATTY-ACIDS; The favourable effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)- and doco-sahexaenoic acid (DHA)-rich diets (marine fish, fish oil) on several risk factors for cardiovascular disease are well established. The present survey describes possible new indications for diets supplemented with long-chain n-3 fatty acids. During a standardized psychophysiological stress test (arithmetic, sentence completion tasks) systolic blood pressure after 2 weeks of diets supplemented with either 60 ml/day of sunflower or linseed oil was significantly decreased. During the sunflower oil-rich diet 45 g/day of linoleic acid (LA) and during the linseed oil-rich period 38 g/day of alpha-linolenic acid (LNA) were ingested. After a 2-week diet supplemented with mackerel (2 cans/day equivalent to 2.2 g/day of EPA and 2.8 g/day of DHA) systolic and diastolic blood pressure within the same test design appeared significantly lower. After a herring diet providing 2 cans/day, equivalent to 1.0 g of EPA and 1.8 g of DHA, the blood pressure-lowering effect was minor. The increase of thromboxane B2 (TxB2) during the stress test failed to occur after the fish diets. The results suggest a stress-protective effect of polyenoic acid-rich diets, which appears most pronounced and dose-related after long-chain n-3 fatty acids.
Muscle function and omega-3 fatty acids in the prediction of lean body mass after breast cancer treatment; Background: Decreased lean body mass (LBM) is common in breast cancer survivors yet currently there is a lack of information regarding the determinants of LBM after treatment, in particular, the effect of physical activity and dietary factors, such as long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCn-3) on LBM and LBM function. This cross-sectional study explored associations of LBM and function with LCn-3 intake, dietary intake, inflammation, quality of life (QOL) and physical fitness in breast cancer survivors to improve clinical considerations when addressing body composition change.
Effect of Meal-Timing on the Association of Unsaturated Fatty Acids with All-Cause and Cardiovascular Mortality among Adults: A Prospective Cohort Study with 10-Year Follow-Up; Background: Conflicting results have been reported on the association of dietary unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) with longevity and cardiovascular health. Most previous studies have focused only on the amount of UFAs consumed, not the timing of intake. Methods: This prospective cohort study used data from 30,136 adults aged 18 years and older. Intakes of UFAs by meal time and types were assessed by a 24-h dietary recall for two days. The covariate-adjusted survey-weighted Cox proportional hazards models were performed to evaluate the associations of dietary total unsaturated fatty acid (TUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) intakes throughout the day and three meals with mortality. Results: During a median of 10.0 years of follow-up, 4510 total deaths occurred. All-cause mortality decreased with increasing intakes at dinner of TUFA (HR: 0.87 [0.77-0.98]), PUFA (HR: 0.81 [0.73-0.91]), and MUFA (HR: 0.88 [0.77-0.99]). With an increased intake of PUFA at dinner, CVD mortality showed a decreasing trend. However, the inverted L-shaped non-linear trend in all-cause mortality was found with increasing intake at breakfast of TUFA (HR: 1.35 [1.17-1.57], Q3 vs. Q1), PUFA (HR: 1.30 [1.13-1.50]), and MUFA (HR: 1.28 [1.13-1.45]). Meanwhile, increased breakfast intake of UFAs was associated with increased CVD and heart disease mortality. Conclusions: Meal timing influences the association of UFAs with all-cause and CVD-related mortality.
Oxidation of Marine Omega-3 Supplements and Human Health; Marine omega-3 rich oils are used by more than a third of American adults for a wide range of purported benefits including prevention of cardiovascular disease. These oils are highly prone to oxidation to lipid peroxides and other secondary oxidation products. Oxidized oils may have altered biological activity making them ineffective or harmful, though there is also evidence that some beneficial effects of marine oils could be mediated through lipid peroxides. To date, human clinical trials have not reported the oxidative status of the trial oil. This makes it impossible to understand the importance of oxidation to efficacy or harm. However, animal studies show that oxidized lipid products can cause harm. Oxidation of trial oils may be responsible for the conflicting omega-3 trial literature, including the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The oxidative state of an oil can be simply determined by the peroxide value and anisidine value assays. We recommend that all clinical trials investigating omega-3 harms or benefits report the results of these assays; this will enable better understanding of the benefits and harms of omega-3 and the clinical importance of oxidized supplements.
Mediterranean diet in secondary prevention of CHD; Objective: To summarise our present knowledge on the Mediterranean diet in secondary prevention of CHD.
Production of Unsaturated Fatty Acid from <i>Rhizopus oligosporus</i> with Temperature Shift Strategy to Prevent Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease is one of the biggest killing disease in the world especially in Indonesia. The percentage risk of stricken by this disease is so high in community and even causing death. This risk is actually can be prevent with dietary consume of unsaturated fatty acid that often found in fish oil. However, the fish availability and the quality of Indonesia's ocean that nowadays polluted becomes the biggest threat. With the problem above, the alternative sources of omega 3 and omega 6 are needed whereas the source must be able to produce lipid in large number without taking a large amount of land and also economic. There are several kind of microorganism that can be use as an alternative source of fatty acid. In this research, Rhizopus oligosporus is used as fungi microorganism. Mold is used in this research, because it has a lot of advantages such as ease to handle, easily grow in low pH and able to degradate more complex carbon sources. In this research, the fermentation is processed with submerged fermentation with temperature shift strategy with variation of glucose concentration and agitation rate. The results showed that the unsaturated fatty acid content obtained in the optimum conditions both from the glucose concentration of 100 g / L and agitation rate of 120 rpm are 41.77% in MUFA and 13.41% in PUFA and the highest highest oleic and linoleic acids were also obtained at 41.06% and 13.41%.
Fish omega-3 fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease; A great amount of evidence from epidemiological studies and clinical trials supports a protective effect against coronary heart disease for fish consumption and intake of marine omega-3 fatty acids. Biological pathways for this risk reduction include membrane stabilization in the cardiac myocite, inhibition of platelet aggregation, favourable modifications of the lipid profile, decrease in blood pressure and reduction of the inflammatory response of the endothelium. Results from epidemiological studies suggest a threshold effect for the consumption of fish and omega-3 fatty acids. Risk reduction is especially important for cardiac sudden death. Nevertheless, protection against non-fatal coronary heart disease has also been observed. Recently published studies have shown that mercury intake, present in high concentrations in fish, could counteract the beneficial effect from fish consumption.
Role of n-3 fatty acids in muscle loss and myosteatosis; Image-based methods such as computed tomography for assessing body composition enables quantification of muscle mass and muscle density and reveals that low muscle mass and myosteatosis (fat infiltration into muscle) are common in people with cancer. Myosteatosis and low muscle mass have emerged as independent risk factors for mortality in cancer; however, the characteristics and pathogenesis of these features have not been resolved. Muscle depletion is associated with low plasma eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3) in cancer and supplementation with n-3 fatty acids has been shown to ameliorate muscle loss and myosteatosis in clinical studies, suggesting a relationship between n-3 fatty acids and muscle health. Since the mechanisms by which n-3 fatty acids alter body composition in cancer remain unknown, related literature from other conditions associated with myosteatosis, such as insulin resistance and obesity is considered. In these noncancer conditions, it has been reported that n-3 fatty acids act by increasing insulin sensitivity, reducing inflammatory mediators, and altering adipokine profiles and transcription factors; therefore, the plausibility of these mechanisms of action in the neoplastic state are considered. The aim of this review is to summarize what is known about the effects of n-3 fatty acids with regards to muscle condition and to discuss potential mechanisms for effects of n-3 fatty acids on muscle health.
Omega-3 and Omega-6 Fatty Acids Act as Inhibitors of the Matrix Metalloproteinase-2 and Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 Activity; Polyunsaturated fatty acids have been reported to play a protective role in a wide range of diseases characterized by an increased metalloproteinases (MMPs) activity. The recent finding that omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids exert an anti-inflammatory effect in periodontal diseases has stimulated the present study, designed to determine whether such properties derive from a direct inhibitory action of these compounds on the activity of MMPs. To this issue, we investigated the effect exerted by omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids on the activity of MMP-2 and MMP-9, two enzymes that actively participate to the destruction of the organic matrix of dentin following demineralization operated by bacteria acids. Data obtained (both in vitro and on ex-vivo teeth) reveal that omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids inhibit the proteolytic activity of MMP-2 and MMP-9, two enzymes present in dentin. This observation is of interest since it assigns to these compounds a key role as MMPs inhibitors, and stimulates further study to better define their therapeutic potentialities in carious decay.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on endothelial function, arterial wall properties, inflammatory and fibrinolytic status in smokers: A cross over study; Background: Smoking is associated with endothelial dysfunction and arterial stiffness. Supplementation of omega-3 PUFAs is associated with better prognosis. Aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) supplementation on smoking-induced impairment of arterial function.
Omega-3 Oil Does Not Reduce Serious Cardiovascular Events for. Patients with Diabetes Mellitus; This study recruited adults 40 years and older with diabetes, no known cardiovascular disease, no contraindications to aspirin, and no major comorbidity that would keep them from participating in the study for at least five years. After a placebo run-in period to assure adherence, 15,480 participants were randomized to receive omega-3 fatty acids or placebo (olive oil) in identical 1-gram capsules. This was a factorial design study with patients also randomized to receive aspirin; those results are reported separately. The groups were balanced at the start of the study. The patients had a mean age of 63 years, 63% were men, and 96% were white. Almost all (94%) had type 2 diabetes. A validated risk score determined that approximately 40% of participants were at low risk of vascular events (less than 5% at five years), 40% had a five-year risk of 5% to 10%, and the remainder were at high risk. The primary outcome was a composite of nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke (excluding hemorrhagic stroke), vascular death, or transient ischemic attack. Transient ischemic attack was added after recruitment had begun, and the length of the trial was increased after lower-than-expected rates of the composite outcome were observed. Although the authors do not specifically state that the analysis was by intention to treat, for all practical purposes it was, because 99.1% of patients had completed follow-up. After a mean of 7.4 years of follow-up, there was no difference between groups for the primary composite outcome (8.9% in the omega-3 group and 9.2% in the placebo group; hazard ratio [HR] = 0.97; 95% CI, 0.87 to 1.08). There were no differences for any of the individual components of the composite, with the exception of vascular deaths (2.4% for omega-3 vs. 2.9% for placebo; HR = 0.81; CI, 0.67 to 0.99; number needed to treat = 200 for 7.4 years). All-cause mortality did not differ significantly between the groups, although the absolute difference of 0.5% mirrored that for the subset of vascular deaths.
Quantitative Approach for Incorporating Methylmercury Risks and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Benefits in Developing Species-Specific Fish Consumption Advice; BACKGROUND: Despite general agreement about the toxicity of methylmercury (MeHg), fish consumption advice remains controversial. Concerns have been raised that negative messages will steer people away from fish and omega-3 fatty acid (FA) benefits. One approach is to provide advice for individual species that highlights beneficial fish while cautioning against riskier fish.
Low-dose fish oil supplementation increases serum adiponectin without affecting inflammatory markers in overweight subjects; Obesity is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereas long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish may have cardioprotective and anti-inflammatory effects. This study aimed to investigate the hypothesis that acute and short-term supplementation with a low dose of marine n-3 PUFA exerts an anti-inflammatory effect in overweight subjects. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with 2 parallel groups, 50 overweight subjects were randomized to receive daily supplementation with 2 capsules containing either 2 g of fish oil (1.1 g marine n-3 PUFA) or 2 g of olive oil. Blood samples and adipose tissue biopsies were collected at baseline, after 1 day (acute effect), and after 6 weeks (short-term effect) of supplementation. No significant effects were seen after supplementation for I day, but after 6 weeks, subjects receiving fish oil had a significant increase in the n-3 PUFA content of granulocytes and adipose tissue (P < .01). Serum adiponectin levels were increased by 0.55 mu g/mL (95% confidence interval, 0.02-1.08) in the fish oil group compared with the control group (P = .04) after 6 weeks of supplementation. Levels of interleukin 6 were inversely correlated to the marine n-3 PUFA content of granulocytes and adipose tissue at baseline (excluding alpha-linolenic acid). In conclusion, daily supplementation with 1.1 g of marine n-3 PUFA significantly increased serum adiponectin, but the effect was small, and no overall anti-inflammatory effect of the supplement could be demonstrated. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D and omega-3 trial to prevent and treat diabetic kidney disease: Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD), defined as reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR), elevated urine albumin excretion, or both that is clinically attributable to diabetes, is a common and morbid diabetes complication. Animal-experimental data, observational human studies, and short-term clinical trials suggest that vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements may be safe and inexpensive interventions to reduce the incidence and progression of DKD. The Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial to Prevent and Treat DKD (VITAL-DKD) was designed as an ancillary study to the VITAL trial of 25,871 US adults. In a 2 x 2 factorial design, VITAL participants were randomly assigned to vitamin D-3 (cholecalciferol, 2000 IU daily) or placebo and to marine omega-3 fatty acids (eicospentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, 1 g/d) or placebo. VITAL-DKD enrolled a subset of 1326 VITAL participants with type 2 diabetes at baseline to test the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids on changes in estimated GFR and urine albumin excretion. Over five years of follow-up, VITAL-DKD collected blood and urine samples to quantify changes in estimated GFR (the primary study outcome) and urine albumin excretion. At baseline, mean age of VITAL-DKD participants was 67.6 years, 46% were women, 30% were of racial or ethnic minority, and the prevalence of DKD (estimated GFR < 60 mL/min/1.73m(2) or urine albumin-creatinine ratio >= 30 mg/g) was 17%. In this type 2 diabetes population, VITAL-DKD will test the hypotheses that vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids help prevent the development and progression of DKD.
Association of serum aryl hydrocarbon receptor activity and RBC omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with flow-mediated dilation in healthy, young Hispanic cigarette smokers; Impaired flow-mediated dilation (FMD) occurs prior to clinical disease in young cigarette smokers. We investigated two potential biomarkers of FMD: serum aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) activity and RBC omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in healthy young Hispanic cigarette smokers. We recruited never (n = 16) and current (n = 16) Hispanic smokers (32 +/- 7 years old), excluding individuals with clinical cardiovascular disease. We measured FMD with duplex ultrasound, RBC fatty acids and serum AHR activity using a luciferase reporter assay. FMD was significantly impaired in smokers (5.8 +/- 4%) versus never smokers (12.3 +/- 7.4%, p = 0.001). Serum AHR activity was significantly increased in smokers (1467 +/- 358 relative light units (RLU)) versus never smokers (689 +/- 251 RLU, p < 0.001), and correlated positively with FMD only in smokers (r = 0.691, p < 0.004). RBC percentage of a-linolenic acid (ALA%) was significantly increased in smokers (0.14 +/- 0.03%) versus never smokers (0.11 +/- 0.03%, p = 0.018), and correlated inversely with FMD only in smokers (r = -0.538, p = 0.03). The combination of serum AHR activity, ALA%, and systolic blood pressure significantly correlated with FMD in a multivariable regression model (r = 0.802, p < 0.008). These results suggest that serum AHR activity and RBC ALA% could serve as biomarkers of FMD in healthy, young Hispanic cigarette smokers. (c) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
OMEGA 3 FATTY ACIDS ASSOCIATED WITH ANTIOXIDANT VITAMINS IN METABOLIC SYNDROME MANAGEMENT, IN OBESE CHILDREN; The beneficial effects of Omega 3 fatty acids (25 mg EPA and 130 mg DHA, per day), associated with vitamins (A 200 mu g, D 1.25 mu g, E 2.5 mg and C 30 mg) were explored in hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype obese children. Obese children (10-16 years old) were divided according to the values of serum triglycerides (higher or lower than 110mg/dl) and according to the waist circumference (higher or lower than 90th percentile for age and sex) and two groups were formed. 18 children had both parameters high and formed the HWT group and 28 obese children had both parameters low and formed the nonHWT group. Comparing the two groups, the best rate for improvement was observed in HTW group for insulinemia (p<0.01 versus p<0.05), triglyceridemia (p<0.00001 versus p<0.04), ALT (p<0.009 versus p<0.02). In conclusion, in hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype obese children, Omega 3 fatty acids supplements, associated with antioxidant vitamins reduced insulin resistance and prevent metabolic syndrome and fatty liver development.
Assessing the Potential Public Health Impacts of Next Generation Foods Derived from Recombinant DNA Technology: A Case Study of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Enhanced Vegetable Oils; We assessed the potential public health impacts of foods derived from recombinant DNA technology that have been modified to have improved nutrient profiles using omega-3-enhanced vegetable oils as an example. Other examples of crops in development include canola plants with increased vitamin C and rice with higher levels of beta-carotene. The change in consumption of omega-3 fatty acids if vegetable oils were replaced with stearidonic acid-enhanced versions was estimated. The results showed that stearidonic acid and gamma-linolenic acid consumption would increase by 5.43 g/d for males and 4.14 g/d for females. The increase in stearidonic acid in eicosapentaenoic acid equivalents was 1.63 g/d for males and 1.24 g/d for females.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid and Cardiovascular Outcomes: Insights From Recent Clinical Trials; Purpose of ReviewOmega-3 fatty acids (-3 FA) are among the most well-recognized health supplements but their cardiovascular benefits have long been controversial owing to inconsistent results from previous cardiovascular outcomes trials (CVOT). In this article, we provide a short review of existing literature followed by recent randomized clinical trial data, with a discussion of the potential clinical implications of these new findings.Recent FindingsData from the randomized, controlled trial REDUCE-IT, when viewed within the context of other recently published trials ASCEND and VITAL, add to a growing body of evidence on the use of -3 FA therapies in the treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD).SummaryGiven the different formulations, dosages, and patient populations studied, CVOTs of -3 FA have provided valuable insight into the use of these agents in cardioprotection. Current data suggest that higher dosages of pure eicosapentaenoic acid -3 FA formulations provide additional benefit in reduction of ASCVD events.
Parenteral nutrition effects of Omega-3 fatty acids on C-reactive protein, high-density lipoprotein, lymphocyte characteristics and the treatment of critically ill patients; To study the effects of omega-3 fatty acid parenteral nutrition on the nutrition; inflammatory responses; immunity and prognoses of critically ill cancer patients. A total of 80 critically ill cancer patients were randomly divided into an observation group and a control group; 40 cases in each group. Both groups of patients received equal-nitrogen and equal-calorie enteral and parenteral nutrition. The observation group; on this basis, was added with omega-3 fatty acid parenteral nutrition. The weekly nutritional status measures; inflammatory response measures; immune function measures and prognosis measures (ICU mortality, ICU stay, infectious complications) of the two groups were observed. The nutrition, inflammatory response and immune measures of the observation group were improved compared with the control group. The ICU stay in the observation group was shorter than the control group. Compared with the control group; the ICU mortality rate and infectious complication rate were lower in the observation group, but the differences were not significant (P mortality 0.13, P infection rate 0.165). Omega-3 fatty acid parenteral nutrition could improve patients' nutritional status and immune function, reduce the body's inflammatory responses and shorten the length of hospital stay, but couldn't significantly improve ICU mortality and reduce the incidence of infectious complications.
Decreased circulating dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid levels are associated with total mortality in patients with acute cardiovascular disease and acute decompensated heart failure; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have important roles in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. However, the clinical significance of omega-6 PUFAs in acute cardiovascular disease remains unknown.
Omega-3 Supplementation and the Neural Correlates of Negative Affect and Impulsivity: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial in Midlife Adults; Objective In clinical trials, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation improves symptoms in psychiatric disorders involving dysregulated mood and impulse control, yet it is unclear whether in healthy adults, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation affects mood, impulse control, and the brain systems supporting these processes. Accordingly, this study tested the hypotheses that eciosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid supplementation reduces negative affect and impulsive behaviors in healthy adults and that these changes correspond to alterations in corticolimbic and corticostriatal brain systems, which support affective and impulsive processes.
The ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, Eicosapentaenoic Acid, Attenuates Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Development via Suppression of Tissue Remodeling; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is a prevalent vascular disease that can progressively enlarge and rupture with a high rate of mortality. Inflammation and active remodeling of the aortic wall have been suggested to be critical in its pathogenesis. Meanwhile, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are known to reduce cardiovascular events, but its role in AAA management remains unclear. Here, we show that EPA can attenuate murine CaCl2-induced AAA formation. Aortas from BALB/c mice fed an EPA-diet appeared less inflamed, were significantly smaller in diameter compared to those from control-diet-fed mice, and had relative preservation of aortic elastic lamina. Interestingly, CT imaging also revealed markedly reduced calcification of the aortas after EPA treatment. Mechanistically, MMP2, MMP9, and TNFSF11 levels in the aortas were reduced after EPA treatment. Consistent with this finding, RAW264.7 macrophages treated with EPA showed attenuated Mmp9 levels after TNF-alpha simulation. These results demonstrate a novel role of EPA in attenuating AAA formation via the suppression of critical remodeling pathways in the pathogenesis of AAAs, and raise the possibility of using EPA for AAA prevention in the clinical setting.
The effects of long-term diet and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on coagulation factor VII and serum phospholipids with special emphasis on the R353Q polymorphism of the FVII gene; The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of long-term diet and very long chain n-3 fatty acids (VLC n-3) intervention on plasma coagulation factor VII (FVII), choline-containing phospholipids (PC) and triglycerides (TG), especially related to the R353Q polymorphism of the FVII gene. The present investigation included 219 subjects from the Diet and Omega-3 Intervention Trial on atherosclerosis (DOIT), a 2x2 factorial designed study in elderly men with long-standing hypercholesterolemia. The subjects were randomly allocated to receive placebo capsules (corn oil) (control), placebo capsules and dietary advice ("Mediterranean type" diet),VLC n-3 capsules, or VLC n-3 capsules and dietary advice combined. The R353Q genotype and the levels of FVIIc, FVIIag, FVIIa, PC, and TG at baseline and after 6 months were determined. Diet intervention was followed by a significant reduction of 5.1% in the levels of FVIIag and 2.4 mU/ml in FVIIa (95% Cl -7.4,-2.9, and -3.8, -1.1, respectively) (both p<0.001) compared to the no diet group, independent of genotype. No effects of diet intervention on FVIIc, PC or TG were observed. After VLC n-3 supplementation the TG levels were significantly reduced compared to placebo (p=0.01), whereas all FVII levels and PC remained unchanged. Dietary advice towards a "Mediterranean type" diet, but not VLC n-3 supplementation, was shown to reduce the levels of FVIIag and FVIIa after 6 months, independent of genotype. The results indicate the dietary advice to be more favourable in reducing this risk factor for CVD as compared to specific VLC n-3 supplementation.
Effect of animal versus plant omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on serum level of fetuin-A in patients with chronic renal failure; a randomized double-blinded parallel clinical trial; Introduction: Low levels of fetuin-A in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are associated with arterial stiffness, vascular calcification and cardiovascular mortality.Objectives: The aim of the present study was to investigate and compare the effect of omega-3 supplements with plant (flaxseed) and animal origins on fetuin-A levels in patients with chronic renal failure.Patients and Methods: In the present clinical trial, 90 patients with chronic renal failure (chronic kidney disease) were randomly divided into three groups. The first group received two grams of omega-3 tablets per day of animal origin (fish oil), the second group received 2 g of omega-3 tablets per day of plant origin (flaxseed oil), and the third group received one placebo per day as the control group. The duration of the drug treatment was 90 days. Before and after the intervention, blood levels of fetuin-A, C-reactive protein (CRP), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) were determined. Data were analyzed by SPSS statistical software.Results: Before and after the intervention, LDL-C and HDL-C levels were not significantly different in the study groups. In the animal origin omega-3 group, the levels of triglycerides and cholesterol decreased significantly after the intervention compared to before the intervention (P=0.004), however they did not change significantly in the plant origin omega-3 and control groups. Before and after the intervention, fetuin-A and ESR levels were not significantly different in the study groups. The frequency of positive CRP results in the animal and plant origin omega-3 groups was 20% and 24% respectively before intervention and 4% and 24% after intervention respectively, indicating a decrease in the levels of CRP in the animal origin omega-3 group.Conclusion: Animal origin omega-3 is more effective in reducing serum lipids and CRP than plant-origin omega-3. Omega-3 supplements of plant or animal origin have been more effective in men than in women.Trial Registration: The present study was registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (identifier: IRCT20180820040839N1; https://www.irct.ir/trial/33581, ethical code: IR.SKUMS. REC.1396.94).
Reduction of residual cardiovascular risk through therapy with omega-3 fatty acids: Icosapent-ethyl in an interdisciplinary approach; Patients with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or those with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and additional risk factors need a careful control of their cardiovascular risk profile to prevent ischemic complications. Despite thorough treatment of these factors, the risk of ischemic events remains high due to the residual cardiovascular risk. Hypertriglyceridemia may be an important contributor and might help to identify patients who could benefit from additional riskreducing therapy beyond the control of low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, antidiabetic medication, and blood- pressure management. The randomized, double -blind REDUCE-IT study investigated the potential benefit of Icosapent-ethyl (IPE) treatment in patients at high cardiovascular risk (ASCVD or T2D and additional risk factor) with elevated triglycerides (135-499 mg/dL) under statin-treatment. After a median follow-up of 4.9 years, the primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, non -fatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, hospitalization for unstable angina or coronary revascularisation) was significantly reduced. In addition, a significant reduction of cardiovascular mortality, myo cardial infarctions and strokes were observed. This positive treatment effect was independent from the plasma levels of triglycerides before and after treatment initiation. Regarding adverse events, a higher risk of atrial fibrillation and an associated increased hospitalization rate was observed under IPE treatment. Severe bleeding complications tended to be higher in the IPE group (not statistically significant) but were not associated with fatal bleeding complications or an increased risk of hemorrhagic strokes. On the basis of this data, the treatment option with IPE was already included in the guidelines of international societies (European Society of Cardiology, American Stroke Association). J Kardiol 2024; 31 (3-4): 64-7.
Evidence for a protective (synergistic?) effect of B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases; The results of dietary intervention trials favor the hypothesis that higher intakes of B-vitamins (folate, vitamin B-6 and B-12), and subsequently lower total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations, are causally associated with a decreased risk of vascular disease in patients with cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The same is true for a higher intake of omega-3 fish fatty acids. Yet, the lack of hard end points and/or appropriate study designs precludes a definitive conclusion about causality. In the future, intervention trials with hard end points and randomized double-blind placebo-controlled designs should be able to elucidate the causality problem. There are several pathways by which B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids may exert their protective effect on CVD, a common pathway is a beneficial effect on the endothelial function and hemostasis. With respect to synergy between B-vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids, there is no evidence that fish oils have a tHcy-lowering effect beyond the effect of the B-vitamins. Nevertheless, animal studies clearly illustrate that vitamin B-6- as well as folate-metabolism are linked with those of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids. Furthermore, a human study indicated synergistic effects of folic acid (synthetic form of folate) and vitamin B-6 together with omega-3 fatty acids on the atherogenic index and the fibrinogen concentration. Although these results are promising, they were produced in very small selective study populations. Thus, confirmation in large well-designed intervention trials is warranted.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Major Depressive Disorder; Patients with major depressive disorder have high rates of cardiovascular disease and other medical comorbidity. Omega-3 fatty acids, particularly those found in fish and seafood, have cardiovascular health benefits and may play an adjunctive role in the treatment of mood disorders. However, existing studies on omega-3 fatty acids in depression have limitations such as small sample sizes and a wide variance in study design, and results regarding efficacy are mixed. The preponderance of data from placebo-controlled treatment studies suggests that omega-3 fatty acids are a reasonable augmentation strategy for the treatment of major depressive disorder. More research is necessary before omega-3 supplements can be recommended as monotherapy for the treatment of depression. For many individuals with major depressive disorder, augmentation with omega-3 fatty acids should be considered, as general health benefits are well established and adjunctive use is low risk. (J Clin Psychiatry 2009;70[suppl 5]:7-11)
Omega 3 fatty acid inhibition of inflammatory cytokine-mediated Connexin43 regulation in the heart; Background: The proinflammatory cytokine Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), which increases in the heart post myocardial infarction (MI), has been shown to cause loss of Connexin43 (Cx43) function, an event known to underlie formation of the arrhythmogenic substrate. Omega 3 Fatty acids exhibit antiarrhythmic properties and impact IL-1 beta signaling. We hypothesize that Omega -3 fatty acids prevent arrhythmias in part, by inhibiting IL-1 beta signaling thus maintaining functional Cx43 channels. Methods: Rat neonatal myocytes or Madin-Darby Canine Kidney Epithelial (MDCK) cells grown in media in the absence (Ctr) or presence of 30 mu M docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, an Omega-3 Fatty acid) were treated with 0.1 mu M activated IL-1 beta. We determined Cx43 channel function using a dye spread assay. Western blot and immunostaining were used to examine Cx43 levels/localization and downstream effectors of IL-1 beta. In addition we used a murine model of MI for 24h to determine the impact of an Omega-3 fatty acid enriched diet on Cx43 levels/localization post MI. Results: IL-1 beta significantly inhibited Cx43 function in Ctr cells (200.9 +/- 17.7 pm [Ctr] vs. 112.8 +/- 14.9 mu m [0.1 uM p < 0.05). However, DHA-treated cells remained highly coupled in the presence of IL-1 beta[167.9 +/- 21.9 mu m [DHA] vs. 164.4 +/- 22.3 mu m [DHA 0.1 uM IL-1 beta, p < 0.05, n = 4]. Additionally, western blot showed that IL-1 beta treatment caused a 38.5% downregulation of Cx43 [1.00 au [Ctr] vs. 0.615 au (0.1 mu M IL-1 beta) which was completely abolished in DHA-treated cells (0.935 au [DHA] vs. 1.02 au [DHA + 0.1 mu M p < 0.05, n = 3]. Examination of the downstream modulator of IL-113, NF kappa beta showed that while hypoxia caused translocation of NF kappa beta to the nucleus, this was inhibited by DHA. Additionally we found that a diet enriched in Omega-3 Fatty acids inhibited lateralization of Cx43 in the post-MI murine heart as well as limited activation of fibroblasts which would lead to decreased fibrosis overall. Conclusions: Omega 3 Fatty acid treatment inhibited IL-1 beta-stimulated loss of Cx43 protein, and more importantly, inhibited loss of Cx43 function by inhibiting translocation of NF kappa beta. In the intact heart a diet enriched in Omega 3 Fatty Acids limited loss of Cx43 at the intercalated disk in the heart following MI. These data suggest that one of cardio-protective mechanisms by which Omega 3 Fatty acids work includes prevention of the pro-arrhythmic loss of Cx43 post MI and the attenuation of cardiac fibrosis after injury.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Blood of Children and Adolescents with Juvenile Bipolar Disorder; Reduced long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA), including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been reported in adult patients suffering from depression and bipolar disorder (BD). LCn-3PUFA status has not previously been examined in children and adolescents with BD compared with healthy controls. Fifteen children and adolescents (9-18 years, M +/- SD = 14.4 +/- 3.48) diagnosed with juvenile bipolar disorder (JBD) and fifteen healthy age and sex-matched controls were assessed for dietary intake and fasting red blood cell (RBC) membrane concentrations of LCn-3PUFA. Fatty acid concentrations were compared between participants diagnosed with JBD and controls after controlling for dietary intake. RBC membrane concentrations of EPA and DHA were not significantly lower in participants diagnosed with JBD compared with healthy controls (M +/- sem EPA = 3.37 +/- 0.26 vs. 3.69 +/- 0.27 mu g/mL, P = 0.458; M +/- sem DHA = 22.08 +/- 2.23 vs. 24.61 +/- 2.38 mu g/mL, P = 0.528) after controlling for intake. Red blood cell DHA was negatively (r = -0.55; P = 0.044) related to clinician ratings of depression. Although lower RBC concentrations of LCn-3PUFA were explained by lower intakes in the current study, previous evidence has linked reduced LCn-3PUFA to the aetiology of BD. As RBC DHA was also negatively related to symptoms of depression, a randomised placebo-controlled study examining supplementation with LCn-3PUFA as an adjunct to standard pharmacotherapy appears warranted in this patient population.
Does fructose have a protective role on migraine?-experimental evidence in a rat model of metabolic syndrome under omega-3 supplementation; Background: Migraine is a highly disabling disease, for which current therapies are limited to symptom alleviation. There is compelling evidence linking migraine with metabolic disorders, but the causal relationship is not clear. Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have anti-inflammatory properties, with clear benefits in metabolic disorders, but its effects on migraine remains to be tested. We hypothesized that fructose-induced metabolic syndrome could aggravate migraine by increasing neuroinflammation and that n- 3 treatment could mitigate it.
Omega-3 fatty acid addition during pregnancy; Background
Omega-3 PUFAs improved endothelial function and arterial stiffness with a parallel antiinflammatory effect in adults with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with adverse cardiovascular events, and impaired vascular function. In this study we evaluated the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) supplementation on vascular function, inflammatory and fibrinolytic process in subjects with MetS.
n-3 PUFA Fortification of High n-6 PUFA Farmed Tilapia with Linseed Could Significantly Increase Dietary Contribution and Support Nutritional Expectations of Fish; Farmed fish high in n-6 PUFA may undermine fish nutritional expectations and intake recommendations for n-3 PUFA requirements and exacerbate rather than improve already high n-6/n-3 PUFA diets. Dietary contribution of fish fortification by linseed-based n-3 PUFA was evaluated. Mango tilapia (12 months old) with high n-6 PUFA (21.8 FA%, n-6/n-3 ratio 4.6:1) were fed standard/control (T-c) or linseed-supplemented (5%, T-5%; 7%, T-7%) feed for 61 days regular-growth and 120 days stock-growth (to 650 g). Compared to Tc, n-3 PUFA increased in T-5% 46% and T-7% 58%; ALA in T-5% increased 100% and T-7% 167%; EPA+DHA in T-5% increased 14% and T-7% 23% (p < 0.05); n-6 PUFA/LCPUFA were unchanged. T-7% EPA+DHA 168 mg/100 g of raw fillet is comparable to current American intake and Dietary Reference Intakes; controlled cooking preserved approximate to 90% EPA+DHA. n-6/n-3 ratios decreased 16-38% in total PUFA to 2.3:1 and in LCPUFA to 0.61:1. Linseed supplementation could improve tilapia n-3 PUFA/LCPUFA, ameliorating n-3 PUFA scarcity and unexpectedly high fish n-6 PUFA content, potentially making a significant nutritional contribution.
Dietary fish intake and plasma phospholipid n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations in men and women in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer-Norfolk United Kingdom cohort; Background: The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, found in fish and fish-oil supplements and also formed by conversion of a-linolenic acid in soy and rapeseed (canola) oils, are thought to have cardio-protective effects.
The effect of marine n-3 fatty acids in different doses on plasma concentrations of Lp-PLA<sub>2</sub> in healthy adults; Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)) is an emerging independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Lp-PLA(2) can be modified by lipid lowering drugs, but it is unknown whether diet can reduce plasma levels of Lp-PLA(2).
Omega-3 Fatty Acids for the Management of Hypertriglyceridemia: A Science Advisory From the American Heart Association; Hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides 200-499 mg/dL) is relatively common in the United States, whereas more severe triglyceride elevations (very high triglycerides, >= 500 mg/dL) are far less frequently observed. Both are becoming increasingly prevalent in the United States and elsewhere, likely driven in large part by growing rates of obesity and diabetes mellitus. In a 2002 American Heart Association scientific statement, the omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were recommended (at a dose of 2-4 g/d) for reducing triglycerides in patients with elevated triglycerides. Since 2002, prescription agents containing EPA+DHA or EPA alone have been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treating very high triglycerides; these agents are also widely used for hypertriglyceridemia. The purpose of this advisory is to summarize the lipid and lipoprotein effects resulting from pharmacological doses of n-3 FAs (>3 g/d total EPA+DHA) on the basis of new scientific data and availability of n-3 FA agents. In treatment of very high triglycerides with 4 g/d, EPA+DHA agents reduce triglycerides by >= 30% with concurrent increases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, whereas EPA-only did not raise low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in very high triglycerides. When used to treat hypertriglyceridemia, n-3 FAs with EPA+DHA or with EPA-only appear roughly comparable for triglyceride lowering and do not increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol when used as monotherapy or in combination with a statin. In the largest trials of 4 g/d prescription n-3 FA, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were modestly decreased, indicating reductions in total atherogenic lipoproteins. The use of n-3 FA (4 g/d) for improving atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk in patients with hypertriglyceridemia is supported by a 25% reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events in REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With EPA Intervention Trial), a randomized placebo-controlled trial of EPA-only in high-risk patients treated with a statin. The results of a trial of 4 g/d prescription EPA+DHA in hypertriglyceridemia are anticipated in 2020. We conclude that prescription n-3 FAs (EPA+DHA or EPA-only) at a dose of 4 g/d (>3 g/d total EPA+DHA) are an effective and safe option for reducing triglycerides as monotherapy or as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering agents.
Omega-3 Blood Levels and Stroke Risk: A Pooled and Harmonized Analysis of 183 291 Participants From 29 Prospective Studies; BACKGROUND: The effect of marine omega-3 PUFAs on risk of stroke remains unclear.METHODS: We investigated the associations between circulating and tissue omega-3 PUFA levels and incident stroke (total, ischemic, and hemorrhagic) in 29 international prospective cohorts. Each site conducted a de novo individual-level analysis using a prespecified analytical protocol with defined exposures, covariates, analytical methods, and outcomes; the harmonized data from the studies were then centrally pooled. Multivariable-adjusted HRs and 95% CIs across omega-3 PUFA quintiles were computed for each stroke outcome.RESULTS: Among 183 291 study participants, there were 10 561 total strokes, 8220 ischemic strokes, and 1142 hemorrhagic strokes recorded over a median of 14.3 years follow-up. For eicosapentaenoic acid, comparing quintile 5 (Q5, highest) with quintile 1 (Q1, lowest), total stroke incidence was 17% lower (HR, 0.83 [CI, 0.76-0.91]; P<0.0001), and ischemic stroke was 18% lower (HR, 0.82 [CI, 0.74-0.91]; P<0.0001). For docosahexaenoic acid, comparing Q5 with Q1, there was a 12% lower incidence of total stroke (HR, 0.88 [CI, 0.81-0.96]; P=0.0001) and a 14% lower incidence of ischemic stroke (HR, 0.86 [CI, 0.78-0.95]; P=0.0001). Neither eicosapentaenoic acid nor docosahexaenoic acid was associated with a risk for hemorrhagic stroke. These associations were not modified by either baseline history of AF or prevalent CVD.CONCLUSIONS: Higher omega-3 PUFA levels are associated with lower risks of total and ischemic stroke but have no association with hemorrhagic stroke.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on gene expression of inflammation, oxidative stress and cardiometabolic parameters: Systematic review and meta-analysis; There is growing evidence of the beneficial health effects of omega-3 fatty acid (FAs) supplementation on gene expression of metabolic factors, but a summation of outcomes from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) is lacking. Our aim was to investigate the state of the evidence on the potential impacts of omega-3 FA oral intake on gene expression of factors related to inflammation and oxidative stress (IL-1, IL-8, Sirt-1 and TNF-alpha) and cardiometabolic parameters (LDLR, PPAR-gamma, adiponectin, Lp(a), and GLUT-1). Scopus, Web of Science, MEDLINE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched from inception until December 2020. RCTs which evaluated the effect of oral intake of omega-3 FA on gene expression of cardiometabolic risk factors were included. Data were extracted using STATA software and analyzed using a random effect model. The effect size is given in a standardized mean difference (SMD) and a 95% confidence interval (95% CI). The quality of the included RCTs was assessed by Cochrane tool and almost all studies had a fair quality. Thirteen trials were included in this systematic review. Current analysis indicated that omega-3 FA intake significantly up-regulated the PPAR-gamma (SMD: 1.05; 95% CI: 0.62, 1.48; I2 = 73.9%) and down-regulation of LDLR (SMD: -0.75; 95% CI: -0.38, -0.13; I2 = 77.8%) and IL-1(SMD: -0.89; 95% CI: -1.24, -0.54; I2 = 00.0%). However, these outcomes also indicate that omega-3 FA intake has no significant effect on the gene expression of adiponectin, GLUT-1, Lp(a), IL-8, Sirt-1 and TNF-alpha. This analysis suggests that omega-3 FA intake may improve gene expression of PPAR-gamma, LDLR and IL-1. However, large well-designed, and long-duration RCTs are still required to clarify the effect of omega-3 FA intake on the expression of critical factors related to inflammation, oxidative stress, and cardiometabolic parameters codifying genes.
(n-3) fatty acid supplementation in moderately hypertriglyceridemic adults changes postprandial lipid and apolipoprotein B responses to a standardized test meal; The effects of (n-3) fatty acids on the postprandial state were investigated by monitoring the alimentary responses to identical test meals fed to adults [n = 11; fasting triacylglycerol (TG) 2.55 +/- 0.24 mmol/L; mean +/- SEM] after a self-selected diet baseline period (BLP) and then after a 6-wk (n-3) fatty acid period (FOP) [similar to 5.2 g (n-3) fatty acids] and a 6-wk control oil period (COP) administered in random order, Samples were drawn immediately prior to the test meal (time 0) and then hourly from 2 to 6 h postmeal. Postprandial plasma triacylglycerol (TG) and TO-rich lipoprotein (TRL) TG apo B48, and B100 absolute concentrations were significantly lower after FOP than after COP or BLP, while plasma cholesterol was unchanged. Normalizing the results as increments over time 0 eliminated the diet effect on all but plasma TG, Time remained a significant effect for plasma TG, TRL TG, and TRL TC. Finally, only absolute TRL B48 and absolute and incremental plasma TG concentrations displayed significant time-diet interactions. These results suggest that postprandial TRL apo B reductions are likely caused by (n-3) fatty acid suppression of both hepatic and intestinal apoB secretion/synthesis, Altered TRL metabolism, i.e. changes in postprandial TG, cholesterol, apo B48, and increase in LDL particle size, may represent an additional mechanism for the reduced heart disease risk associated with fish [(n-3) fatty acid] consumption.
The Omega-3 Index Response to an 8 Week Randomized Intervention Containing Three Fatty Fish Meals Per Week Is Influenced by Adiposity in Overweight to Obese Women; Background: The Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommends consuming similar to 225 g/wk of a variety of seafood providing > 1.75 g/wk of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, however individual responses to treatment vary. Objective: This study had three main objectives. First, to determine if a DGA-conforming diet (DGAD), in comparison to a typical American diet (TAD), can increase the omega-3 index (OM3I), i.e., the red blood cell mol% of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Second, to identify factors explaining variability in the OM3I response to dietary treatment. Third to identify factors associated with the baseline OM3I. Design: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized, double-blind 8 wk dietary intervention of overweight/obese women fed an 8d rotating TAD (n = 20) or DGAD (n = 22) registered at as NCT02298725. The DGAD-group consumed 240 g/wk of Atlantic farmed salmon and albacore tuna in three meals with an estimated EPA + DHA of 3.7 +/- 0.6 g/wk. The TAD-group consumed similar to 160 g/wk of farmed white shrimp and a seafood salad containing imitation crab in three meal with an estimated EPA + DHA of 0.45 +/- 0.05 g/wk. Habitual diet was determined at baseline, and body composition was determined at 0 and 8wks. Red blood cell fatty acids were measured at 0, 2 and 8 wk. Results: At 8 wk, the TAD-group OM3I was unchanged (5.90 +/- 1.35-5.80 +/- 0.76%), while the DGAD-group OM3I increased (5.63 +/- 1.27-7.33 +/- 1.36%; p < 0.001). In the DGAD-group 9 of 22 participants achieved an OM3I > 8%. Together, body composition and the baseline OM3I explained 83% of the response to treatment variability. Baseline OM3I (5.8 +/- 1.3%; n = 42) was negatively correlated to the android fat mass (p = 0.0007) and positively correlated to the FFQ estimated habitual (EPA+DHA) when expressed as a ratio to total dietary fat (p = 0.006). Conclusions:An 8 wk TAD did not change the OM3I of similar to 6%, while a DGAD with 240 g/wk of salmon and albacore tuna increased the OM3I. Body fat distribution and basal omega-3 status are primary factors influencing the OM3I response to dietary intake in overweight/obese women.
Omega-3 Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Rich Extract from the Microalga <i>Nannochloropsis</i> Decreases Cholesterol in Healthy Individuals: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Three-Month Supplementation Study; The aim of this trial is to assess the effect of Almega(R)PL on improving the Omega-3 Index, cardio-metabolic parameters, and other biomarkers in generally healthy individuals. The benefits of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids for cardiovascular health are primarily built upon mixtures of docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA). Highly purified EPA therapy has proven to be particularly effective in the treatment of cardiovascular disease, but less is known about the benefits of EPA-only supplementation for the general healthy population. Almega(R)PL is a polar rich oil (>15%) derived from the microalgaNannochloropsisthat contains EPA (>25%) with no DHA. Participants (n= 120) were given a capsule of 1 g/day of either Almega(R)PL or placebo for 12 weeks. Differences in the Omega-3 Index, cardiometabolic markers, and other general health indicators were measured at the baseline, six, and 12 weeks. Compared to the placebo group, Almega(R)PL supplementation significantly increased the Omega-3 Index and EPA concentration from 4.96 +/- 0.90 and 0.82 +/- 0.37% at the baseline to 5.75 +/- 0.90 and 1.27 +/- 0.36 at week 12, respectively. Very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL) decreased by 25%, which resulted in a significant decrease in total cholesterol compared to the placebo. Interestingly, the decrease in VLDL was not associated with an increase in LDL, which seems to be a benefit associated with EPA-only based formulations. Collectively, these results show that Almega(R)PL provides a natural EPA-only option to increase EPA and manage cholesterol levels in the general population.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Protect Against Cigarette Smoke-Induced Oxidative Stress and Vascular Dysfunction; In cigarette smokers endothelial dysfunction, measured by flow-mediated dilation (FMD), precedes cardiovascular disease (CVD) and can be improved by supplementation with n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). We developed a mouse model of cigarette smoke (CS)-induced endothelial dysfunction that resembles impaired FMD observed in human cigarette smokers and investigated the mechanism by which n - 3 PUFAs mediate vasoprotection. We hypothesized that loss of nitric oxide (NO)-dependent vasodilation in CS-exposed mice would be prevented by dietary n - 3 PUFAs via a decrease in oxidative stress. C57BL/6 mice were fed a chow or n - 3 PUFA diet for 8 weeks and then exposed to mainstream CS or filtered air for 5 days, 2 h/day. Mesenteric arterioles were preconstricted with U46619 and dilated by stepwise increases in pressure (0-40mmHg), resulting in increases in flow, +/-inhibitor of NO production or antioxidant, Tempol. Markers of oxidative stress were measured in lung and heart. CS-exposed mice on a chow diet had impaired FMD, resulting from loss of NO-dependent dilation, compared with air exposed mice. Tempol restored FMD by normalizing NO-dependent dilation and increasing NO-independent dilation. CS-exposed mice on the n - 3 PUFA diet had normal FMD, resulting from a significant increase in NO-independent dilation, compared with CS-exposed mice on a chow diet. Furthermore, n - 3 PUFAs decreased two CSinduced markers of oxidative stress, 8-epiprostaglandin-F2a levels and heme oxygenase-1 mRNA, and significantly attenuated CS-induced cytochrome P4501A1 mRNA expression. These data demonstrate that dietary n - 3 PUFAs can protect against CS-induced vascular dysfunction via multiple mechanisms, including increasing NO-independent vasodilation and decreasing oxidative stress.
Omega-3 fatty acids impair miR-1-3p-dependent Notch3 down-regulation and alleviate sepsis-induced intestinal injury; Background Sepsis is a troublesome syndrome that can cause intestinal injury and even high mortality rates. Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are known to protect against intestinal damage. Accordingly, the current study set out to explore if omega-3 FAs could affect sepsis-induced intestinal injury with the involvement of the microRNA (miR)-1-3p/Notch3-Smad axis. Methods First, cecal ligation and perforation (CLP) was performed to establish septic mouse models in C57BL/6J mice, and mouse intestinal epithelial MODE-K cells were induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to establish sepsis cell models. The CLP-induced septic mice or LPS-exposed cells were subjected to treatment with Omega-3 FAs and activin (Smad signaling activator), miR-1-3p inhibitor and over-expressed/short hairpin RNA (oe-/sh)-Notch3 to explore their roles in inflammation, intestinal oxidative stress and cell apoptosis. A dual-luciferase reporter gene assay was further performed to verify the regulatory relationship between miR-1-3p and Notch3. Results Omega-3 FAs inhibited CLP-induced intestinal injury and ameliorated LPS-induced intestinal epithelial cell injury by down-regulating miR-1-3p, as evidenced by decreased levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and IL-6, in addition to diminished levels of reactive oxygen species, malondialdehyde levels and superoxide dismutase activity. Furthermore, miR-1-3p could down-regulate Notch3, which inactivated the Smad pathway. Conclusion Collectively, our findings indicated that omega-3 FAs elevate the expression of Notch3 by down-regulating miR-1-3p, and then blocking the Smad pathway to alleviate intestinal epithelial inflammation and oxidative stress injury caused by sepsis.
Trends in dietary intake and food sources of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids among Korean adults between 2007 and 2018; OBJECTIVES: This study examined trends in the dietary intake and food sources of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) in Korean adults from 2007 to 2018. METHODS: In total, 46,307 adults (aged 19-64 years) were selected from the 2007-2018 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys. Dietary data were obtained using 24-hour dietary recall. Intake levels and food sources of LC-PUFAs, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and linoleic acid (LA), were evaluated across the survey years and assessed based on compliance with dietary recommendations over the 2007-2018 period. Linear trends in LC-PUFAs intake levels over time were examined through multiple linear regression analysis. RESULTS: From 2007 to 2018, ALA and LA consumption increased from 1.1 g (0.5% of energy) to 1.4 g (0.6% of energy) and from 8.6 g (3.9% of energy) to 10.0 g (4.5% of energy), respectively. EPA intake decreased from 0.14 g to 0.12 g, and EPA+DHA intake showed a decreasing trend. The proportion of individuals who did not meet the recommended intake of EPA+DHA (250 mg/day) increased (64.4 to 68.4%). Regarding changes in food sources of ALA and LA, the contributions from mayonnaise, eggs, and bread increased, while those from plant food sources decreased. Among food sources of EPA and DHA, anchovy, saury, and Atka mackerel showed lower contributions over time. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that strategies to encourage the consumption of EPA and DHA from healthy food sources are necessary to improve cardiovascular health in the Korean population.
<i>n</i>-3 Fatty acids (fish oil) for epilepsy, cardiac risk factors, and risk of SUDEP: Clues from a pilot, double-blind, exploratory study; Objective: The goal of the work described here was to determine the effect of high-dose n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentanoic acid + docosahexanoic acid, fish oil) on several outcomes in subjects with refractory epilepsy, including seizure severity, seizure frequency, cardiac risk factors, and heart rate variability, in a pilot, exploratory planning trial.
Effects of diet and/or n-3 fatty acid supplementation on components of the interleukin-6 trans-signalling system in elderly men; Background. It has previously been shown that both very long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and a Mediterranean-like diet (Md), are able to reduce the risk of cardiovascular (CV) mortality and morbidity. The exact mechanisms behind this effect are yet to be established. To date, there exist no data on the effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation and Md on components of the interleukin-6 (IL-6) trans-signalling (ts) system that plays a central role in the family of pro-atherosclerotic inflammatory markers. Methods. A total of 563 men were included in the DOIT study, a randomised factorial-designed trial comparing the effect of 36 months of dietary counseling, n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d), or both on different circulating biomarkers of atherosclerosis in elderly high-risk men. We used commercially available ELISA methods to analyse circulating levels of soluble glycoprotein 130 (sGP130), soluble IL-6 receptor (sIL-6r), and IL-6. Results. There was no significant effect of either of the intervention principles on circulating levels of sGP130 or sIL-6r. We have shown previously that there is no effect on IL-6 concentrations either. Conclusions. This is the largest trial analysing possible effects of Md or n-3 PUFA supplementation on the IL-6ts system. Although the reduction of CV risk through dietary intervention or n-3 PUFA supplementation has previously been linked to anti-inflammatory effects, we could not find an effect of these interventions on the IL-6ts system. This indicates that the beneficial effects of Md or n-3 PUFA observed in previous studies seem to be independent of the IL-6ts system.
Marine-derived n-3 fatty acids therapy for stroke; Background
Long Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Improve Vascular Stiffness in Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is a vascular disease involving permanent focal dilation of the abdominal aorta (>= 30 mm) that can lead to catastrophic rupture. Destructive remodeling of aortic connective tissue in AAA contributes to wall stiffening, a mechanical parameter of the arterial system linked to a heightened risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Since aortic stiffening is associated with AAA progression, treatment options that target vascular inflammation would appear prudent. Given this, and growing evidence indicating robust anti-inflammatory and vasoprotective properties for long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs), this study evaluated the impact of these nutrients (1.8 g/day for 12 weeks) on indices of vascular stiffness in patients with AAA. At baseline, pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index normalized to a heart rate of 75 bpm (AIx75) were significantly higher in patients with AAA compared to control participants (PWV: 14.2 +/- 0.4 m.s(-1) vs. 12.6 +/- 0.4 m.s(-1), p = 0.014; AIx75: 26.4 +/- 1.7% vs. 17.3 +/- 2.7%, p = 0.005). Twelve-week LC n-3 PUFA supplementation significantly decreased PWV (baseline: 14.2 +/- 0.6 m.s(-1), week 12: 12.8 +/- 0.7 m.s(-1), p = 0.014) and heart rate (baseline: 63 +/- 3 bpm, week 12: 58 +/- 3 bpm, p = 0.009) in patients with AAA. No change was observed for patients receiving placebo capsules. While this raises the possibility that LC n-3 PUFAs provide improvements in aortic stiffness in patients with AAA, the clinical implications remain to be fully elucidated.
Serum fatty acids profile and association with early-onset coronary artery disease; Background: Fatty acids (FAs) play crucial roles in modulating and preventing diseases in humans, including early-onset coronary artery disease (EOCAD). In this study, we aimed to provide a profile of FAs in the serum of EOCAD patients and identify potential EOCAD-associated FAs.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease; Several observational and experimental studies show the beneficial effects of omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in cardiovascular disease. The results from such studies justify supplementation of omega-3 PUFA in primary and secondary prevention of several clinical conditions, including coronary heart disease, sudden cardiac death and heart failure. Supplementation of omega-3 PUFA is also indicated as monotherapy in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. Analysis of their biological actions suggests a variety of anti-arrhythmic, anti-thrombotic, anti-atherosclerotic and anti-inflammatory mechanisms underlying their clinical benefits.
Association of Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acid Levels With Telomeric Aging in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease; Context Increased dietary intake of marine omega-3 fatty acids is associated with prolonged survival in patients with coronary heart disease. However, the mechanisms underlying this protective effect are poorly understood.
Fish consumption and the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke in the German arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Germany); Recent meta-analyses have confirmed that fish consumption is related to decreased risks of ischaemic stroke and fatal CHD, while there seem to be no clear associations between fish consumption and the risks of haemorrhagic stroke and non-fatal CHD. As no studies in German populations have been reported to date, we assessed whether fish consumption as recorded by FFQ between 1994 and 1998 was related to incident myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke within the German arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. Cox proportional hazards regression analyses were conducted based on the data of 48 315 participants aged 35-65 years at baseline. The median fish intake was 16.4 g/d (25th-75th percentile 8.2-28.8 g/d). During a mean follow-up of 8.1 years, 605 incident MI and 525 incident strokes have been documented. After multiple adjustment, fish consumption was not related to incident MI (hazard ratio (HR) 0.84, 95% CI 0.66, 1.08, P-trend = 0.21) or stroke (HR 0.96, 95% CI 0.73, 1.26, Ptrend = 0.67). Separate analyses for fatal MI, ischaemic stroke and haemorrhagic stroke did not show significant associations, either. With regard to non-fatal MI, there was a non-significant trend for an inverse association (HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.59, 1.03, P-trend = 0.07). Overall, fish consumption was not related to the risks of MI and stroke in the EPIC-Germany study.
Comparative Effect between Sardine Oil and Fish Oil Rich in Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Hypertension and the Membrane Composition of Adipocytes in SHR Rats; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, have an important role in reducing hypertriglyceridemia, these acids decrease the mortality for Coronary Heart Disease. Very important is the relationship between fatty acid biosynthesis and distribution in organs and tissues involved in insulin resistance and hypertension due to its role in the production of vasoactive eicosanoids and their effects on insulin sensitivity; which is estimated with the HOMA-IR index, which relates the physiological and metabolic behavior of glucose and insulin in the body. The aim of this project was to compare the effect of sardine oil and omega-3 oils rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids: EPA (approximate to 30%) and DHA (approximate to 50%) administered for 6 to 8 wk respectively; on the lipid composition of the plasma membrane of epididymal adipocytes in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and their relation to obesity, insulin resistance and hypertension. The administration of omega-3 enriched oil significantly decreased the HOMA criteria as an insulin resistance indicator compared to the sardine oil.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of combination therapy with statins and omega-3 fatty acids versus statin monotherapy in patients with dyslipidemia A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Dyslipidemia is a major risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease. Both statins and omega-3 fatty acids demonstrate beneficial effects on lipid concentrations. The goal was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of combination therapy with statins and omega-3 fatty acids.
Dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acid balance and cardiovascular health; Epidemiological and clinical studies have established that the n-6 fatty acid, linoleic acid (LA), and the n-3 fatty acids, linolenic acid (LNA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) collectively protect against coronary heart disease (CHD). LA is the major dietary fatty acid regulating low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-C metabolism by downregulating LDL-C production and enhancing its clearance. Further, the available mass of LA is a critical factor determining the hyperlipemic effects of other dietary fat components, such as saturated and trans fatty acids, as well as cholesterol. By contrast, n-3 fatty acids, especially EPA and DHA, are potent antiarryhthmic agents. EPA and DHA also improve vascular endothelial function and help lower blood pressure, platelet sensitivity, and the serum triglyceride level. The distinct functions of these two families make the balance between dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acids an important consideration influencing cardiovascular health. Based on published literature describing practical dietary intakes, we suggest that consumption of similar to6% en LA, 0.75% en LNA, and 0.25% en EPA + DHA represents adequate and achievable intakes for most healthy adults. This corresponds to an n-6/n-3 ratio of similar to6:1. However, the absolute mass of essential fatty acids consumed, rather than their n-6/n-3 ratio, should be the first consideration when contemplating lifelong dietary habits affecting cardiovascular benefit from their intake.
Influence of omega-3 intake on mortality in diabetes; Diabetes ist eine der haufigsten Erkrankungen weltweit und fuhrt zu vielen gesundheitlichen Beeintrachtigungen und Todesfallen. Die Ernahrung spielt bei der metabolischen Erkrankung eine gro ss e Rolle. Omega-3-Fettsauren wird eine positive Wirkung auf Triglyceridwerte und Herzfunktion zugeschrieben. Die Autoren untersuchen, ob die Zufuhr von Omega-3-Fettsauren Einfluss auf die allgemeine und spezifische Mortalitat bei Patienten mit Diabetes hat.
Impact of Blood or Erythrocyte Membrane Fatty Acids for Disease Risk Prediction: Focusing on Cardiovascular Disease and Chronic Kidney Disease; Fatty acids (FAs) are essential nutrients and main constituents of cell membranes that are involved in the signaling pathway and associated with health conditions. We investigated if blood or erythrocyte membrane FAs can predict the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), chronic kidney disease (CKD), and related complications. Omega-3 (n-3) FAs are important predictors for metabolic syndrome, diabetes, CVD, and CKD risks, and the n-3 index is also a good biomarker for sudden cardiac death in coronary artery disease. Linoleic acid, which is one of the major n-6 FAs reflecting recent dietary FA intake, may predict CVD risk and mortality in the general population and patients with CKD. Monounsaturated FAs (MUFAs) are also related to diabetes or diabetic nephropathy. Oleic acid, a major MUFA, is an emerging marker that is related to acute coronary syndrome, low glomerular filtration rate, and vascular calcification in patients with CKD, and can be modified by n-3 FA supplementation. Saturated FAs, trans-FAs, and FA desaturation/elongation are associated with CVD risk; however, few studies have been conducted on patients with CKD. In summary, blood or erythrocyte membrane FA measurements are important for CVD and CKD risk prediction and management. Further studies are needed to elucidate the FAs for their risk predictions.
Comparative effectiveness of adding omega-3 and Manuka honey combination to conventional therapy in preventing and treating oxidative stress in pediatric β -thalassemia major-a randomized clinical trial; - OBJECTIVE: & beta;-thalassemia ma-jor is an inherited hematological disorder with significant oxidative stress and iron overload. Oxidative stress results in several pathological complications, including cell death, tissue inju-ry, organ dysfunction, and thyroid dysfunction. The present study examined the effectiveness of omega-3 and Manuka honey combination or Manuka honey alone to the conventional thera-py (deferasirox, blood transfusion, and L-carni-tine) used for preventing and managing oxida-tive stress or iron overload-induced oxidative stress conditions in pediatric & beta;-thalassemic pa-tients (type major).PATIENTS AND METHODS: 165 patients par-ticipated in this randomized, double-blind, stan-dard therapy-controlled, parallel-design mul-tisite trial. The patients were randomly allo-cated into three groups, receiving either 1,000 mg omega-3 fish oil [350 mg eicosapentaeno-ic acid (EPA) and 250 mg docosahexaenoic ac-id (DHA)] combined with Manuka honey loz-enge (344 mg) daily or Manuka honey alone plus the conventional therapy for ten months. Plas-ma 8-iso-prostaglandin F2 & alpha; (8-iso-PGF2 & alpha;), Lac-tate dehydrogenase (LDH), low-density lipopro-tein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipopro-tein cholesterol (HDL-C), CRP (C-reactive pro-tein), ferritin level, and serum iron were deter-mined at baseline and month 10.RESULTS Omega-3 and Manuka honey combination were a significant add-on to con-ventional therapy of & beta;-thalassemia in reduc-ing the oxidative stress condition. The com-bination of Omega-3 and Manuka honey re-duced the level of F2-isoprostane(8-iso-PG-F2 & alpha;) significantly compared to the Manuka alone and the control groups. Additionally, they showed an antihemolytic action mea-sured by reduced LDH level. The combination restored the patient's lipid profile (LDL-C and HDL-C) significantly compared to the control group. Manuka honey enhanced the action of omega-3 in reducing oxidative stress by re-ducing serum iron significantly compared to the control group.CONCLUSION Results showed that ome-ga-3 + Manuka honey was more effective than Manuka alone or the conventional treatment alone in managing oxidative stress of & beta;-thalas-semic patients.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Mechanisms, animal models, and potential treatment; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is an inflammatory disease associated with macrophage accumulation in the adventitia, oxidative stress, medial elastin degradation and aortic dilation. Progression of AAA is linked to increased risk of rupture, which carries a high mortality rate. Drug therapies trialled to date lack efficacy and although aneurysm repair is available for patients with large aneurysm, peri-surgical morbidity and mortality have been widely reported. Recent studies using rodent models of AAA suggest that long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) and their metabolites can moderate inflammation and oxidative stress perpetuated by infiltrating macrophages and intervene in the destruction of medial elastin. This review examines evidence from these animal studies and related reports of inhibition of inflammation and arrest of aneurysm development following prophylactic supplementation with LC n-3 PUFAs. The efficacy of LC n-3 PUFAs for management of existing aneurysm is unclear and further investigations involving human clinical trials are warranted.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids attenuate myocardial arrhythmogenic factors and propensity of the heart to lethal arrhythmias in a rodent model of human essential hypertension; Objective:Hypertension-induced myocardial remodeling is known to be associated with increased risk for malignant arrhythmias and alterations in electrical coupling protein, connexin-43 (Cx43), may be involved. We investigated whether omega-3 fatty acids intake affects abnormalities of Cx43 as well as protein kinase C (PKC) signaling and myosin heavy chain (MyHC) profile at the early and late stage of hypertension in the context of the heart's susceptibility to ventricular fibrillation and ability to restore sinus rhythm.Methods:Untreated young and old male spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) and age-matched normotensive rats were compared with animals supplemented by omega-3 (eicosapentaneoic acid+docosahexaneoic acid, 200mg/kg body weight/day) for 2 months. Left ventricular tissues were taken for examination of subcellular integrity of gap junctions, Cx43 mRNA and protein expression, PKC epsilon and PKC as well as MyHC determination. Electrically inducible ventricular fibrillation and sinus rhythm restoration (SRR) were examined on Langedorff-perfused heart preparation.Results:Omega-3 intake significantly reduced cardiovascular risk factors, suppressed inducible ventricular fibrillation, and facilitated SRR in hypertensive rats. Supplementation attenuated lateralization and internalization of Cx43, suppressed elevated Cx43 mRNA, enhanced total Cx43 protein expression and/or expression of its functional phosphorylated forms as well as the expression of cardioprotective PKC-epsilon and suppressed pro-apoptotic PKC- isoform. Moreover, the omega-3 diet normalized MyHC profiles in SHR at early stage of disease and old nonhypertensive rats, but failed to do so in old SHR at late stage of disease.Conclusion:Findings suggest that amelioration of myocardial Cx43-related abnormalities, positive modulation of PKC pathways, and normalization of MyHC can significantly contribute to the antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 in rat model mimicking human essential hypertension. Our results support the prophylactic use of omega-3 to minimize cardiovascular risk and sudden arrhythmic death.
Efficacy of omega-3 supplementation on sertraline continuous therapy to reduce depression or anxiety symptoms: A systematic review and meta-analysis; We aimed to synthesize the evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that determined the efficacy of adding omega-3 supplementation to the continuous sertraline therapy in adults with depression. Meta-analyses were performed using random effects. We used the Revised Cochrane risk of bias tool for randomized trials version 2.0. to assess the risk of bias. Four RCTs were included. The follow-up ranged from eight to 12 weeks. Regarding the Beck Depression Inventory, the pooled SMD was 0.50 (95% CI: -0.51, 1.50; I-2: 94.1%). A subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of coronary disease: SMD -0.17 (95% CI: -0.41, 0.07; I-2: 0.0%). Regarding the Beck Anxiety Inventory, the pooled MD was 0.03 (95% CI: -2.22, 2.28; I-2: 0.0%). Regarding the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, the pooled MD was 0.42 (95% CI: -1.44, 2.29; I-2: 35.7%). All pooled outcomes presented a very low certainty of the evidence. Three RCTs presented a low risk of bias in all domains; however, one study presented some concerns in two domains. No essential reductions in the outcomes were found. A subgroup analysis suggested that may be better not to provide the supplementation in patients with coronary disease. The evidence is not enough to make recommendations.
Effects of Lipid-Altering Therapies on Ventricular Arrhythmias and Sudden Cardiac Death; Sudden cardiac death remains a leading cause of mortality in the United States, with an incidence of 300,000 to 400,000 deaths annually. Despite advances in the management of cardiovascular disease, the only effective treatments proven to reduce the risk of sudden cardiac death are beta-adrenergic blockers and implantable cardioverter-defibrillators. Antiarrhythmic medications are effective at treating symptomatic and asymptomatic ventricular arrhythmias, but several are associated with increased mortality. Although effective at lowering mortality, implantable cardioverter-defibrillators pose an economic burden and some morbidity to patients when associated with frequent shock therapies. Thus, there is renewed interest in developing additional pharmacologic alternatives that could reduce the risk of fatal ventricular arrhythmias. A post hoc analysis of 2 large clinical trials suggested an association between the use of lipid-altering therapy and decreased rates of sudden death. Retrospective review of other clinical trials and experimental data using animal models provide further insight into the potential antiarrhythmic properties of lipid-altering therapy. This review examines the current status of basic science and clinical research that explores the antiarrhythmic properties of lipid-altering therapy, with a focus on 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) and polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Achieving optimal n-3 fatty acid status: the vegetarian's challenge ... or not; The long chain n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), although originally synthesized by microorganisms in the oceans, are primarily obtained from the consumption of fish. Vegetarians, by definition, do not eat fish and thus consume virtually no EPA and DHA. Because conversion of the plant-derived n-3 fatty acid a-linolenic acid (ALA) to EPA and DHA is very low, n-3 tissue concentrations in vegetarians are lower than in omnivores. This review asks 2 questions: what is the evidence that increased n-3 concentrations reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in vegetarians, and, if it does, how can vegetarians increase their blood and tissue concentrations of these animal-derived fatty acids? At present, both cardiovascular risk markers and cardiovascular events appear to be significantly reduced in vegetarians compared with those in omnivores. If so, and in the absence of data to show that risk in vegetarians could be even lower with higher n-3 concentrations, then the second question becomes moot. However, the absence of evidence is not evidence of absence; therefore, at our present state of knowledge, increasing n-3 concentrations is not an unreasonable goal for vegetarians. This can be accomplished by a variety of approaches, including increased intakes of ALA, consumption of stearidonic acid enriched soybean oil (if and when it comes to the market), and the use of supplements containing EPA, DHA, or both derived from nonanimal sources (microalgae, biotech yeast, and, in the future, biotech plant oils).
Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids and the risk of skin cancers: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Skin cancers have a higher incidence than all other cancers combined and are a major cause of morbidity worldwide. Laboratory data suggest certain dietary constituents, notably omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), could potentially protect against skin malignancy, although no large-scale review has been conducted in humans. The objective of this review and meta-analysis was to determine the relationship between dietary n-3 PUFAs and skin cancer incidence. It considered all published randomized controlled trials and observational studies up to March 2013. Five studies (two case-control and three cohort) were identified pertaining to oral n-3 PUFA consumption and incidence of basal cell carcinoma (BCC), squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), melanoma (or a combination) and were included in a random-effects meta-analysis. A further six studies considering nondietary n-3 PUFA exposure (e.g. by tissue analysis) and/or recognized biological markers of skin cancer risk (e.g. p53 expression) were analyzed qualitatively. Dietary n-3 PUFAs were not associated with BCC (pooled OR 1.05, 95% CIs 0.86-1.28). Consumption of high levels of n-3 PUFAs were inversely associated with melanoma, although with only one estimate available (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.34-0.78), and SCC, although nonsignificantly (pooled OR 0.86, 95% CIs 0.59-1.23). Available evidence is suggestive, but currently inadequate, to support the hypothesis that n-3 PUFAs protect against skin malignancy.
