Cell survival matters: docosahexaenoic acid signaling, neuroprotection and photoreceptors; Recent data have provided important clues about the molecular mechanisms underlying certain retinal degenerative diseases, including retinitis pigmentosa and age-related macular degeneration. Photoreceptor cell degeneration is a feature common to these diseases, and the death of these cells in many instances seems to involve the closely associated retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells. Under normal circumstances, both cell types are subject to potentially damaging stimuli (e.g. sunlight and high oxygen tension). However, the mechanism or mechanisms by which homeostasis is maintained in this part of the eye, which is crucial for sight, are an unsolved riddle. The omega-3 fatty acid family member docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which is enriched in these cells, is the precursor of neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1). NPD1 inhibits oxidative-stress-mediated proinflammatory gene induction and apoptosis, and consequently promotes RPE cell survival. This enhanced understanding of the molecular basis of endogenous anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective signaling in the RPE presents an opportunity for the development of therapies for retinal degenerative diseases.
Oleate-induced aggregation of LC3 at the trans-Golgi network is linked to a protein trafficking blockade; Oleate, the most abundant endogenous and dietary cis-unsaturated fatty acid, has the atypical property to cause the redistribution of microtubule-associated proteins 1A/1B light chain 3B (referred to as LC3) to the trans-Golgi network (TGN), as shown here. A genome-wide screen identified multiple, mostly Golgi transport-related genes specifically involved in the oleate-induced relocation of LC3 to the Golgi apparatus. Follow-up analyses revealed that oleate also caused the retention of secreted proteins in the TGN, as determined in two assays in which the secretion of proteins was synchronized, (i) an assay involving a thermosensitive vesicular stomatitis virus G (VSVG) protein that is retained in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) until the temperature is lowered, and (ii) an isothermic assay involving the reversible retention of the protein of interest in the ER lumen and that was used both in vitro and in vivo. A pharmacological screen searching for agents that induce LC3 aggregation at the Golgi apparatus led to the identification of "oleate mimetics" that share the capacity to block conventional protein secretion. In conclusion, oleate represents a class of molecules that act on the Golgi apparatus to cause the recruitment of LC3 and to stall protein secretion.
Nutrient biomarker patterns, cognitive function, and MRI measures of brain aging; Objective: To examine the cross-sectional relationship between nutrient status and psychometric and imaging indices of brain health in dementia-free elders.
A Case of Massive Hypertriglyceridemia in 6 Year Old Boy; Type V hypertriglyceridemia in children is a rare condition since it has often been associated with obesity, type II diabetes, metabolic syndrome and hormone therapy. We encountered a case of massive hypertriglyceridemia (1900 mg/dl) in a 6 years old boy with complains of acute pancreatitis but no physical manifestations. There was no family history of sudden cardiac death, father and younger male sibling were found to be normal. The mother however had hypertriglyceridemia. The child was managed by dietary changes, omega 3 capsules and low dose fenofibrate. On follow up showed there was reduction in lipid profile and lipoprotein electrophoretic pattern showed bands for VLDL and chylomicron indicating type V hyperlipidemia. Early diagnosis via screening for lipid profile of such patients and their family can improve prognosis and quality of life of these children.
The Effect of Varying Fatty Acid Composition on Postprandial Airway Inflammation, Pulmonary Function, and Airway Resistance in Healthy, Young Adults; The Western Diet commonly consists of high-fat meals (HFMs) with saturated fats (SF) and increased omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O6FA) to omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3FA) ratios. Even a single high-fat meal (HFM) may increase airway inflammation assessed via exhaled nitric oxide (eNO). When HFMs are consumed chronically, persistent airway inflammation may lead to deleterious structural changes in the airways, decrease pulmonary function, and increase the risk of respiratory disease development.ObjectiveTo examine the effect of varying fatty acid composition in a HFM on eNO, pulmonary function, and airway resistance.MethodsFifteen individuals [6 M/9 F; 21.9 & PLUSMN; 1.5 years old] each completed three HFM conditions {SF, O6FA, and O3FA; 12 kcal/kg body weight, 63% total fat, and 0.72 g/kg sugar smoothies} in random order separated by at least 48 h. Airway inflammation assessed via eNO, pulmonary function measured using the maximum flow volume loop (MFVL) and airway resistance measured using impulse oscillometry (iOS) were taken at baseline, 2h and 4h postprandially.ResultsThere was no difference in eNO or iOS across time in any condition or between conditions (p > 0.05). There was a significant time by condition effect for FEV1 post-HFM in the SF and O6FA conditions (p < 0.05).ConclusionDifferent fatty acid compositions do not increase eNO or iOS in healthy, college-aged participants after consumption of a HFM, though the minimally processed meals with fruit added may contribute to these findings.
Interference of phosphatidylcholines with in-vitro cell proliferation - no flock without black sheep; According to early experiments with natural extracts, phosphatidylcholines (PCs) are widely considered essentially non-toxic. In addition to these physiological mixed-chain PCs, many different synthetic diacyl-PCs are currently available, but they have never been systematically evaluated for any interference with cell proliferation. We thus investigated the cell proliferation of several cell lines in the presence of various liposomes consisting of a single PC component and cholesterol.
Alterations of Lipid Profile in COVID-19: A Narrative Review; The COVID-19 pandemic has led to over 100 million infections and over 3 million deaths worldwide. Understanding its pathogenesis is crucial to guide prognostic and therapeutic implications. Viral infections are known to alter the lipid profile and metabolism of their host cells, similar to the case with MERS and SARS-CoV-2002. Since lipids play various metabolic roles, studying lipid profile alterations in COVID-19 is an inevitable step as an attempt to achieve better therapeutic strategies, as well as a potential prognostic factor in the course of this disease. Several studies have reported changes in lipid profile associated with COVID-19. The most frequently reported changes are a decline in serum cholesterol and ApoA1 levels and elevated triglycerides. The hyper-inflammatory state mediated by the Cytokine storm disturbs several fundamental lipid biosynthesis pathways. Virus replication is a process that drastically changes the host cell's lipid metabolism program and overuses cell lipid resources. Lower HDL-C and ApoA1 levels are associated with higher severity and mortality rates and with higher levels of inflammatory markers. Studies suggest that arachidonic acid omega 3 derivatives might help modulate hyper-inflammation and cytokine storm resulting from pulmonary involvement. Also, statins have been shown to be beneficial when administered after COVID-19 diagnosis via unclear mechanisms probably associated with antiinflammatory effects and HDL-C rising effects.
Metabolic alterations upon SARS-CoV-2 infection and potential therapeutic targets against coronavirus infection; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 infection has become a global pandemic due to the high viral transmissibility and pathogenesis, bringing enormous burden to our society. Most patients infected by SARS-CoV-2 are asymptomatic or have mild symptoms. Although only a small proportion of patients progressed to severe COVID-19 with symptoms including acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), disseminated coagulopathy, and cardiovascular disorders, severe COVID-19 is accompanied by high mortality rates with near 7 million deaths. Nowadays, effective therapeutic patterns for severe COVID-19 are still lacking. It has been extensively reported that host metabolism plays essential roles in various physiological processes during virus infection. Many viruses manipulate host metabolism to avoid immunity, facilitate their own replication, or to initiate pathological response. Targeting the interaction between SARS-CoV-2 and host metabolism holds promise for developing therapeutic strategies. In this review, we summarize and discuss recent studies dedicated to uncovering the role of host metabolism during the life cycle of SARS-CoV-2 in aspects of entry, replication, assembly, and pathogenesis with an emphasis on glucose metabolism and lipid metabolism. Microbiota and long COVID-19 are also discussed. Ultimately, we recapitulate metabolism-modulating drugs repurposed for COVID-19 including statins, ASM inhibitors, NSAIDs, Montelukast, omega-3 fatty acids, 2-DG, and metformin.
The value of a specialist lipid clinic; Aims: To establish the value of the first 3 years of a cardiovascular risk factor clinic in tackling the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: A database review of all 339 patients referred to the clinic. Results: Blood pressure levels in the hypertensive patients were significantly reduced and 9% of the smokers managed to quit for 12 months, half of them subsequently relapsing. Ninety-eight oral glucose tolerance tests were performed and 40% were abnormal yielding 10 patients with hitherto unsuspected diabetes and 29 with impaired glucose tolerance. Sixty-four of the 97 referrals of patients in the primary prevention group (no evidence of CVD) were found to have calculated Framingham coronary heart disease risk estimates of < 15% per decade, the lowest being 0.3%. Lipid levels were significantly reduced in both the hypercholesterolaemic (n = 290) and hypertriglyceridaemic (n = 49) patient groups through the use of more potent statins, extensive use of combination therapy and appropriate use of fibrates and omega-3 fish oil supplements. The annual drug cost per patient treated only increased from 310.72 pound to 398.08 pound, yet there was a 3.5-fold increase in the number of patients achieving the General Medical Services 2 target of a total cholesterol < 5 mmol/l and a 4.5-fold increase in patients achieving the Joint British Societies 2 target of a low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol < 2 mmol/l. Conclusion: The need for a specialist clinic was demonstrated by the 66% of primary prevention referrals who did not meet the current NICE treatment threshold. Additionally, the clinic was able to diagnose and treat 39 patients with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus/impaired glucose tolerance and 12 with hypothyroidism. LDL cholesterol was reduced overall by 36% implying a greater than one-third reduction in future cardiovascular events before the improvements in blood pressure control and smoking cessation are included and this was achieved at marginal extra cost to the mean drug bill at referral.
Cytochrome <i>b</i><sub>5</sub>: A versatile electron carrier and regulator for plant metabolism; Cytochrome b(5) (CB5) is a small heme-binding protein, known as an electron donor delivering reducing power to the terminal enzymes involved in oxidative reactions. In plants, the CB5 protein family is substantially expanded both in its isoform numbers and cellular functions, compared to its yeast and mammalian counterparts. As an electron carrier, plant CB5 proteins function not only in fatty acid desaturation, hydroxylation and elongation, but also in the formation of specialized metabolites such as flavonoids, phenolic esters, and heteropolymer lignin. Furthermore, plant CB5s are found to interact with different non-catalytic proteins such as ethylene signaling regulator, cell death inhibitor, and sugar transporters, implicating their versatile regulatory roles in coordinating different metabolic and cellular processes, presumably in respect to the cellular redox status and/or carbon availability. Compared to the plentiful studies on biochemistry and cellular functions of mammalian CB5 proteins, the cellular and metabolic roles of plant CB5 proteins have received far less attention. This article summarizes the fragmentary information pertaining to the discovery of plant CB5 proteins, and discusses the conventional and peculiar functions that plant CB5s might play in different metabolic and cellular processes. Gaining comprehensive insight into the biological functions of CB5 proteins could offer effective biotechnological solutions to tailor plant chemodiversity and cellular responses to environment stimuli.
Clinical Nutrition in Covid-19 Patients - A Systematic Review; Introduction There is currently a lack of evidence on clinical nutrition in Covid-19. Aim of the work: Systematic overview of clinical nutrition in Covid-19.Material and methods A systematic literature search: 2 meta-analyses, 12 systematic reviews and meta-analyses, 9 prospective randomized controlled trials, 3 prospective observational studies, 7 retrospective studies, 25 narrative reviews.Results a) Obese patients have an increased risk of a severe course of the disease, b) there is a connection between obesity and an increased risk of death, c) Covid-19 mortality increases from a BMI>27 kg/m(2), in all BMI classes 1,6% per 1 kg/m(2) in the event of weight gain, in the case of severe obesity (> 40-45 BMI) by a factor of 1,5 to 2 and per 5 kg/m(2), d) the risk of a severe course of Covid-19 increases also with increased visceral fat tissue percentage, total body fat mass and upper abdominal circumference, e) the mortality rate can be 10 times higher in malnourished Covid-19 patients, f) serum albumin provides evidence of a poor course of the disease, g) enteral omega-3 fatty acid intake could stabilize kidney function and improve the outcome, h) foods with a low glycemic index should be preferred, i) vitamin D deficiency should be avoided, daily vitamin D and zinc supplementation can be beneficial, j) one-time high dose vitamin D and enteral vitamin C provide no benefit, but the risk of thrombosis could be reduced and the antibody response enhanced with zinc, k) nutritional intervention reduces mortality.Conclusion Screening and assessment of nutritional status are important in Covid-19 patients. Overall, there are insufficient clinical results on specific nutritional therapy.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the management of alcoholic liver disease: A critical review; Excess alcohol exposure leads to alcoholic liver disease (ALD), a predominant cause of liver-related morbidity and mortality worldwide. In the past decade, increasing attention has been paid to understand the association between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and ALD. In this review, we summarize the metabolism of n-3 PUFAs, animal model of ALD, and the findings from recent studies determining the role of n-3 PUFAs in ALD as a possible treatment. The animal models of acute ethanol exposure, chronic ethanol exposure and chronic-plus-single binge ethanol feeding have been widely used to explore the impact of n-3 PUFAs. Although the results of studies regarding the role of n-3 PUFAs in ALD have been inconsistent or controversial, increasing evidence has demonstrated that n-3 PUFAs may be useful in alleviating alcoholic steatosis and alcohol-induced liver injury through multiple mechanisms, including decreased de novo lipogenesis and lipid mobilization from adipose tissue, enhanced mitochondrial fatty acid beta-oxidation, reduced hepatic inflammation and oxidative stress, and promoted intestinal homeostasis, positively suggesting that n-3 PUFAs might be promising for the management of ALD. The oxidation of n-3 PUFAs ex vivo in an experimental diet was rarely considered in most n-3 PUFA-related studies, likely contributing to the inconsistent results. Thus, the role of n-3 PUFAs in ALD deserves greater research efforts and remains to be evaluated in randomized, placebo-controlled clinic trial.
Erythrocyte PUFAs, circulating acylcarnitines, and metabolic syndrome risk: a prospective study in Chinese[S]; The effects of PUFAs on metabolic syndrome (MetS) remain to be characterized, particularly in Asians. We aimed to investigate the prospective associations of PUFAs with MetS and the role of acylcarnitines in these associations in Chinese individuals. Among 1,245 Chinese men and women aged 50-70 years who completed a 6 year follow-up, baseline erythrocyte FAs and plasma acylcarnitines were profiled using gas chromatography coupled with positive chemical ionization and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. Total n-6 PUFAs and three 22-carbon n-6 PUFAs were significantly associated with lower MetS risk comparing extreme quartiles: relative risks (RRs) (95% CIs) were 0.75 (0.57, 0.97) for total n-6 PUFAs, 0.69 (0.56, 0.85) for 22:2n-6, 0.76 (0.59, 0.99) for 22:4n-6, and 0.74 (0.58, 0.94) for 22:5n-6, while 18:3n-3 and 18:3n-6 were positively associated with MetS risk. In a network analysis, a module mostly consisting of long-chain n-6 PUFAs and very-long-chain saturated FAs was inversely associated with incident MetS (RR per SD: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.76, 0.92), and this module was more strongly associated with lower MetS risk when a short- to medium-chain acylcarnitine (C5-C10) module score was lower (P-interaction = 0.03). Our data suggested inverse associations of total n-6 and certain long-chain n-6 PUFAs with cardiometabolic disorders, and this association might be modified by certain acy-l-carnitines.
Neuroprotective effect of developmental docosahexaenoic acid supplement against excitotoxic brain damage in infant rats; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) composition of neural membranes is a key factor for brain development, in chemical communication of neurons and probably also their survival in response to injury. Viability of cholinergic neurons was tested during brain development following dietary supplementation of fish oil LC-PUFAs (docosahexaenoic acid [DHA], elcosapentaenoic acid, arachidonic acid) in the food of mother rats. Excitotoxic injury was introduced by N-methyl-D,L-aspartate (NMDA) injection into the cholinergic nucleus basalis magnocellularis of 14-day-old rats. The degree of loss of cholinergic cell bodies, and the extend of axonal and dendritic disintegration were measured following immunocytochemical staining of cell bodies and dendrites for choline acetyltransferase and p75 low-affinity neurotrophin receptor and by histochemical staining of acetylcholinesterase-positive fibres in the parietal neocortex. The impact of different feeding regimens on fatty acid composition of neural membrane phospholipids was also assayed at 12 days of age. Supplementation of LC-PLFAs resulted in a resistance against NMDA-induced excitotoxic degeneration of cholinergic neurones in the infant rats. More cholinergic cells survived, the dendritic involution of surviving neurons in the penumbra region decreased, and the degeneration of axons at the superficial layers of parietal neocortex also attenuated after supplementing LC-PUFAs. A marked increment in DHA content in all types of phospholipids was obtained in the forebrain neuronal membrane fraction of supplemented rats. It is concluded that fish oil LC-PUFAs, first of all DHA, is responsible for the neuroprotective action on developing cholinergic neurons against glutamate cytotoxicity. (C) 2003 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of OM3-PL/FFA Pharmacokinetics After Single and Multiple Oral Doses in Healthy Volunteers; Purpose: The US Food and Drug Administration has approved several omega-3 (OM3)-containing prescription drugs for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia (HTG). However, there is still a need to develop formulations with high bioavailability irrespective of the fat content and time of the meal. OM3-phospholipid (PL)/free fatty acid (FFA) is an investigational drug for the treatment of severe HTG containing naturally derived krill oil mixture of OM3, mainly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as PL esters and as FFA. Both forms in OM3-PL/FFA are believed to be readily bioavailable. Per gram, OM3-PL/FFA contains a lower dose of EPA/DHA in comparison with already approved prescription drugs. The study aim was to evaluate OM3-PL/FFA pharmacokinetic (PK) properties after single and multiple oral doses of 1, 2, and 4 g in healthy subjects when receiving a Therapeutic Lifestyle Change (TLC) diet. The dose proportionality of the study drug, the effect of a high-fat (HF) meal on its PK properties and its safety profile after multiple administration were also explored.
Occurrence and characteristics of the mitochondrial permeability transition in plants; dThe behavior of purified potato mitochondria toward the main effectors of the animal mitochondrial permeability transition has been studied by light scattering, fluorescence, SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, and immunoblotting techniques. The addition of Ca2+ induces a phosphate-dependent swelling that is fully inhibited by cyclosporin A if dithioerythritol is present. Mg2+ cannot be substituted for Ca2+ but competes with it. Disruption of the outer membrane and release of several proteins, including cytochrome c, occur upon completion of swelling. Ca2+-induced swelling is delayed and its rate is decreased when pH is shifted from 7.4 to 6.6. It is accelerated by diamide, phenylarsine oxide, and linolenic acid. In the absence of Ca2+, however, linolenic acid (less than or equal to20 mum) rapidly dissipates the succinate-driven membrane potential while having no effect on mitochondrial volume. Anoxic conditions favor in vitro swelling and the concomitant release of cytochrome c and of other proteins in a pH-dependent way. These data indicate that the classical mitochondrial permeability transition occurs also in plants. This may have important implications for our understanding of cell stress and death processes.
<i>Gloeothece</i> sp.-Exploiting a New Source of Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Antitumor Agents; Bioactive lipidic compounds of microalgae, such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and carotenoids, can avoid or treat oxidation-associated conditions and diseases like inflammation or cancer. This study aimed to assess the bioactive potential of lipidic extracts obtained from Gloeothece sp.-using Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS) solvents like ethanol, acetone, hexane:isopropanol (3:2) (HI) and ethyl lactate. The bioactive potential of extracts was assessed in terms of antioxidant (ABTS(center dot+), DPPH center dot, (NO)-N-center dot and O-2(center dot) assays), anti-inflammatory (HRBC membrane stabilization and Cox-2 screening assay), and antitumor capacity (death by TUNEL, and anti-proliferative by BrdU incorporation assay in AGS cancer cells); while its composition was characterized in terms of carotenoids and fatty acids, by HPLC-DAD and GC-FID methods, respectively. Results revealed a chemopreventive potential of the HI extract owing to its ability to: (I) scavenge -NO center dot radical (IC50, 1258 +/- 0.353 mu g.mL(-1)); (II) inhibit 50% of COX-2 expression at 130.2 +/- 7.4 mu g.mL(-1); (III) protect 61.6 +/- 9.2% of lysosomes from heat damage, and (IV) induce AGS cell death by 4.2-fold and avoid its proliferation up to 40% in a concentration of 23.2 +/- 1.9 mu g.mL(-1). Hence, Gloeothece sp. extracts, namely HI, were revealed to have the potential to be used for nutraceutical purposes.
Residual macrovascular risk in 2013: what have we learned?; Cardiovascular disease poses a major challenge for the 21st century, exacerbated by the pandemics of obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. While best standards of care, including high-dose statins, can ameliorate the risk of vascular complications, patients remain at high risk of cardiovascular events. The Residual Risk Reduction Initiative (R(3)i) has previously highlighted atherogenic dyslipidaemia, defined as the imbalance between proatherogenic triglyceride-rich apolipoprotein B-containing-lipoproteins and antiatherogenic apolipoprotein A-I-lipoproteins (as in high-density lipoprotein, HDL), as an important modifiable contributor to lipid-related residual cardiovascular risk, especially in insulin-resistant conditions. As part of its mission to improve awareness and clinical management of atherogenic dyslipidaemia, the R(3)i has identified three key priorities for action: i) to improve recognition of atherogenic dyslipidaemia in patients at high cardiometabolic risk with or without diabetes; ii) to improve implementation and adherence to guideline-based therapies; and iii) to improve therapeutic strategies for managing atherogenic dyslipidaemia. The R(3)i believes that monitoring of non-HDL cholesterol provides a simple, practical tool for treatment decisions regarding the management of lipid-related residual cardiovascular risk. Addition of a fibrate, niacin (North and South America), omega-3 fatty acids or ezetimibe are all options for combination with a statin to further reduce non-HDL cholesterol, although lacking in hard evidence for cardiovascular outcome benefits. Several emerging treatments may offer promise. These include the next generation peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha agonists, cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors and monoclonal antibody therapy targeting proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9. However, long-term outcomes and safety data are clearly needed. In conclusion, the R(3)i believes that ongoing trials with these novel treatments may help to define the optimal management of atherogenic dyslipidaemia to reduce the clinical and socioeconomic burden of residual cardiovascular risk.
Small amounts of isotope-reinforced polyunsaturated fatty acids suppress lipid autoxidation; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) undergo autoxidation and generate reactive carbonyl compounds that are toxic to cells and associated with apoptotic cell death, age-related neurodegenerative diseases, and atherosclerosis. PUFA autoxidation is initiated by the abstraction of bis-allylic hydrogen atoms. Replacement of the bis-allylic hydrogen atoms with deuterium atoms (termed site-specific isotope-reinforcement) arrests PUFA autoxidation due to the isotope effect. Kinetic competition experiments show that the kinetic isotope effect for the propagation rate constant of Lin autoxidation compared to that of 11,11-D-2-Lin is 12.8 +/- 0.6. We investigate the effects of different isotope-reinforced PUFAs and natural PUFAs on the viability of coenzyme Q-deficient Saccharomyces cerevisiae coq mutants and wildtype yeast subjected to copper stress. Cells treated with a C11-BODIPY fluorescent probe to monitor lipid oxidation products show that lipid peroxidation precedes the loss of viability due to H-PUFA toxicity. We show that replacement of just one bis-allylic hydrogen atom with deuterium is sufficient to arrest lipid autoxidation. In contrast, PUFAs reinforced with two deuterium atoms at mono-allylic sites remain susceptible to autoxidation. Surprisingly, yeast treated with a mixture of approximately 20%:80% isotope-reinforced D-PUFA:natural H-PUFA are protected from lipid autoxidation-mediated cell killing. The findings reported here show that inclusion of only a small fraction of PUFAs deuterated at the bis-allylic sites is sufficient to profoundly inhibit the chain reaction of nondeuterated PUFAs in yeast. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Role of Ferroptosis in Placental-Related Diseases; Ferroptosis is a recently identified form of programmed cell death which is different from apoptosis, pyroptosis, necrosis, and autophagy. It is uniquely defined by redox-active iron-dependent hydroxy-peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing phospholipids and a loss of lipid peroxidation repair capacity. Ferroptosis has recently been implicated in multiple human diseases, such as tumors, ischemia-reperfusion injury, acute kidney injury, neurological diseases, and asthma among others. Intriguingly, ferroptosis is associated with placental physiology and trophoblast injury. Circumstances such as accumulation of lipid reactive oxygen species (ROS) due to hypoxia-reperfusion and anoxia-reoxygenation of trophoblast during placental development, the abundance of trophoblastic iron and PUFA, physiological uterine contractions, or pathological placental bed perfusion, cause placental trophoblasts' susceptibility to ferroptosis. Ferroptosis of trophoblast can cause placental dysfunction, which may be involved in the occurrence and development of placenta-related diseases such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, preterm birth, and abortion. The regulatory mechanisms of trophoblastic ferroptosis still need to be explored further. Here, we summarize the latest progress in trophoblastic ferroptosis research on placental-related diseases, provide references for further understanding of its pathogenesis, and propose new strategies for the prevention and treatment of placental-related diseases.
Special Article - Small dense low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (sdLDL-C): Analysis, effects on cardiovascular endpoints and dietary strategies; Lipid profile screening is crucial for the prevention, evaluation and treatment of cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD). Small dense low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (sdLDL-C) is an emerging biomarker associated with CVD and several comorbidities. The aim of this literature review is to discuss the potential importance of sdLDL-C as a surrogate biomarker for managing CVD by explaining its pathophysiology and promising treatments. The current synthesis demonstrates the impact of sdLDL-C on CV ailments, which are related to arterial pathologies and dysregulated lipid profiles. Several drug classes used for the treatment of dyslipidemia decrease the sdLDL-C concentrations. For instance, statins, fibrates, ezetimibe, nicotinic acid, resin and orlistat are pharmacological sdLDL-C-lowering agents. Regarding nutritional strategies, simple carbohydrate types, such as fructose, are common in Western diets and should be reduced or avoided due to their potential in increasing synthesis of sdLDL-C subclasses. Dairy products, avocado, pistachios, soy-based diet (except for hydrogenated soybean oil) and corn oil seem to be suitable food choices for a therapeutic diet aiming to control sdLDL-C concentrations. However, thus far dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids is unsubstantiated for decreasing sdLDL-C concentration. In conclusion, coupled with the traditional lipid profile, measurement or even the estimation of sdLDL-C as a routine screening should be encouraged, whereas more insights into the control of sdLDL-C are imperative. Appropriate clinical reference ranges for sdLDL-C are also needed. (c) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term treatment with fish oil prevents memory impairments but not hippocampal damage in rats subjected to transient, global cerebral ischemia; Cerebral ischemia leads to neurodegeneration and cognitive impairment. Fish oil (FO) constitutes a rich dietary source of omega-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The objective of the present study was to investigate whether long-term treatment with commercial, high concentration DHA-containing FO Could be effective in alleviating both the cognitive and neurodegenerative deficits caused by transient, global cerebral ischemia (TGCI) in rats. Naive rats were trained for 10 days in an 8-arm radial maze task and then subjected to TGCI for 15 minutes (4-VO model) 3 days later (day 13). Retention of the previously acquired cognition (ie, memory) was assessed weekly on days 20, 27, 34, 41, 48, and 55 and measured by 3 behavioral parameters its follows: (i) latency to find the goal box, (6) number of reference memory errors, and (iii) number of working memory errors. The extent of pyramidal cell death in the hippocampus was examined at the end of the behavioral analysis on day 43. Fish oil (300 mg/kg DHA, gavage) administration occurred once daily beginning 3 days before TGCI (the last day of training) and continued until day 41. Transient, global cerebral ischemia markedly disrupted memory performance measured by all 3 parameters (P <.0001 vs sham). This amnesic effect of ischemia persisted until the end of the behavioral analysis. Treatment with FO progressively reversed the TGCI-induced retention deficit until rats achieved control levels. This protective effect of FO on learning/memory function was clearly observed after both daily and cumulative data analysis (P <.001-0.01 vs vehicle). Such memory improvements remained statistically significant, even after cessation of FO treatment, indicating a sustained effect of FO. In contrast, FO failed to prevent ischemia-induced hippocampal damage in areas Ca1, CA2, or CA4. Therefore, the present findings suggest that long-term FO treatment is able to facilitate functional recovery after ischemic brain damage, an effect that wits distinct from hippocampal damage. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid-induced toxicity and neutral lipid accumulation in insulin-producing RINm5F cells; Fatty acids have been shown to cause death of rat and human primary pancreatic beta cells and of insulin-producing cell lines. These studies focused mainly on saturated and monounsaturated FA such as palmitic, stearic and oleic acids. In this study, we have performed a comparison of the toxicity of a wider range of FA. The toxicity of different FA to insulin-producing RINm5F cells was assessed by flow cytometry measuring loss of plasma membrane integrity and increase in DNA fragmentation. Additionally, the FA induced neutral lipid accumulation and the FA composition were determined. Palmitic, linoleic, gamma-linolenic, oleic, stearic, and eicosapentaenoic acid caused DNA fragmentation of insulin-producing RINm5F cells. Loss of membrane integrity was mainly caused by linoleic and 7-linolenic acid. There was no correlation between cytotoxicity and the abundance of the FA in the cells as determined by HPLC analysis. Taken as whole, the toxic effect of the FA on insulin-producing RINm5F cells varied irrespective of the chain length and the degree of unsaturation. In these cells PA and LA exhibited the highest toxicity, whereas AA was not toxic. In addition, the toxicity of most tested FA was inversely related to low NLA, except for AA and EPA. The results of this study contribute to the understanding of the role of FA in the impairment of pancreatic beta cell function that occurs in type 2 diabetes and obesity. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A genome-wide association study of saturated, mono- and polyunsaturated red blood cell fatty acids in the Framingham Heart Offspring Study; Most genome-wide association studies have explored relationships between genetic variants and plasma phospholipid fatty acid proportions, but few have examined apparent genetic influences on the membrane fatty acid profile of red blood cells (RBC). Using RBC fatty acid data from the Framingham Offspring Study, we analyzed over 2.5 million single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) for association with 14 RBC fatty acids identifying 191 different SNPs associated with at least 1 fatty acid. Significant associations (p < 1 x 10(-8)) were located within five distinct 1 MB regions. Of particular interest were novel associations between (1) arachidonic acid and PCOLCE2 (regulates apoA-I maturation and modulates apoA-I levels), and (2) oleic and linoleic acid and LPCAT3 (mediates the transfer of fatty acids between glycerolipids). We also replicated previously identified strong associations between SNPs in the FADS (chromosome 11) and ELOVL (chromosome 6) regions. Multiple SNPs explained 8-14% of the variation in 3 high abundance ( > 11%) fatty acids, but only 1-3% in 4 low abundance ( < 3%) fatty acids, with the notable exception of dihomo-gamma linolenic acid with 53% of variance explained by SNPs. Further studies are needed to determine the extent to which variations in these genes influence tissue fatty acid content and pathways modulated by fatty acids. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary fats and cardiovascular health; Although dietary fat and its role in cardiovascular prevention has been one of the most extensively studied nutritional topics, it continues to be an ever-expanding research area. Particularly thanks to studies on Mediterranean diet, we now know that fat quality is more relevant than the amount of fat we eat in the diet. Thus, saturated and trans fats have been found to increase the risk of atherogenic disease. This is why it is recommended to substitute complex carbohydrates or unsaturated fat for unsaturated and trans fats with the aim of reducing saturated and trans fat intake to < 10% and < 1%, respectively, of the total calorie intake. Recent population studies, particularly that conducted in Kuopio, Finland, and those on Mediterranean diet, stress the important role of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats as key nutrients in preventing cardiovascular disease in modern societies. Furthermore, a special type of polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e. those of the omega-3 (n-3) series, is increasingly becoming essential nutrients for a healthy diet, especially in the case of children. Therefore, there is a rationale for four the Scientific Societies that are strongly committed to disseminate the benefits of a healthy diet in preventing cardiovascular disease, and to prepare a joint statement with the purpose of spreading improved knowledge on the importance of changing to a healthy diet with a well-balanced fat intake for industrialized populations. Accordingly, a multidisciplinary panel of experts from the following institutions has developed the present joint statement targeted at both adults and children of different ages: Spanish Society of Arteriosclerosis, Spanish Society of Family and Community Medicine, Spanish Association of Paediatrics, Spanish Society of Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Paediatric Nutrition and Dietetics, and Spanish Society for Food Sciences.
PROUD: Effects of preoperative long-term immunonutrition in patients listed for liver transplantation; Background: Patients with end stage liver disease are characteristically malnourished which is associated with poor outcome. Formulas enriched with arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, and nucleotides, "immunonutrients", potentially improve their nutritional status. This study is designed to evaluate the clinical outcome of long-term "immunonutrition" of patients with end-stage liver disease while on the waiting list for liver transplantation.
Lipotoxicity: The missing link between diabetes and periodontitis?; Lipotoxicity refers to the accumulation of lipids in tissues other than adipose tissue (body fat). It is one of the major pathophysiological mechanisms responsible for the progression of diabetes complications such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and diabetic nephropathy. Accumulating evidence indicates that lipotoxicity also contributes significantly to the toxic effects of diabetes on periodontitis. Therefore, we reviewed the current in vivo, in vitro, and clinical evidence of the detrimental effects of lipotoxicity on periodontitis, focusing on its molecular mechanisms, especially oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress, inflammation, ceramides, adipokines, and programmed cell death pathways. By elucidating potential therapeutic strategies targeting lipotoxicity and describing their associated mechanisms and clinical outcomes, including metformin, statins, liraglutide, adiponectin, and omega-3 PUFA, this review seeks to provide a more comprehensive and effective treatment framework against diabetes-associated periodontitis. Furthermore, the challenges and future research directions are proposed, aiming to contribute to a more profound understanding of the impact of lipotoxicity on periodontitis.
Resolvin E1 Improves Mitochondrial Function in Human Alveolar Epithelial Cells during Severe Inflammation; Severe inflammatory disorders such as sepsis are a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Mitochondrial dysfunction is regarded as a key feature involved in inflammation pathogenesis. In the present study, we investigated the impact of the omega-3 fatty acid-derived lipid mediator Resolvin E1 (RvE1) on mitochondrial function in experimental pulmonary inflammation. RvE1 was found to exert anti-inflammatory properties in human alveolar epithelial cells during severe inflammation. RvE1 is capable of restoring inflammation-induced mitochondrial dysfunction and the impaired imbalance of mitochondrial fission and fusion. Experimental inhibition of mitochondrial fission with Mdivi-1 in our model is associated with a significantly reduced inflammatory response and improved mitochondrial function. These findings suggest a novel functional mechanism for the beneficial effects of RvE1 in experimental pulmonary inflammatory reactions.
Clinical Applications of C<sub>18</sub> and C<sub>20</sub> Chain Length Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Biotechnological Production in Plants; A potential revolution in FA therapies is on the horizon. In recent years, the full magnitude of various FA treatments and their overall importance to health has become increasingly apparent. Fetal and infant nutrition studies have clearly shown that FA status at birth can have life-long health implications affecting eye and brain function, insulin resistance, and blood pressure control. As well, nutrition studies have identified dietary imbalances and deficiencies that have the potential to alter the health of future generations severely and to promote progression of age-related degenerative disorders.
<i>FADS1</i> and <i>ELOVL2</i> polymorphisms reveal associations for differences in lipid metabolism in a cross-sectional population-based survey of Brazilian men and women; Cardiometabolic risk involves environmental and genetic factors. We aimed to investigate the relationship between plasma fatty acids and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), located in elongase and desaturases genes, and cardiometabolic parameters in a cross-sectional population-based survey. A sample of 226 adults who participated in the Health Survey of Sao Paulo, Brazil, was selected. Clinical and anthropometric variables, plasma lipoprotein, and fatty acid were evaluated. We hypothesized that differences in SNPs could lead to changes in plasma long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. We analyzed the relationship between SNPs in FADS1 (rs174546) and ELOVL2 (rs953413) genes, plasma fatty acid profiles, and cardiometabolic-related phenotypes using multiple linear regression, which was adjusted for confounders. Plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in carriers of the T allele for the FADS1 SNP. Plasma oleic acid levels were statistically higher in individuals with CT/TT genotypes in the FADS1 and AG/CC genotypes in the ELOVL2 SNPs in comparison to the CC and AA genotypes, respectively. Higher levels of linoleic and linolenic acid were found for Tallele carriers of FADS1 SNP. The estimated activity of the stearoyl CoA desaturase enzyme (SDC_18) was higher in the CT/TT genotypes (FADS1). Delta-5 desaturase estimated activity was statistically lower in the presence of the minor FADS1 allele. The estimated activity of the enzyme delta-6 desaturase was statistically lower for FADS1 CT and TT genotypes. SNPs in FADS1 and ELOVL2 genes showed protective associations for lipid metabolism and could be markers of lower cardiometabolic risk. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECT OF DIETS CONTAINING HERRING OIL OXIDIZED TO DIFFERENT DEGREES ON GROWTH AND IMMUNOCOMPETENCE OF JUVENILE COHO SALMON (ONCORHYNCHUS-KISUTCH); Growth rate and efficiency of feed conversion were reduced by inclusion of oxidized herring oil in the diet, presumably as a result of reduced digestibility of the oxidized oil and suboptimal dietary concentrations of .omega.3 fatty acids. There was no evidence of any toxic factors in the oxidized oil. There was no significant difference in growth rate or the efficiency of feed conversion between juvenile coho fed diets supplemented with 30 and 1030 IU vitamin E/kg. Dietary treatment did not affect  haematocrit values. Immunocompetence, judged by antibody titres in rsponse to vibrio vaccination, was similar for all treatments. Disease resistance, assessed by the rate of mortality induced by exposure of nonvaccinated fish to challenge with Vibrio anguillarum or V. ordali, was likewise unaffected by the dietary treatments.
Virgin Coconut Oil and Its Potential Cardioprotective Effects; Emphasis on diet to improve the cardiovascular (CV) risk profile has been the focus of many studies. Recently, virgin coconut oil (VCO) has been growing in popularity due to its potential CV benefits. The chemical properties and the manufacturing process of VCO make this oil healthier than its copra-derived counterpart. This review highlights the mechanism through which saturated fatty acids contribute to CV disease (CVD), how oils and fats contribute to the risk of CVD, and the existing views on VCO and how its cardioprotective effects may make this a possible dietary intervention in isolation or in combination with exercise to help reduce the burden of CVDs.
A combination nutritional supplement reduces DNA methylation age only in older adults with a raised epigenetic age; An increase in systemic inflammation (inflammaging) is one of the hallmarks of aging. Epigenetic (DNA methylation) clocks can quantify the degree of biological aging and this can be reversed by lifestyle and pharmacological intervention. We aimed to investigate whether a multi-component nutritional supplement could reduce systemic inflammation and epigenetic age in healthy older adults.We recruited 80 healthy older participants (mean age +/- SD: 71.85 +/- 6.23; males = 31, females = 49). Blood and saliva were obtained pre and post a 12-week course of a multi-component supplement, containing: Vitamin B3, Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Omega 3 fish oils, Resveratrol, Olive fruit phenols and Astaxanthin. Plasma GDF-15 and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations were quantified as markers of biological aging and inflammation respectively. DNA methylation was assessed in whole blood and saliva and used to derive epigenetic age using various clock algorithms.No difference between the epigenetic and chronological ages of participants was observed pre- and post-treatment by the blood-based Horvath or Hannum clocks, or the saliva-based InflammAge clock. However, in those with epigenetic age acceleration of >= 2 years at baseline, a significant reduction in epigenetic age (p = 0.015) and epigenetic age acceleration (p = 0.0058) was observed post-treatment using the saliva-based InflammAge clock. No differences were observed pre- and post-treatment in plasma GDF-15 and CRP, though participants with CRP indicative of an elevated cardiovascular disease risk (hsCRP >= 3 mu g/ml), had a reduction in CRP post-supplementation (p = 0.0195).Our data suggest a possible benefit of combined nutritional supplementation in individuals with an accelerated epigenetic age and inflammaging.
Lipid peroxidation regulates long-range wound detection through 5-lipoxygenase in zebrafish; Two complementary studies from the laboratories of Riegman et al. and Katikaneni et al., respectively, identify a key role for controlled wave-like propagation of lipid peroxide signalling during wound detection in vivo, and in ferroptotic cell death.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids modulate the delivery of platelet microvesicle-derived microRNAs into human breast cancer cell lines; Breast cancer is one of the most frequent and malignant types of cancer in women, with an increasing morbidity and mortality rate; in particular, treatment of triple negative breast cancer remains a challenge, since the efforts made with targeted therapies were ineffective.
Postprandial hyperlipidemia as a potential residual risk factor; Statin therapy targeting reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) decreases the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality. However, a substantial number of cases of CHD are not prevented and residual risk factors remain unsettled. A high triglyceride (TG) level is considered to be an important and residual risk factor. Postprandial hyperlipidemia is a condition in which TG-rich chylomicron remnants are increased during the postprandial period and hypertriglycedemia is protracted. Postprandial hyperlipidemia evokes atherogenesis during the postprandial period. Several prospective studies have revealed that nonfasting serum TG levels predict the incidence of CHD. Values of TG, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, and remnant lipoprotein TG after fat loading were significantly higher in diabetes patients with insulin resistance than in diabetes patients without insulin resistance.
Hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis in pregnancy: case review on the role of therapeutic plasma exchange; Gestational hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis is associated with significant maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We report a case of gestational hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis in a primigravida at 31-weeks gestation, complicated by impending preterm labor and metabolic acidosis requiring hemodialysis. This was successfully managed with therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE), followed by i.v. insulin, low-fat diet, and omega-3. Triglyceride levels stabilized after TPE and the patient underwent an uncomplicated term delivery. In pregnancy, elevated estrogen and insulin resistance exacerbate hypertriglyceridemia. Management is challenging as risks and benefits of treatment options need to be weighed against fetal wellbeing. We discuss management options including a review of previous case reports detailing TPE use, dietary optimization, and delivery timing. This case emphasizes the importance of multidisciplinary care to optimize maternal and fetal outcomes.
Dysfunction of high-density lipoprotein and its apolipoproteins: New mechanisms underlying cardiometabolic risk in the population at large; We review the metabolic and residual cardiovascular risk existing in populations with prevailing metabolic syndrome (MetS) or in people prone to impaired glucose tolerance. Evidence is presented that enhanced systemic inflammation, or oxidative stress associated with elevated plasma triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their remnants, and excess oxidized lipoprotein(a) phospholipids underlie this risk. The adverse risk profile is augmented by loss of the anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidative and atheroprotective properties of high-density lipoprotein and its apolipoproteins (apo). Common clinical manifestations are atherogenic dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia with elevated apoB or hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype. These manifestations are often accompanied by such inflammatory mediators/markers as elevated serum apoE, C-reactive protein, complement C3, and uric acid levels. Compared with men, pen- and postmenopausal women are more commonly and more strongly affected by multiple inflammation mediators. The long-term effects of cigarette smoking are not adverse in such women, but instead, serve as protection against obesity and other health issues. ApoA-I may become dysfunctional in either gender, even in the absence of MetS and diabetes. The public health implications of this cardiometabolic risk are huge. Much research is needed on this topic to further clarify the impact of apoA-I dysfunction, to elucidate the underlying genetics and mechanisms, and to determine preventive measures and optimal management. Avoiding (abdominal) obesity via lifestyle modifications, including dietary changes, improving physical inactivity, and limiting smoking and alcohol consumption, are mainstay measures in the prevention and management of pro-inflammatory states and HDL dysfunction. Omega-3 fatty acids area good adjunct to lower plasma triglycerides. When further treatment is needed, extended-release niacin or fibrates, with or without statins, are the best options.
Dietary fats and cardiovascular health; Although dietary fat and its role in cardiovascular prevention has been one of the most extensively studied nutritional topics, it continues to be an ever-expanding research area. Particularly thanks to studies on Mediterranean diet, we now know that fat quality is more relevant than the amount of fat we eat in the diet. Thus, saturated and trans fats have been found to increase the risk of atherogenic disease. This is why it is recommended to substitute complex carbohydrates or unsaturated fat for unsaturated and trans fats with the aim of reducing saturated and trans fat intake to < 10% and < 1%, respectively, of the total calorie intake. Recent population studies, particularly that conducted in Kuopio, Finland, and those on Mediterranean diet, stress the important role of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats as key nutrients in preventing cardiovascular disease in modern societies. Furthermore, a special type of polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e. those of the omega-3 (n-3) series, is increasingly becoming essential nutrients for a healthy diet, especially in the case of children. Therefore, there is a rationale for four the Scientific Societies that are strongly committed to disseminate the benefits of a healthy diet in preventing cardiovascular disease, and to prepare a joint statement with the purpose of spreading improved knowledge on the importance of changing to a healthy diet with a well-balanced fat intake for industrialized populations. Accordingly, a multidisciplinary panel of experts from the following institutions has developed the present joint statement targeted at both adults and children of different ages: Spanish Society of Arteriosclerosis, Spanish Society of Family and Community Medicine, Spanish Association of Paediatrics, Spanish Society of Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Paediatric Nutrition and Dietetics, and Spanish Society for Food Sciences.
Genetic re-engineering of polyunsaturated phospholipid profile of <i>Saccharomyces</i> <i>cerevisiae</i> identifies a novel role for Cld1 in mitigating the effects of cardiolipin peroxidation; Cardiolipin (CL) is a unique phospholipid localized almost exclusively within the mitochondrial membranes where it is synthesized. Newly synthesized CL undergoes acyl remodeling to produce CL species enriched with unsaturated acyl groups. Cld1 is the only identified CL-specific phospholipase in yeast and is required to initiate the CL remodeling pathway. In higher eukaryotes, peroxidation of CL, yielding CLox, has been implicated in the cellular signaling events that initiate apoptosis. CLox can undergo enzymatic hydrolysis, resulting in the release of lipid mediators with signaling properties. Our previous findings suggested that CLD1 expression is upregulated in response to oxidative stress, and that one of the physiological roles of CL remodeling is to remove peroxidized CL. To exploit the powerful yeast model to study functions of CLD1 in CL peroxidation, we expressed the H. brasiliensis Delta(12)-desaturase gene in yeast, which then synthesized poly unsaturated fatty acids(PUFAs) that are incorporated into CL species. Using LC-MS based redox phospholipidomics, we identified and quantified the molecular species of CL and other phospholipids in cld1 Delta vs. WT cells. Loss of CLD1 led to a dramatic decrease in chronological lifespan, mitochondrial membrane potential, and respiratory capacity; it also resulted in increased levels of mono-hydroperoxy-CLs, particularly among the highly unsaturated CL species, including tetralinoleoyl-CL. In addition, purified Cld1 exhibited a higher affinity for CLox, and treatment of cells with H2O2 increased CLD1 expression in the logarithmic growth phase. These data suggest that CLD1 expression is required to mitigate oxidative stress. The findings from this study contribute to our overall understanding of CL remodeling and its role in mitigating oxidative stress.
An inter-order comparison of copepod fatty acid composition and biosynthesis in response to a long-chain PUFA deficient diet along a temperature gradient; Copepods serve as a major link in marine food webs, bridging the energy transfer from primary producers to higher trophic levels. Oceanic warming is linked to reduced concentrations of essential fatty acids (FA) in phytoplankton, namely eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 omega 3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 omega 3), and it remains largely unknown if copepods have the capacity to endure. The calanoid Temora longicornis and the harpacticoid Platychelipus littoralis were chosen to analyse their FA and biosynthesis activity in response to a long-chain polyunsaturated FA (LC-PUFA) deficient diet (Dunaliella tertiolecta) along a temperature gradient. Copepods were fed D. tertiolecta labelled with the stable isotope carbon-13 (C-13) to quantify carbon assimilation into their total FA and de novo EPA and DHA biosynthesis after 6 days incubated at 11, 14, 17, 20 and 23 degrees C. The calanoid had increased mortality with warming, whereas the harpacticoid exhibited high survival across the thermal gradient. After the incubation, P. littoralis assimilated minimal amounts of dietary carbon into its total FA in comparison to T. longicornis. T. longicornis depleted their field EPA and DHA stores more rapidly, whereas P. littoralis maintained its relative storage of EPA and DHA and absolute concentrations of DHA. T. longicornis displayed higher fractions of de novo EPA and DHA biosynthesis than P. littoralis at all temperatures, with the exception of DHA at 23 degrees C. Within our experimental incubation period both species were unable to meaningfully upgrade the LC-PUFA deficient algae to biosynthesize de novo EPA and DHA as a relevant source for higher trophic levels.
Light, lipids and photoreceptor survival: live or let die?; Due to its constant exposure to light and its high oxygen consumption the retina is highly sensitive to oxidative damage, which is a common factor in inducing the death of photoreceptors after light damage or in inherited retinal degenerations. The high content of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the major polyunsaturated fatty acid in the retina, has been suggested to contribute to this sensitivity. DHA is crucial for developing and preserving normal visual function. However, further roles of DHA in the retina are still controversial. Current data support that it can tilt the scale either towards degeneration or survival of retinal cells. DHA peroxidation products can be deleterious to the retina and might lead to retinal degeneration. However, DHA has also been shown to act as, or to be the source of, a survival molecule that protects photoreceptors and retinal pigment epithelium cells from oxidative damage. We have established that DHA protects photoreceptors from oxidative stress-induced apoptosis and promotes their differentiation in vitro. DHA activates the retinoid X receptor (RXR) and the ERK/MAPK pathway, thus regulating the expression of anti and pro-apoptotic proteins. It also orchestrates a diversity of signaling pathways, modulating enzymatic pathways that control the sphingolipid metabolism and activate antioxidant defense mechanisms to promote photoreceptor survival and development. A deeper comprehension of DHA signaling pathways and context-dependent behavior is required to understand its dual functions in retinal physiology.
FADS1 (Fatty Acid Desaturase 1) Genotype Associates With Aortic Valve FADS mRNA Expression, Fatty Acid Content and Calcification; Background: Aortic stenosis (AS) contributes to cardiovascular mortality and morbidity but disease mechanisms remain largely unknown. Recent evidence associates a single nucleotide polymorphism rs174547 within theFADS1gene, encoding FADS1 (fatty acid desaturase 1), with risk of several cardiovascular outcomes, including AS.FADS1encodes a rate-limiting enzyme for omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid metabolism. The aim of this study was to decipher the local transcriptomic and lipidomic consequences of rs174547 in tricuspid aortic valves from patients with AS. Methods: Expression quantitative trait loci study was performed using data from Illumina Human610-Quad BeadChip, Infinium Global Screening Arrays, and Affymetrix Human Transcriptome 2.0 arrays in calcified and noncalcified aortic valve tissue from 58 patients with AS (mean age, 74.2; SD, 5.9). Fatty acid content was assessed in aortic valves from 25 patients with AS using gas chromatography.Delta 5 and Delta 6 desaturase activity was assessed by the product-to-precursor ratio. Results: The minor C-allele of rs174547, corresponding to the protective genotype for AS, was associated with higher FADS2 mRNA levels in calcified valve tissue, whereas FADS1 mRNA and other transcripts in proximity of the single nucleotide polymorphism were unaltered. In contrast, the FADS1 Delta 5-desaturase activity and the FADS2 Delta 6-desaturase activity were decreased. Finally, docosahexaenoic acid was decreased in calcified tissue compared with non-calcified tissue and C-allele carriers exhibited increased docosahexaenoic acid levels. Overall desaturase activity measured with omega-3 fatty acids was higher in C-allele carriers. Conclusions: The association between the FADS1 genotype and AS may implicate effects on valvular fatty acids.
Systems biology of ferroptosis: A modeling approach; Ferroptosis is a recently discovered form of iron-dependent regulated cell death (RCD) that occurs via peroxidation of phospholipids containing polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) moieties. Activating this form of cell death is an emerging strategy in cancer treatment. Because multiple pathways and molecular species contribute to the ferroptotic process, predicting which tumors will be sensitive to ferroptosis is a challenge. We thus develop a mathematical model of several critical pathways to ferroptosis in order to perform a systems-level analysis of the process. We show that sensitivity to ferroptosis depends on the activity of multiple upstream cascades, including PUFA incorporation into the phospholipid membrane, and the balance between levels of pro-oxidant factors (reactive oxygen species, lipoxogynases) and antioxidant factors (GPX4). We perform a systems-level analysis of ferroptosis sensitivity as an outcome of five input variables (ACSL4, SCD1, ferroportin, transferrin receptor, and p53) and organize the resulting simulations into 'high' and 'low' ferroptosis sensitivity groups. We make a novel prediction corresponding to the combinatorial requirements of ferroptosis sensitivity to SCD1 and ACSL4 activity. To validate our prediction, we model the ferroptotic response of an ovarian cancer stem cell line following single- and double-knockdown of SCD1 and ACSL4. We find that the experimental outcomes are consistent with our simulated predictions. This work suggests that a systems-level approach is beneficial for understanding the complex combined effects of ferroptotic input, and in predicting cancer susceptibility to ferroptosis. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Cardiac autonomic dysfunction in hemodialysis patients assessed by heart rate variability; Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is a major problem in patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD) on haemodialysis (HD) and several risk factors are recognized. A major problem may be the autonomic dysfunction which is observed in more than 50 % of ESRD patients. Autonomic dysfunction, and in particular cardiac autonomic dysfunction, is associated with a high risk of ventricular arrhythmias which may eventually lead to SCD. A non-invasive method for measuring cardiac autonomic function is by assessing heart rate variability (HRV) and this review will focus on HRV in HD patients. ESRD patients have an impaired HRV which may partly explain their high risk of SCD. Some intervention studies in HD patients using HRV as a surrogate parameter have been published and are also discussed in this review.
The diet-heart hypothesis, obesity and diabetes; Human feeding studies show that dietary fat quality, but not total fat intake, influences levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Meta-analyses indicate an association with reduced coronary heart disease (CHD) risk when saturated fatty acid is replaced with polyunsaturated fatty acid or with low-glycaemic index carbohydrates. A meta-analysis of eight small trials supports this benefit. Secular trends in populations that modified fat intake and quality show a consistent reduction in LDL cholesterol levels and CHD risk. The increase in obesity and diabetes in many developed countries does not track consistently with the implementation of dietary guidelines aimed at lowering fat intake. Obesity is more likely to be due to increases in total energy intake, coupled with an increasingly sedentary lifestyle. However, cohort studies indicate that poor dietary quality is associated with future weight gain. Both cohort studies and secular trends implicate the increased consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages as being associated with obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Weight reduction can be achieved with a range of energy-restricted diets, including low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets and low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets. Metabolic benefits are proportional to the degree of weight reduction, irrespective of the dietary approach used. The prevention of CHD requires an emphasis on fat quality, rather than fat quantity, while the prevention of obesity and diabetes requires a focus on energy balance and carbohydrate quality. (P) Peer reviewed. (Submitted: 2014-08-04. Accepted: 2015-02-28.) (C) SAJCN
n-3 Omega fatty acids: a review of current knowledge; P>The very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (C18-C22) and n-3 Omega PUFAs are apparently widely accepted as a part of modern nutrition because of their beneficial effects on metabolism. Most significantly, the reported protective effect of the n-3 omega fatty acids in relation to cardiovascular inflammatory diseases and cancer has led people to consider these fatty acids more beneficial than other dietary supplements. Unfortunately, there is a lack of studies relating to the physical performance increasing effect in sports diets, cholesterol-reducing effect in meat technology, effects on human serum profile, the application dose and the side effects with/without omega-6 PUFAs, which has left us with several crucial unanswered questions. We still do not know the correct dose of n-3 omega and the correct ratio of n-3 omega to n-6 omega or their possible contraindications when combined with drugs, other foods and herbal supplements. Another reported aspect of n-3 omega PUFAs is that they protect and even enhance the effect in medical treatment of important diseases such as Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis and cancer. These reports led to PUFAs becoming one of the most accepted and consumed food supplements. Despite this weight of evidence and the considerable current use, there is still a need for studies, which will determine whether the n-3 omega fatty acids are in fact important functional supplements with no adverse effects. This review will attempt to outline the current position of n-3 omega fatty acids in the field of clinical nutrition and healthcare and outline the studies needed to determine whether there are significant advantages in taking them as food supplement without any adverse effects.
Inflammation and treatment response to sertraline in patients with coronary heart disease and comorbid major depression; Objective: Treatment-resistant depression has recently emerged as a marker of increased risk for morbidity and mortality in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Studies in depressed patients without CHD suggest that elevated markers of inflammation predict poor response to treatment. This may help to explain the increased risk of cardiac events associated with depression. We therefore studied the relationship between pretreatment markers of inflammation and treatment response in patients with CHD and major depression.
Dietary Supplementation with Nervonic Acid Ameliorates Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Modulating of Gut Microbiota Composition-Fecal Metabolites Interaction; ScopeCerebral ischemia-reperfusion (IR) injury stands as a prominent global contributor to disability and mortality. Nervonic acid (NA), a bioactive elongated monounsaturated fatty acid, holds pivotal significance in human physiological well-being. This research aims to explore the prophylactic effects and fundamental mechanisms of NA in a rat model of cerebral IR injury.Methods and resultsThrough the induction of middle cerebral artery occlusion, this study establishes a rat model of cerebral IR injury and comprehensively assesses the pharmacodynamic impacts of NA pretreatment. This evaluation involves behavioral analyses, histopathological examinations, and quantification of serum markers. Detailed mechanisms of nervonic acid's prophylactic effects are revealed through fecal metabolomics and 16S rRNA sequencing analyses. Our findings robustly support nervonic acid's capacity to ameliorate neurological impairments in rats afflicted with cerebral IR injury. Beyond its neurological benefits, NA demonstrates its potential by rectifying metabolic perturbations across diverse pathways, particularly those pertinent to unsaturated fatty acid metabolism. Additionally, NA emerges as a modulator of gut microbiota composition, notably by selectively enhancing vital genera like Lactobacillus.ConclusionThese comprehensive findings highlight the potential of incorporating NA as a functional component in dietary interventions aimed at targeting cerebral IR injury.
Regulation of stearoyl-CoA desaturase by polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol; The lipid composition of cellular membranes is regulated to maintain membrane fluidity. A key enzyme involved in this process is the membrane-bound stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) which is the rate-limiting enzyme in the cellular synthesis of monounsaturated fatty acids from saturated fatty acids. A proper ratio of saturated to monounsaturated fatty acids contributes to membrane fluidity, Alterations in this ratio have been implicated in various disease states including cardiovascular disease, obesity non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, hypertension, neurological diseases, immune disorders, and cancer. The regulation of stearoyl-CoA desaturase is therefore of considerable physiological importance and its activity is sensitive to dietary changes, hormonal imbalance, developmental processes, temperature changes, metals, alcohol, peroxisomal proliferators, and phenolic compounds. Two mouse and rat SCD genes (SCD1 and SCD2) and a single human SCD gene have been cloned and characterized, In the past several years we have studied the dietary influences on the genetic expression of the mouse stearoyl-CoA desaturase. The expression of the mouse SCD genes is regulated by polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol at the levels of transcription and mRNA stability, Promoter elements that are responsible for the polyunsaturated fatty acid repression colocalize with the promoter elements for SREBP-mediated regulation of the SCD genes, It is the goal of this revi(e)w to provide an overview of the genetic regulation of the stearoyl-Coa desaturase in response to dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol.
Low vitamin C intake increases risk of pre-eclampsia in high pesticide exposure area; BACKGROUND
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition as a biomarker of habitual dietary fat intake in an ethnically diverse cohort; Background and aim: As an evaluation of fatty acid intake measurement, our aim was to examine associations between diet and plasma phospholipid (PL) fatty acids, and whether these were modified by age, sex, country of birth, fasting status, use of cholesterol-lowering medication, body size, chronic disease and other lifestyle factors.
Dietary fat intake and risk of lung cancer: a prospective study of 51,452 Norwegian men and women; The relationship between incidence of lung cancer and intake of dietary fats, high-fat foods, fish, and fish products was studied in 25,956 men and 25,496 women aged 16-56 years attending Norwegian health screening between 1977 and 1983. Linkage to the Cancer Registry of Norway and the Central Bureau of Statistics of Norway ensured a complete follow-up until 31 December 1991. Diet was recorded on a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire, and 153 cases of lung cancer were identified during followup. Mean age at diagnosis was 56 years. After adjusting for smoking status, gender, age at screening, and attained age, significant lower risks were found for cod liver oil supplement (incidence rate ratio (IRR) = 0.5, 95% CI = 0.3-1.0) and for skim milk compared to whole milk (IRR = 0.5, 95% CI = 0.3-0.9)). No association was found with dietary cholesterol and saturated fat. A threshold of increased risk starting at the second quartile was seen for mono-and polyunsaturated fat. The potential protective effect of cod liver oil, a supplement rich in preformed vitamin A, omega-3 fatty acids, and monounsaturated fat, has to our knowledge, not been reported before. Confounding from lifestyle is possible, but the result deserves further investigation.
Arachidonic acid requirements in larval summer flounder, <i>Paralichthys dentatus</i>; The arachidonic acid (20: 4n-6, AA) requirements of larval summer flounder were determined for the rotifer- and Artemia-feeding stages. Experimental emulsions contained adequate n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA) ratios and emulsion levels of AA were set at 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12% (AA0, AA3, AA6, AA9, and AA12). Examination of fatty acid levels in live feeds and larval tissues confirmed the physiological incorporation of fatty acids relative to dietary levels. In the first experiment, survival, growth, and salinity tolerance (2-h in 70parts per thousand) were measured at 18 days after hatch ( dah) after feeding the larvae the various levels of AA. Larvae fed AA6-enriched rotifers were better able to survive the salinity tolerance test. AA enrichment up to 12% had no effect on growth and survival. In the second experiment, larvae were fed AA0- or AA6-enriched rotifers until 23 dah, followed by unenriched 24- and 48-h Artemia nauplii until 32 dah. These larvae then were subdivided and fed AA-enriched Artemia from 33-45 dah. At the end of this experiment, larvae fed AA6-enriched rotifers had higher survival, increased growth, and survived better in the salinity tolerance test (2-h in 80parts per thousand). The enrichment of Artemia did not have any effect on these variables. Thus, the provision of AA6-enriched rotifers ( 10 mg AA g(-1) DW) early in larval development may serve to enhance larval stress tolerance at the rotifer stage while also increasing larval survival, growth, and stress tolerance later in the Artemia stage.
Docosahexaenoic Acid and Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Preterm Infants; BACKGROUND
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid levels influence the outcome of arabinosylcytosine chemotherapy in L1210 leukemic mice; The purpose of this study was to investigate whether dietary supplementation with the n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in combination with arabinosylcytosine (AraC) chemotherapy could prolong the life expectancy of mice bearing L1210 leukemia. The four control diets included rodent chow, a diet containing 5% of a blended oil mimicking the fatty acid composition of rodent chow, and diets containing 5% or 10% fat with safflower oil as the main oil source. The two DHA-supplemented diets provided 1.5% or 3.5% DHA and 5% or 10% total fat, respectively. After tumor cell inoculation, mice were treated with AraC for 10 days. Mice fed the 5% safflower oil diet (30.1 +/- 4.1 days), but not those fed the 10% safflower oil diet, survived longer than the chow-fed animals (22.1 +/- 3.1 days, P = 0.05). The 1.5% DHA diet (average intake 1.8 g DHA/kg/day) was associated with a longer life span (33.3 +/- 3.4 days, P < 0.01 vs. chow-fed) and no incidence of death due to drug toxicity. Further increasing DHA intake (4.5 g DHA/kg/day) resulted in shortened survival time (26.5 +/- 2.0 days), increased circulating tumor cell burden, and lowered red blood cell concentrations. These data suggest that a modest level of dietary DHA or linoleic acid supplementation may improve the antineoplastic efficacy of AraC. However, overconsumption of DHA reverses the beneficial effect of DHA intake on drug sensitivity.
Association of Body Weight With Response to Vitamin D Supplementation and Metabolism; IMPORTANCE In the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL), the effects of randomized vitamin D supplementation (cholecalciferol), 2000 IU/d, reduced the risk of several health outcomes among participants with normal, but not elevated, body weights. It was unclear whether weight had any association with the outcomes of the supplementation.
Effects of T-2 toxin on histopathology, fatty acid and water distribution of shrimp (<i>Litopenaeus vannamei)</i> muscle; T-2 toxin (T-2), one of the naturally occurring mycotoxins, often accumulates in aquatic animals from contaminated feed. Shrimp (n = 30 per group) were fed with different concentrations (0, 0.5, 1.5, 4.5 and 13.5 mg kg(-1)) of T-2 for 20 days. Changes in histopathology, fatty acid and water distribution of shrimp muscle were analyzed. Histopathology of shrimp muscle showed dose-dependent marked degenerative and necrotic changes on exposure to dietary T-2. The T-2 significantly (P < 0.05) affected the muscle fatty acid composition. n-ary sumation SFA, n-ary sumation MUFA and n-ary sumation PUFA initially decreased and then increased slowly in the high-dosed groups. C16:0, C18:1n-9 and C18:2n-6 were the main saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), respectively. Also, T-2 significantly affected water distribution in shrimp muscle. High doses of T-2 reduced free water content, resulting in a reduction in the water holding capacity and hence changes to the shrimp muscle quality. Collectively, these results illustrated that T-2 significantly affects the fatty acid and water distribution, and also muscle histopathology, all of which would result in a reduction in the quality and nutritional value of shrimp.
In Vitro Protein Digestibility and Fatty Acid Profile of Commercial Plant-Based Milk Alternatives; Plant-based milk alternatives (PBMA) are a new popular food trend among consumers in Europe and North America. The forecast shows that PBMA will double their value by 2023. The objective of this study was to analyze the nutritional value of commercial products in terms of their fatty acid profile and protein digestibility from commercial PBMA. Eight commercially available PBMA were selected for fatty acid analysis, performed with gas chromatography of methylated fatty acids (GC-FAME), and, from these, four commercial products (almond drink, hemp drink, oat drink, and soy drink) were selected for a short-term in vitro protein digestibility (IVPD) analysis. The fatty acid analysis results showed that most of the products predominantly contained oleic acid (C18:1 omega-9) and linoleic acid (C18:2 omega-6). Hemp drink contained the highest omega-6/omega-3 (omega 6/omega 3) ratio among all tested products (3.43). Oat drink and almond drink were the PBMA with the highest short-term protein digestibility, non-significantly different from cow's milk, while soy drink showed the lowest value of protein digestibility. In conclusion, PBMA showed a significant variability depending on the plant source, both in terms of fatty acid composition and protein digestibility. These results provide more in-depth nutritional information, for future product development, and for consumer's choice.
Associations of educational attainment with Sepsis mediated by metabolism traits and smoking: a Mendelian randomization study; Objective Sepsis constitutes a significant global healthcare burden. Studies suggest a correlation between educational attainment and the likelihood of developing sepsis. Our goal was to utilize Mendelian randomization (MR) in order to examine the causal connection between educational achievement (EA) and sepsis, while measuring the mediating impacts of adjustable variables.Methods We collected statistical data summarizing educational achievement (EA), mediators, and sepsis from genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Employing a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) approach, we calculated the causal impact of education on sepsis. Following this, we performed multivariable MR analyses to assess the mediation proportions of various mediators, including body mass index (BMI), smoking, omega-3 fatty acids, and apolipoprotein A-I(ApoA-I).Results Genetic prediction of 1-SD (4.2 years) increase in educational attainment (EA) was negatively correlated with sepsis risk (OR = 0.83, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.96). Among the four identified mediators, ranked proportionally, they including BMI (38.8%), smoking (36.5%), ApoA-I (6.3%) and omega-3 (3.7%). These findings remained robust across a variety of sensitivity analyses.Conclusion The findings of this study provided evidence for the potential preventive impact of EA on sepsis, which may be influenced by factors including and metabolic traits and smoking. Enhancing interventions targeting these factors may contribute to reducing the burden of sepsis.
A 7-day high-PUFA diet reduces angiopoietin-like protein 3 and 8 responses and postprandial triglyceride levels in healthy females but not males: a randomized control trial; BackgroundPolyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have beneficial effects on hypertriglyceridemia although their effect on angiopoietin-like proteins (ANGPTLs), specifically ANGPTL3, ANGPTL4 and ANGPTL8 is unknown.ObjectiveTo determine whether a high-PUFA diet improves postprandial triglyceride (TG) levels through reducing ANGPTL responses following high saturated fat (SFA) meals.MethodsTwenty-six adults were randomized into a PUFA diet (n=16) or a control diet group (n=10). Participants completed a pre-diet visit (v1) where they were given two SFA-rich, high-fat meals. Blood draws were taken at fasting and every 2h postprandially for a total of 8h. After v1, participants completed a 7d diet of the same macronutrient proportions (50% carbohydrate, 35% fat, 15% protein) but with different fatty acid (FA) compositions (PUFA=21% of total energy from PUFAs vs. Control=7% of total energy from PUFA). All participants then completed the post-diet visit (v2) identical to v1.ResultsIn the PUFA group, females, but not males, reduced TG concentrations (Area under the curve (AUC): 141.218.7 vs. 80.76.5mg/dL/h, p=0.01, for v1 vs. v2, respectively). Fasting and postprandial AUC levels of ANGPTL3 and 8, but not ANGPTL4, also decreased from v1 to v2 in PUFA females, but not males. No changes from v1 to v2 were seen in either sex in the control group.Conclusions p id=Par A PUFA-rich diet improves TG levels in response to high-SFA meals with reductions in ANGPTL3 and ANGPTL8. PUFAs may be more protective against hypertriglyceridemia in females, compared to males since no diet effect was observed in males.Trial registration p id=Par NCT02246933.
Brief episode of STZ-induced hyperglycemia produces cardiac abnormalities in rats fed a diet rich in n-6 PUFA; Diabetic patients are particularly susceptible to cardiomyopathy independent of vascular disease, and recent evidence implicates cell death as a contributing factor. Given its protective role against apoptosis, we hypothesized that dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) may well decrease the incidence of this mode of cardiac cell death after diabetes. Male Wistar rats were first fed a diet rich in n-6 PUFA [20% (wt/wt) sunflower oil] for 4 wk followed by streptozotocin (STZ, 55 mg/kg) to induce diabetes. After a brief period of hyperglycemia (4 days), hearts were excised for functional, morphological, and biochemical analysis. In diabetic rats, n-6 PUFA decreased caspase-3 activity, crucial for myocardial apoptosis. However, cardiac necrosis, an alternative mode of cell death, increased. In these hearts, a rise in linoleic acid and depleted cardiac glutathione could explain this "switch" to necrotic cell death. Additionally, mitochondrial abnormalities, impaired substrate utilization, and enhanced triglyceride accumulation could have also contributed to a decline in cardiac function in these animals. Our study provides evidence that, in contrast to other models of diabetic cardiomyopathy that exhibit cardiac dysfunction only after chronic hyperglycemia, n-6 PUFA feeding coupled with only 4 days of diabetes precipitated metabolic and contractile abnormalities in the heart. Thus, although promoted as being beneficial, excess n-6 PUFA, with its predisposition to induce obesity, insulin resistance, and ultimately diabetes, could accelerate myocardial abnormalities in diabetic patients.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a diabetologist's perspective; In the recent years, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has emerged as the commonest cause of chronic liver disease in the developed world. The global epidemic of obesity secondary to physical inactivity and adverse food habits accounts for the alarming rise in NAFLD. Metabolic syndrome plays a major role in the pathogenesis of both NAFLD and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Whilst most cases of NAFLD remain asymptomatic with only hepatic steatosis, about 30 % progress to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with chronic liver inflammation that can lead on to fibrosis, cirrhosis, liver failure, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Because of the similar pathogenesis shared between T2DM and NAFLD, T2DM occurs as an important complication in many cases of NAFLD, and many cases of T2DM are further complicated by NAFLD. Rapid progression and increased complications of the individual diseases is the end result of this dual coexistence. Diagnosis of NAFLD relies upon hepatic imaging, serum biochemical markers, and liver biopsy. As in T2DM, the most important management option for patients with NAFLD is lifestyle changes targeted at weight reduction. Other treatment options include insulin sensitizers (metformin and pioglitazone), vitamin E, incretin mimetics, omega-3 fatty acids, cholesterol lowering agents, orlistat, and bariatric surgery. The clinical spectrum, patho-physiological features and therapeutic options of NAFLD share many things in common with T2DM and therefore, this review is to highlight the diabetologist's perspective of the disease.
Production, chemical composition, and fatty acid profile of milk from buffaloes fed with cupuacu (<i>Theobroma grandiflorum</i>) cake and murumuru (<i>Astrocaryum murumuru</i>) cake in the Eastern Amazon; The objective was to evaluate the effect of concentrate supplementation using by-products of the Amazonian industry on milk production, milk composition, and milk fatty acid profile of dairy buffaloes. Twelve lactating buffaloes (544.5 +/- 35.6 kg, 6.4 +/- 2.2 years old, 59 +/- 6 days in milk) were allotted in a pasture of Mombaca grass and managed under rotational grazing (4 days occupancy/28 days rest). A 3 x 3 Latin square was adopted, and each animal alternately received three supplementary treatments based on corn bran + soybean meal or cupuacu cake or murumuru cake for 21 days per treatment. Murumuru cake increased the levels of lauric acid and myristic acid in the milk (p < 0.05). Murumuru cake reduced the unsaturated fatty acid contents in the milk compared with animals fed control diet or cupuacu cake (24.27% vs. 25.24% vs. 25.08%). The n-6/n-3 ratio was 2.6, 1.97, and 2.0 in the control, cupuacu, and murumuru groups, respectively. Based on this parameter, cakes made from cupuacu as well as murumuru could be considered to be adequate for inclusion in dairy water buffalo feed. However, the murumuru cake addition requires some caution because its use induces the secretion of higher levels of lauric and myristic fatty acids that are related to human cardiovascular disease.
Comparison of bioavailability of krill oil versus fish oil and health effect; Background: The aim of this review is to summarize the effects of krill oil (KO) or fish oil (FO) on eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) incorporation in plasma phospholipids or membrane of red blood cells (RBCs) as shown in human and animal studies. Furthermore, we discuss the findings in relation to the possible different health effects, focusing on lipids, inflammatory markers, cardiovascular disease risk, and biological functions of these two sources of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs).
THE NUTRITIONAL REQUIREMENTS OF LOCUSTS .5. OBSERVATIONS ON ESSENTIAL FATTY ACIDS, CHLOROPHYLL, NUTRITIONAL SALT MIXTURES, AND THE PROTEIN OR AMINO ACID COMPONENTS OF SYNTHETIC DIETS; A requirement for unsaturated fatty acid in Locusta may be fully met by either pure linoleic or linolenic acids but not by arachidonic acid. Augmentation of the standard synthetic diet with crude chlorophyll paste produced no improvement in the growth of either Schistocerca or Locusta. Between 1 and 2 per cent of salt mixture was required in the diet for satisfactory growth of both Schistocerca and Locusta and amounts up to 11 per cent were well tolerated. A salt mixture similar in composition to plant ash was no better than the mammalian nutritional mixture used as a standard, and apparently satisfactory growth was obtained with a much simplified mixture of only four salts. From this it appears that locusts can tolerate large excesses of salts and probably wide variations in the ratios of ions in the diet. Locusta and Schistocerca differ markedly in their ability to grow on diets of different protein composition. A mixture of casein, egg albumen, and peptone was satisfactory for both species, but whereas Schistocerca could complete development at a normal rate of growth on diets containing only casein (of certain grades) Locusta grew poorly and rarely survived the early instar with casein alone, whatever the grade. A similar distinction between the two species was observed on diets containing an amino acid mixture in place of protein. Locusta was unable to survive beyond the second instar, but Schistocerca could develop to the adult stage, although at a reduced rate of growth. It was thus possible to rear Schistocerca, but not Locusta, on a completely defined diet.
Cervical Pessary to Prevent Preterm Birth in Asymptomatic High-Risk Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis COMMENT; Preterm birth is associated with a multitude of short-term complications in infants compared with term delivery. These short-term complications include respiratory distress syndrome, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, intraventricular hemorrhage, periventricular leukomalacia, and retinopathy of prematurity. Preterm birth can also be associated with complications that arise later in life such as diabetes mellitus, lung function impairment, venous thromboembolism, sleep-disordered breathing, ischemic heart disease, and chronic kidney disease. Preterm birth has also been associated with increased mortality from birth to 45 years of age. Several interventions, including progestogens (17 alpha-hydroxyprogesterone caproate, vaginal progesterone, and oral progesterone), omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation, cervical cerclage, and cervical pessary, have been proposed in order to prevent preterm birth in asymptomatic, high-risk women. Vaginal progesterone and cervical cerclage have been shown to prevent or reduce the risk of preterm birth, whereas 17 alpha- hydroxyprogesterone caproate, oral progesterone, and omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation have had inconclusive results. Studies of the efficacy of cervical pessary in preventing preterm birth have also shown conflicting results. These authors preformed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate whether cervical pessary aids in the prevention of preterm birth and perinatal morbidity and mortality in asymptomatic high-risk women. Articles relevant to the study were identified through searches in MEDLINE, EMBASE, POPLINE, LILACS, CINAHL, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, clinical trial registries, and Google Scholar. Terms used to search the articles were cervical pessary and preterm birth. Articles were included if they were randomized controlled trials comparing asymptomatic women at high risk of preterm birth with and without a pessary in place, as well as other interventions (such as vaginal progesterone or cervical cerclage). Articles were excluded if they were quasi-randomized, analyzed cervical pessary in women with arrested preterm labor or placenta previa, or did not contain reported clinical outcomes. The primary outcome was spontaneous preterm birth at less than 34 weeks' gestation, and the secondary outcomes were adverse pregnancy and maternal and perinatal outcomes. Pooled relative risks were calculated with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and the quality of evidence was determined using the GRADE methodology, which breaks down the levels of certainty into 4 categories: high, moderate, low, and very low. Overall, 12 studies were included in the analyses. These 12 studies included 4687 women and 7167 fetuses/infants. Eight articles assessed pessary versus no pessary in women with a short cervix, 2 articles evaluated pessary versus no pessary in unselected multiple gestations, and 2 articles compared the pessary versus vaginal progesterone in women with a short cervix. Ten trials were designed to evaluate cervical pessaries in women with a short cervix (defined as cervical length <= 25, <25, <= 30, and <38 mm). The other 2 trials looked at the effect of cervical pessary in women with unselected multiple gestations and reported results for subgroups of women with a short cervix (which was defined as <38 and <= 25 mm).
Effects of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on fatty acid absorption, incorporation into serum phospholipids and postprandial triglyceridemia; Fourteen healthy volunteers were randomly allocated to receive 4 g highly purified ethyl esters of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (95% pure, n = 7) or docosahexaenoicacid (DHA) (90% pure, n = 7) daily for 5 wk in supplement to their ordinary diet. The n-3 fatty acids were given with a standard high-fat meal at the beginning and the end of the supplementation period. EPA and DHA induced a similar incorporation into chylomicrons which peaked 6 h after the meal. The relative uptake of EPA and DHA from the meal was >90% compared with the uptake of oleic acid. During absorption, there was no significant elongation or retroconversion of EPA or DHA in total chylomicron fatty acids. The concentration of EPA decreased by 13% and DHA by 62% (P < 0.001) between 6 and 8 h after the meal. During the 5-wk supplementation period, EPA showed a more rapid and comprehensive increase in serum phospholipids than did DHA. DHA was retroconverted to EPA, whereas EPA was elongated to docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). The postprandial triglyceridemia was suppressed by 19 and 49% after prolonged intake of EPA and DHA, respectively, indicating that prolonged intake of DHA is equivalent to or even more efficient than that of EPA in lowering postprandial triglyceridemia. This study indicates that there are metabolic differences between EPA and DHA which may have implications for the use of n-3 fatty acids in preventive and clinical medicine.
Study on the Process of Neutralizing and Degumming of Grape Seed Oil; A lot of by-products including grape seeds, grape pomace and wine lee, were produced during wine-making, but they are usually thrown away or used as fertilizers after fermentation. The improper disposal of winery wastes will cause waste of resources and pollute environment. Many researchers have found that there have rich fatty acid in grape seeds, including the first most abundant Linoleic acid accounted for about 78% of unsaturated fatty acid. Furthermore, there have plenty of vitamin containing vitamin A, E, D, K, P and mineral containing Ca, Fe, Zn, Mg, Cu, K, Na, Mn, Co, et al. These substances have multifunctions, such as antioxidation, preventing cardiovascular disease, scavenging free radical and hairdressing. the process of neutralizing and degumming of grape seed oil were systematic examined in this study. The results were found: The rate of extracting grape seed oil with general oil crusher was about 5.5%; The optimum process of neutralizing of grape seed oil was using 18% of NaOH and 0.3% of extra dose of NaOH at 45 degrees C of the beginning of neutralizing the oil; and the optimum process of degumming was added 4-flod of water for lecithoid concentration of the oil at 80 degrees C for 9h. Finally, the acid value and lecithoid content of the refining grape oil reached the secondary national standard of cooking oil.
Lifestyle and hypertension; Lifestyle factors are critical determinants of blood pressure levels operating against a background of genetic susceptibility. Excess body fat is a predominant cause of hypertension with additive effects of dietary salt, alcohol, and physical inactivity, Controlled trials in hypertensives show blood pressure lowering effects of supplemental potassium, fibre, n-3 fatty acids, and diets rich in fruit and vegetables and low in saturated fats.(64) Some population studies show an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure levels. Regular coffee drinking raises blood pressure in hypertensives. The role of "stress" remains enigmatic, with "job strain" being a possible independent risk fact-or for hypertension. Am I Hypertens 1999;12:934-945 (C) 1999 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Diet, Supplement Use, and Prostate Cancer Risk: Results From the Prostate Cancer Prevention Trial; The authors examined nutritional risk factors for prostate cancer among 9,559 participants in the Prostate Cancer Prevention Trial (United States and Canada, 1994-2003). The presence or absence of cancer was determined by prostate biopsy, which was recommended during the trial because of an elevated prostate-specific antigen level or an abnormal digital rectal examination and was offered to all men at the trial's end. Nutrient intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire and a structured supplement-use questionnaire. Cancer was detected in 1,703 men; 127 cancers were high-grade (Gleason score 8-10). There were no associations of any nutrient or supplement with prostate cancer risk overall. Risk of high-grade cancer was associated with high intake of polyunsaturated fats (quartile 4 vs. quartile 1: odds ratio = 2.41, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.33, 4.38). Dietary calcium was positively associated with low-grade cancer but inversely associated with high-grade cancer (for quartile 4 vs. quartile 1, odds ratios were 1.27 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.57) and 0.43 (95% CI: 0.21, 0.89), respectively). Neither dietary nor supplemental intakes of nutrients often suggested for prostate cancer prevention, including lycopene, long-chain n-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, vitamin E, and selenium, were significantly associated with cancer risk. High intake of n-6 fatty acids, through their effects on inflammation and oxidative stress, may increase prostate cancer risk.
FADS1 gene polymorphism(s) and fatty acid composition of serum lipids in adolescents; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) influence many physiological functions. Associations have been found between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in the FADS1 (Fatty acid desaturase 1) gene and the relative abundance of PUFA in serum lipids. This study examines the relationship between two SNPs in the FADS1 gene (rs174546, rs174537) and the fatty acid (FA) composition of serum lipids in adolescents (13-18 years). We used DNA samples (670 children; 336 girls and 334 boys) from the Childhood Obesity Prevalence and Treatment (COPAT) project. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood leukocytes in whole blood samples. For genotype analysis, TaqMan SNP Genotyping assays (Applied Biosystems) were used. Fatty acid composition of serum lipids was assessed using gas chromatography. The T-statistic and regression were used for statistical evaluations. Minor allele T carriers in both SNPs had significant lower level of palmitic acid (16:0, phospholipids) and arachidonic acid (20:4[n-6], phospholipids) in both sexes. In girls, we found a significant positive association between minor allele T carriers and eicosadienoic acid (20:2[n-6], cholesteryl esters) in both SNPs. Being a minor allele T carrier was significantly positively associated with dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (20:3[n-6], phospholipids) in boys in both SNPs. SNPs (including rs174546, rs174537) in the FADS gene cluster should have impacted desaturase activity, which may contribute to different efficiency of PUFA synthesis.
α-Synuclein and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Promote Clathrin-Mediated Endocytosis and Synaptic Vesicle Recycling; alpha-Synuclein (alpha S) is an abundant neuronal cytoplasmic protein implicated in Parkinson's disease (PD), but its physiological function remains unknown. Consistent with its having structural motifs shared with class A1 apolipoproteins, alpha S can reversibly associate with membranes and help regulate membrane fatty acid composition. We previously observed that variations in alpha S expression level in dopaminergic cultured cells or brains are associated with changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and altered membrane fluidity. We now report that alpha S acts with PUFAs to enhance the internalization of the membrane-binding dye, FM 1-43. Specifically, alpha S expression coupled with exposure to physiological levels of certain PUFAs enhanced clathrin-mediated endocytosis in neuronal and non-neuronal cultured cells. Moreover, alpha S expression and PUFA-enhanced basal and -evoked synaptic vesicle (SV) endocytosis in primary hippocampal cultures of wild type (wt) and genetically depleted alpha S mouse brains. We suggest that alpha S and PUFAs normally function in endocytic mechanisms and are specifically involved in SV recycling upon neuronal stimulation.
Promoting the proliferation of osteoarthritis chondrocytes by resolvin D1 regulating the NLRP3/caspase-1 signaling pathway; Osteoarthritis (OA) is a degenerative joint disease commonly found in middle-aged and older people. Chondrocytes are the only cells in joint cartilage that are difficult to heal after pyroptosis, and they will aggravate the wear and tear of joint cartilage and affect the progression of OA. Pyroptosis is a novel form of programmed cell death, and the classical pyroptosis pathway is a programmed cell death pattern mediated by inflammatory cysteine protease-1. Activation of NLRP3 leads to activation and cleavage of caspase-1 precursors, which in turn leads to activation and cleavage of GSDMD proteins and the release of proinflammatory factors. Resolvin D1 (RvD1) is a specialized pro-resolving mediator (SPM) derived from omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids that reduces inflammation and catabolic responses in OA chondrocytes. However, it is unclear whether RvD1 promotes OA chondrocyte proliferation and thus joint cartilage repair. Our results show that RvD1 regulates the NLRP3/ caspase-1 signaling pathway by inhibiting the expression of caspase-1, promoting the proliferation of OA chondrocytes, promoting the repair of articular cartilage in rats and delaying the progression of osteoarthritis.
Flesh quality of market-size farmed and wild British Columbia salmon; This study compared the flesh quality of farmed and wild sources of British Columbia (BC) salmon with respect to concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyl compounds, polychlorinated dibenzodioxins/dibenzofurans and their associated toxic equivalents, total mercury (THg), methylmercury (MeHg), and selected fatty acids of known importance for human health viz., omega-3 (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 HUFAs) and (n-6) fatty acids. Skinned fillets from known sources of farmed Atlantic, coho, and chinook salmon (n = 110) and wild coho, chinook, chum, sockeye, and pink salmon (n = 91) were examined. Atlantic salmon contained higher PCB concentrations (means, 28-38 ng/g) than farmed coho or chinook salmon, and levels in these latter species were similar to those in wild counterparts (means, 2.8-13.7 ng/g). PCB levels in Atlantic salmon flesh were, nevertheless, 53-71-fold less than the level of concern for human consumption of fish, i.e., 2000 ng/g as established by Health Canada and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (US-FDA). Similarly, THg and MeHg levels in all samples were well below the Health Canada guideline (0.5 mu g/g) and the US-FDA action level (1.0 mu g/g). On average, THg in farmed salmon (0.021 mu g/g) was similar to or lower than wild salmon (0.013-0.077 mu g/g). Atlantic salmon were a richer source (mean, 2.34 g/100 g fillet) of n-3 HUFAs than the other farmed and wild sources of salmon examined (means, 0.39-1.17 g/100 g). The present findings support the recommended weekly consumption guidelines for oily fish species (includes all BC salmon sources) for cardio-protective benefits as made by the American Heart Association and the UK Food Standards Agency.
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID REQUIREMENT OF JUVENILE RED DRUM (SCIAENOPS-OCELLATUS); Feeding experiments and laboratory analyses were conducted to establish the essential fatty acid (EFA) requirement of red drum (Sciaenops ocellatus). Juvenile red drum were maintained in aquaria containing brackish water (5 +/- 2 parts per thousand total dissolved solids) for two 6-week experiments. Semipurified diets contained a total of 7% lipid consisting of different combinations of tristearin [predominantly 18:0] and the following fatty acid ethyl esters: oleate, linoleate, linolenate, and a mixture of highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) containing approximately 60% eicosapentaenoate plus docosahexaenoate. EFA-deficient diets (containing only tristearin or oleate) rapidly reduced fish growth and feed efficiency, and increased mortality. Fin erosion and a ''shock syndrome'' also occurred in association with EFA deficiency. Of the diets containing fatty acid ethyl esters, those with 0.5-1% (n-3) HUFA (0.3-0.6% eicosapentaenoate plus docosahexaenoate) promoted the best growth, survival, and feed efficiency; however, the control diet containing 7% menhaden fish oil provided the best performance. Excess (n-3) HUFA suppressed fish weight gain; suppression became evident at 1.5% (n-3) HUFA, and was pronounced at 2.5%. Fatty acid compositions of whole-body, muscle and liver tissues from red drum fed the various diets generally reflected dietary fatty acids, but modifications of these patterns also were evident. Levels of saturated fatty acids appeared to be regulated independent of diet. In fish fed EFA-deficient diets (containing only tristearin or oleate), monoenes increased and (n-3) HUFA were preferentially conserved in polar lipid fractions. Eicosatrienoic acid [20:3(n-9)] was not elevated in EFA-deficient red drum, apparently due to their limited ability to transform fatty acids. Red drum exhibited some limited ability to elongate and desaturate linoleic acid [18:2(n-6)] and linolenic acid [18:3(n-3)]; however, metabolism of 18:3(n-3) did not generally result in increased tissue levels of (n-3) HUFA. Based on these responses, the red drum required approximately 0.5% (n-3) HUFA in the diet (approximately 7% of dietary lipid) for proper growth and health.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces apoptosis in primary chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells; Chronic lymphocytic leukemia is an indolent disorder with an increased infectious risk remaining one of the main causes of death. Development of therapies with higher safety profile is thus a challenging issue. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6) is an omega-3 fatty acid, a natural compound of normal cells, and has been shown to display antitumor potency in cancer. We evaluated the potential in vitro effect of DHA in primary CLL cells. DHA induces high level of in vitro apoptosis compared to oleic acid in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner. Estimation of IC-, was only of 4.813 mu M, which appears lower than those reported in solid cancers. DHA is highly active on CLL cells in vitro. This observation provides a rationale for further studies aiming to understand its mechanisms of action and its potent in vivo activity.
NT<sub>2</sub> neurons, a classical model for Alzheimer's disease, are highly susceptible to oxidative stress; We have tested undifferentiated NT2 cells as well as differentiated NT2 neurons (NT2N) for vulnerability to oxidative stress, lipid composition and antioxidant pattern. NT2N, but not NT2 cells, are highly susceptible to oxidative stress elicited by different classic pro-oxidant stimuli. In particular, NT2N cells undergo a high level of oxidative decomposition of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of membrane phospholipids, as evaluated by monitoring generation of thiobarbituric reactive substances, 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) and chromolipid fluorescent adducts. NT2N cells exhibit low levels of natural antioxidants such as glutathione (GSH) and alpha-tocopherol and of antioxidant enzymatic activities such as Se-dependent GSH peroxidase and catalase. Accordingly, a direct correlation between lipid peroxidation and irreversible cell damage is suggested by prevention of NT2N cell death by alpha-tocopherol. NeuroReport 11:1865-1869 (C) 2000 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effects of different ascorbic acid doses on the mortality of critically ill patients: a meta-analysis; BackgroundLow levels of ascorbic acid (AA) have been detected in critically ill patients in which AA supplementation leads to promising outcomes. However, the ability of AA to reduce mortality in critically ill patients remains controversial. In this study, we have performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the effects of AA dose on the mortality of critically ill adults.MethodsElectronic databases were searched for trials in which AA had been intravenously administered to critically ill patients regardless of the dose or the co-administration of antioxidant agents. The predefined primary outcome included all-cause mortality at final follow-up.ResultsThe included trials enrolled a total of 1210 patients. Intravenous (IV) AA doses of 3-10g/d reduced the mortality of critically ill patients (OR 0.25; 95% CI (0.14-0.46); p<0.001; I-2=0.0%), while low (<3g/d) and high AA doses (10g/d) had no effect (OR 1.44; 95% CI (0.79-2.61); p=0.234; I-2=0.0% versus OR 1.12; 95% CI (0.62-2.03); p=0.700; I-2=0.0%). AA was associated with a decreased duration of vasopressor support and mechanical ventilation, but did not influence fluid requirement or urine output during the first 24h of admission. The number of patients suffering from acute kidney injury and the length of intensive care unit or hospital stays were also unaffected by the AA.ConclusionIntravenous AA reduces the duration of vasopressor support and mechanical ventilation; 3-10g AA results in lower overall mortality rates. Given the limitations of the primary literature, further studies are required to fully clarify the effectiveness of AA during the management of critically ill patients.
Drug Therapy for Hypertriglyceridemia and Familial Chylomicronemia Syndrome: Focus on Volnesorsen; Volanesorsen is a new medication that may soon be used in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS). Volanesorsen works via binding to Apo C-III mRNA and degrading that mRNA, thus decreasing the synthesis of Apo C-III. This decreased synthesis of Apo C-III will increase the binding of triglycerides to LDL receptors and decrease triglyceride plasma levels. It is important to note that currently there are 3 other medication classes available for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, including niacin, fish oil/omega-3-fatty acids, and fibrates. However, there are no Food and Drug Administration-approved medications to treat FCS. Recently, volanesorsen was approved in the European Union for the treatment of FCS, but that indication was denied in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration. This was due to the side effects of the drug. Volanesorsen may cause a decrease in platelet count, renal toxicity, and elevate liver enzymes. The current drug regimen for volanesorsen consists of 285 mg once a week by subcutaneous injection, with a recommendation to immediately stop the medication if any of these side effects are noted, to prevent long-term complications. With these side effects reported, fish oil/omega-3-fatty acids seem likely the best choice when it comes to treating hypertriglyceridemia. If FCS is debilitating or greatly affecting the patient's life, then one could recommend volanesorsen. Otherwise, at this time, the side effects of volanesorsen may be too severe to justify its use for mild episodes of FCS or hypertriglyceridemia.
Cardiovasoprotective foods and nutrients: possible importance of magnesium intake; Various highly efficient cardiovasoprotective diets associate reduced intake of total and saturated fats, reasonable supply of monounsaturated fat and omega-3 fatty acids, moderate consumption of alcohol, increased intake of cereals, fruits, vegetables, fish and low fat daily products.
EPA and DHA Omega 3s as a potential adjunct to chemotherapy in the treatment of cancer; There is increasing evidence that the addition of the omega-3 fatty acids Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in conjunction with conventional cytotoxic therapies for cancer may provide health benefits. Animal models have shown that high dose EPA and DHA improves the efficacy of chemotherapy while reducing the side effects. Designing and operating human trials provides challenges. However several smaller trials have shown promise, particularly in breast, lung, gastrointestinal and treatment resistant cancers. DHA specifically appears to be cytotoxic to some types of cancer cells. While the underlying mechanisms have yet to be fully elucidated, it appears probable that DHA promotes programmed cell death (apoptosis) while simultaneously protecting healthy cells. Additionally, evidence suggests that EPA and DHA can reduce the damaging effects of cachexia experienced by cancer patients in the latter stages of the disease.
Icosapent ethyl modulates circulating vascular regenerative cell content: The IPE-PREVENTION CardioLink-14 trial; Background: REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial) showed that icosapent ethyl (IPE) reduced major adverse cardiovascular events by 25%. Since the underlying mechanisms for these benefits are not fully understood, the IPE-PREVENTION CardioLink-14 trial (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04562467) sought to determine if IPE regulates vascular regenerative (VR) cell content in people with mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia. Methods: Seventy statin-treated individuals with triglycerides >= 1.50 and <5.6 mmol/L and either atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease or type 2 diabetes with additional cardiovascular risk factors were randomized to IPE (4 g/day) or usual care. VR cells with high aldehyde dehydrogenase activity (ALDH(hi)) were isolated from blood collected at the baseline and 3-month visits and characterized with lineage-specific cell surface markers. The primary endpoint was the change in frequency of pro-vascular ALDH(hi)side scatter (SSC)(low)CD133(+) progenitor cells. Change in frequencies of ALDH(hi)SSC(mid) monocyte and ALDH(hi)SSC(hi) granulocyte precursor subsets, reactive oxygen species production, serum biomarkers, and omega-3 levels were also evaluated. Findings: Baseline characteristics, cardiovascular risk factors, and medications were balanced between the groups. Compared to usual care, IPE increased the mean frequency of ALDH(hi)SSC(low)CD133(+) cells (-1.00% +/- 2.45% vs. +7.79% +/- 1.70%; p = 0.02), despite decreasing overall ALDH(hi)SSC(low) cell frequency. IPE assignment also reduced oxidative stress in ALDH(hi)SSC(low) progenitors and increased ALDH(hi)SSC(hi) granulocyte precursor cell content. Conclusions: IPE-PREVENTION CardioLink-14 provides the first translational evidence that IPE can modulate VR cell content and suggests a novel mechanism that may underlie the cardioprotective effects observed with IPE in REDUCE-IT.
Prostanoids in health and disease; The prostanoids are a family of lipid mediators generated by the action of cyclooxygenase on a 20-carbon unsaturated fatty acid, arachidonic acid. Prostanoids are generated widely in response to diverse stimuli and, acting in a paracrine or autocrine manner, play important roles in normal physiology and disease. This review summarizes the current knowledge on prostanoid generation and the roles of individual mediators, their biosynthetic pathways, and their receptors in health and disease.-Smyth, E. M., T. Grosser, M. Wang, Y. Yu, and G. A. FitzGerald. Prostanoids in health and disease. J. Lipid Res. 2009. S423-S428.
Two Toxic Lipid Aldehydes, 4-hydroxy-2-hexenal (4-HHE) and 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (4-HNE), Accumulate in Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease; Lipid aldehydes originating from the peroxidation of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids are increased in hemodialysis (HD) patients, a process already known to promote oxidative stress. However, data are lacking for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) before the initiation of HD. We prospectively evaluated the changes of plasma concentrations of two major lipid aldehydes, 4-HHE and 4-HNE, according to the decrease of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in 40 CKD and 13 non-CKD participants. GFR was measured by inulin or iohexol clearance. Thus, 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (4-HNE) and 4-hydroxy-2-hexenal (4-HHE) were quantitated in plasma by gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry and their covalent adducts on proteins were quantified by immunoblotting. On the one hand, 4-HHE plasma concentration increased from CKD stage I-II to CKD stage IV-V compared to non-CKD patients (4.5-fold higher in CKD IV-V,p< 0.005). On the other hand, 4-HNE concentration only increased in CKD stage IV-V patients (6.2-fold,p< 0.005). The amount of covalent adducts of 4-HHE on plasma protein was 9.5-fold higher in CKD patients than in controls (p< 0.005), while no difference was observed for 4-HNE protein adducts. Plasma concentrations of 4-HNE and 4-HHE are increased in CKD IV-V patients before the initiation of hemodialysis.
Pea (<i>Pisum sativum</i>) and faba bean (<i>Vicia faba</i> <i>L</i>.) seeds as protein sources in growing-finishing heavy pig diets: effect on growth performance, carcass characteristics and on fresh and seasoned Parma ham quality; The effect of pea and faba bean inclusion in growing-finishing heavy pig diets was evaluated. The following iso-lysinic and iso-energetic diets offered to the pigs in three phases (40-80; 80-120; 120-160 kg) were compared: CTR, control diet with soybean meal (SBM) as protein source; RP, CTR diet where pea replaced SBM; RF, CTR diet where faba bean replaced SBM. 126 animals were randomly distributed in 3 homogeneous groups with 42 animals each (7 pens with 6 animals each per treatment). The RP and RF diets did not negatively affect the carcass characteristics both of the pigs slaughtered at the conventional weight (127.5 kg) and heavy pigs (158.5 kg). The pigs fed the RP and RF diets ate similarly to the pigs fed the CTR overall the trial but RF pigs grew better than CTR animals. The subcutaneous fat of the fresh hams destined for Parma ham production and obtained from pigs fed RP diet had a higher omega 3 fatty acid percentage. Moreover, the RP and RF diets resulted in fat with better omega 3/omega 6 ratio compared with CTR. All the fat samples had iodine numbers within the limit value (70) reported by the Production Disciplinary of Parma ham. No treatment effect was found on the analytical and sensorial characteristics of the Parma hams, except for the aged taste which was more intense in the hams obtained from pigs fed the RF diet. These results indicate that pea and faba bean may be used as an alternative to imported SBM.
Interaction of SNP in the CRP gene and plasma fatty acid profile in inflammatory pattern: A cross-sectional population-based study; Objective: To assess the interaction of three single nucleotide polymorphisms in the C-reactive protein (CRP) gene and plasma fatty acid (FA) levels in modulating inflammatory profile.
Randomized trial of immune-enhancing enteral nutrition in burn patients; Background: ''Immune-enhancing'' diets (IEDs) are aimed at improving outcomes in patients suffering trauma and infection, This study was conducted to evaluate a popular IED in patients suffering burn injury,
Association Between Fatty Acids of Blood Cell Membranes and Incidence of Coronary Heart Disease A Case-Control Study Nested in the PREDIMED Trial; Objective- To examine the associations between baseline levels of fatty acids in blood cell membranes and their 1-year changes with the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) in older adults at high cardiovascular disease risk. Approach and Results- This is a case-control study nested in the PREDIMED trial (Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea), with 136 CHD cases and 272 controls (matched on age, sex, body mass index, intervention group, and time of permanence in the study to the time event). We used gas chromatography to measure the proportion of 22 fatty acids in blood cell membranes at baseline and after 1 year. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs. After adjustment for classical CHD risk factors and multiple testing, 1 SD increase in baseline levels of C22:0, C24:0 and the sum of individual very long chain saturated fatty acids was associated with 56% (OR, 0.44 [95% CI, 0.28-0.69]), 59% (OR, 0.41 [95% CI, 0.25-0.65]), and 55% (OR, 0.45 [95% CI, 0.29-0.70]) a decreased odds of developing CHD, respectively. Baseline C20:1n9 was associated with higher odds of CHD (OR, 1.58 [95% CI, 1.25-2.00]). Conclusions- Higher levels of C22:0 and C24:0 were associated with a lower CHD incidence, whereas higher levels of C20:1n9 were associated with a higher risk. This study adds to the growing body of evidence suggesting potential differences in the cardiovascular disease effects of different types of circulating saturated fatty acids.
Influence of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) or tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA) on growth, lipid composition, fatty acid metabolism and lipid gene expression of rainbow trout (<i>Oncorhynchus mykiss</i> L.); Our objective was to test the hypotheses that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and/or tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA) would have beneficial effects on the nutritional quality of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) through decreased lipid content of flesh or viscera, and increased levels of beneficial fatty acids including accumulation of CLA or TTA themselves. The specific aims of this study were to determine the effects of CLA and TTA on growth performance, lipid and fatty acid metabolism, and selected gene expression in commercial sized trout grown in seawater. Trout were fed for eight weeks on fish meal and fish oil diets containing either 0.5% or 1% CLA, or 0.5% TTA. The effects of the supplemented fatty acids on growth, feed efficiency, lipid contents, class compositions and fatty acid compositions of flesh and liver were determined, along with liver highly unsaturated fatty acid synthesis, activities of key enzymes of fatty acid oxidation in liver and muscle, and expression of carnitine palmitoyl transfemse-I (CPT-I) and fatty acyl desaturase and elongase genes. Neither functional fatty acid had any effect on growth parameters, condition factor, viscero- and hepato-somatic indices or fillet colour, and there were no mortalities in any of the treatments. Dietary CLA, but not TTA, decreased the lipid content of liver, but neither fatty acid had any significant effect on lipid class compositions of liver and flesh. Both CLA and TTA were incorporated into tissue lipids, with higher percentages found in flesh compared to liver. In addition, production of hexaene fatty acid by liver microsomes was increased by dietary CLA or TTA, and both functional fatty acids increased the proportion of n - 3 fatty acids in liver mainly due to increased 20:5n - 3 and 22:6n - 3. However, the expression of fatty acyl Delta 6 desaturase was significantly lower in fish fed CLA or TTA, whereas the expression of PUFA elongase was increased, significantly so in fish fed 1% CLA. CPT-I activity was increased by TTA in liver and red muscle, and acyl CoA oxidase activity was increased by TTA in liver and CLA at the higher dietary inclusion level in red muscle. CPT-I expression in white muscle was significantly increased in fish fed both CLA and TTA. The results showed that both CLA and TTA had effects on lipid metabolism that partly support the hypotheses tested. Although CLA or TTA did not enhance growth parameters, feed conversion or potential yield, nutritional quality could be enhanced, and sea-run trout fed CLA or TTA could be beneficial in the human diet through provision of bioactive fatty acids, with no detrimental effects on 20:5n - 3 or 22:6n - 3 levels. (c) 2007 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Association of selenium and copper with lipids in umbilical cord blood; Altered levels of selenium and copper have been linked with altered cardiovascular disease risk factors including changes in blood triglyceride and cholesterol levels. However, it is unclear whether this can be observed prenatally. This cross-sectional study includes 274 singleton births from 2004 to 2005 in Baltimore, Maryland. We measured umbilical cord serum selenium and copper using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. We evaluated exposure levels vis-a-vis umbilical cord serum triglyceride and total cholesterol concentrations in multivariable regression models adjusted for gestational age, birth weight, maternal age, race, parity, smoking, prepregnancy body mass index, n-3 fatty acids and methyl mercury. The percent difference in triglycerides comparing those in the highest v. lowest quartile of selenium was 22.3% (95% confidence interval (CI): 7.1, 39.7). For copper this was 43.8% (95% CI: 25.9, 64.3). In multivariable models including both copper and selenium as covariates, copper, but not selenium, maintained a statistically significant association with increased triglycerides (percent difference: 40.7%, 95% CI: 22.1, 62.1). There was limited evidence of a relationship of increasing selenium with increasing total cholesterol. Our findings provide evidence that higher serum copper levels are associated with higher serum triglycerides in newborns, but should be confirmed in larger studies.
Palmitate exacerbates bisphenol A toxicity via induction of ER stress and mitochondrial dysfunction; Combined exposure to dietary nutrients and environmental chemicals may elicit significantly different physiological effects than single exposures. Exposure to dietary saturated fats and environmental toxins is a physiologically-significant dual exposure that is particularly associated with lower socioeconomic status, potentially placing these individuals at heightened risk of xenobiotic toxicities. However, no prior studies have examined interactions between specific lipids and environmental xenobiotics in modulating cellular health. Using primary mouse embryonic fibroblasts, we have discovered that prior exposure to the saturated fatty acid, palmitate, exacerbates cellular toxicity associated with the industrial plasticizer, bisphenol A (BPA). Cell death upon BPA exposure following palmitate pre-treatment was greater than that occurring with either exposure alone. Mechanistically, cell death was preceded by increased endoplasmic reticulum stress and loss of mitochondrial membrane potential in palmitate plus BPA exposed cells, leading to increased caspase-3 cleavage and subsequent apoptosis. Interestingly, inclusion of the unsaturated fatty acid, oleate, along with palmitate during the pretreatment period completely abrogated the ER stress, mitochondrial toxicity, and cell death induced by subsequent exposure to BPA. Thus, our data identify for the first time an important interaction between a fatty acid and an environmental toxin and have implications for developing nutritional interventions to mitigate the deleterious effects of such xenobiotic exposures.
The vascular response to vasodilators is related to the membrane content of polyunsaturated fatty acids in hypertensive patients; Objective: Abnormal vascular reactivity contributes to the pathophysiology of hypertension and hypertension-related organ damage. As the dietary content of fatty acids may affect the vascular responses, we investigated the relationship of endothelium-independent and endothelium-dependent vasodilation with the fatty acid composition of red blood cell (RBC) membranes in hypertension.
A Protective Role for Triacylglycerols during Apoptosis; Triacylglycerols (TAGs) are one of the major constituents of the glycerolipid family. Their main role in cells is to store excess fatty acids, and they are mostly found within lipid droplets. TAGs contain acyl chains that vary in length and degree of unsaturation, resulting in hundreds of chemically distinct species. We have previously reported that TAGs containing polyunsaturated fatty acyl chains (PUFA-TAGs) accumulate via activation of diacylglycerol acyltransferases during apoptosis. In this work, we show that accumulation of PUFA-TAGs is a general phenomenon during this process. We further show that the accumulated PUFA-TAGs are stored in lipid droplets. Because membrane-residing PUFA phospholipids can undergo oxidation and form reactive species under increased levels of oxidative stress, we hypothesized that incorporation of PUFAs into PUFA-TAGs and their localization within lipid droplets during apoptosis limit the toxicity during this process. Indeed, exogenous delivery of a polyunsaturated fatty acid resulted in a profound accumulation of PUFA phospholipids and rendered cells more sensitive to oxidative stress, causing reduced viability. Overall, our results support the concept that activation of TAG biosynthesis protects cells from lipid peroxide-induced membrane damage under increased levels of oxidative stress during apoptosis. As such, targeting triacylglycerol biosynthesis in cancer cells might represent a new approach to promoting cell death during apoptosis.
Visual Analysis of International Oil Flax Research; Oil flax is one of five major oil crops. Linseed and linseed oil have important uses. Linseed is rich in flax gum, and it can be used as food additives, cosmetics raw powder, pharmaceutical raw materials. Linseed oil is a kind of high quality edible oil, rich in a-linolenic acid and various unsaturated fatty acids, and it plays an important role in the promotion of human intelligence, physical brain, preventing cardiovascular disease, and the suppression of disease genes. This paper selects the SCI database as the data source, and do visual analysis on the international literature related to oil flax. With the help of information visualization software CiteSpace, we can clearly display and analyze the annual published articles within and outside the country, main nations and institutions doing oil flax research, subject distribution and highly cited works. Through these analyses, we can clearly see the overall situation of oil flax.
A role for lipid rafts in the protection afforded by docosahexaenoic acid against ethanol toxicity in primary rat hepatocytes; Previously, we demonstrated that eicosapentaenoic acid enhanced ethanol-induced oxidative stress and cell death in primary rat hepatocytes via an increase in membrane fluidity and lipid raft clustering. In this context, another n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), was tested with a special emphasis on physical and chemical alteration of lipid rafts. Pretreatment of hepatocytes with DHA reduced significantly ethanol-induced oxidative stress and cell death. DHA protection could be related to an alteration of lipid rafts. Indeed, rafts exhibited a marked increase in membrane fluidity and packing defects leading to the exclusion of a raft protein marker, flotillin. Furthermore, DHA strongly inhibited disulfide bridge formation, even in control cells, thus suggesting a disruption of protein-protein interactions inside lipid rafts. This particular spatial organization of lipid rafts due to DHA subsequently prevented the ethanol-induced lipid raft clustering. Such a prevention was then responsible for the inhibition of phospholipase C-7 translocation into rafts, and consequently of both lysosome accumulation and elevation in cellular low-molecular-weight iron content, a prooxidant factor. In total, the present study suggests that DHA supplementation could represent a new preventive approach for patients with alcoholic liver disease based upon modulation of the membrane structures. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutraceutical therapies for atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting large and medium arteries and is considered to be a major underlying cause of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although the development of pharmacotherapies to treat CVD has contributed to a decline in cardiac mortality in the past few decades, CVD is estimated to be the cause of one-third of deaths globally. Nutraceuticals are natural nutritional compounds that are beneficial for the prevention or treatment of disease and, therefore, are a possible therapeutic avenue for the treatment of atherosclerosis. The purpose of this Review is to highlight potential nutraceuticals for use as antiatherogenic therapies with evidence from in vitro and in vivo studies. Furthermore, the current evidence from observational and randomized clinical studies into the role of nutraceuticals in preventing atherosclerosis in humans will also be discussed.
Concurrent nutrient deficiencies are associated with dementia incidence; INTRODUCTION: While observational research suggests a protective role for nutrition in brain aging, intervention studies remain inconclusive. This failing translation from observational to interventional research may result from overlooking nutrient interactions. METHODS: We developed a nutrient status index capturing the number of suboptimal statuses of omega-3 fatty acids, homocysteine, and vitamin D (range 0 to 3). We associated this index with dementia incidence in a subsample (age >= 50 years) of the Framingham Heart Study Offspring cohort. RESULTS: Among 968 participants, 79 developed dementia over 15.5 years (median follow-up). Each point increase in nutrient status index was associated with a 50% higher risk of dementia (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.16, 1.96). Participants with three high-risk statuses had a four-fold increased risk of dementia compared to participants without high-risk status (HR = 4.68; 95% CI = 1.69, 12.94). DISCUSSION: Concurrent nutrient deficiencies are associated with the risk of dementia. The potential of optimizing nutritional status to lower dementia risk warrants further study. Highlights Nutrition and dementia research calls for multiple-nutrient approaches. We studied combined suboptimal statuses of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, homocysteine, and vitamin D. Suboptimal status of the three nutrients was associated with dementia risk. The risk estimate was larger than for other factors (ie, diabetes, apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 carrier). Future studies should assess the effect of improving nutrient status on dementia risk.
Nanoemulsion formulation of a novel taxoid DHA-SBT-1214 inhibits prostate cancer stem cell-induced tumor growth; The main aim of this study was to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of an oil-in-water nanoemulsion formulation encapsulating DHA-SBT-1214, a novel omega-3 fatty acid conjugated taxoid prodrug, against prostate cancer stem cells. Nanoemulsions of DHA-SBT-1214 (NE-DHA-SBT-1214) were prepared and characterized. In vitro delivery efficiency and cytotoxicity of NE-DHA-SBT-1214 was compared with solution formulation in PPT2 cells. In vivo studies included analysis of comparative efficacy of NE-DHA-SBT-1214 with Abraxane (R) and placebo nanoemulsions as well as post-treatment alternations in clonogenic and sphere-forming capabilities of the tumor cells. Qualitative intracellular uptake studies of dye encapsulated NEs by confocal imaging showed uptake by both monolayer and spheroid cultured PPT2 cells. Treatment of PPT2 cells with NE DHA-SBT-1214 (1nM-1 mu M for monolayer culture of cells grown on collagen-coated dishes for 48 h) induced complete cell death, showing higher efficacy as compared to the drug solution. This nanoemulsion (10nM-10 mu M) also showed toxicity in 3D culture of floating spheroids. Weekly intravenous administration of the NE-DHA-SBT-1214 to NOD/SCID mice bearing subcutaneous PPT2 tumor xenografts led to dramatic suppression of tumor growth compared to Abraxane (R) and placebo nanoemulsion formulation. Viable cells that survived from this in vivo treatment regimen were no longer able to induce floating spheroids and holoclones, whereas control and Abraxane (R) treated tumor cells induced a large number of both. The results show that NE-DHA-SBT-1214 possesses significant activity against prostate CD133(high)/CD44+/(high) tumor-initiating cells both in vitro and in vivo. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Retinal de novo lipogenesis coordinates neurotrophic signaling to maintain vision; Membrane lipid composition is central to the highly specialized functions of neurological tissues. In the retina, abnormal lipid metabolism causes severe forms of blindness, often through poorly understood neuronal cell death. Here, we demonstrate that deleting the de novo lipogenic enzyme fatty acid synthase (FAS) from the neural retina, but not the vascular retina, results in progressive neurodegeneration and blindness with a temporal pattern resembling rodent models of retinitis pigmentosa. Blindness was not rescued by protection from light-evoked activity; by eating a diet enriched in palmitate, the product of the FAS reaction; or by treatment with the PPARa agonist fenofibrate. Vision loss was due to aberrant synaptic structure, blunted responsiveness to glialderived neurotrophic factor and ciliary neurotrophic factor, and eventual apoptotic cell loss. This progressive neurodegeneration was associated with decreased membrane cholesterol content, as well as loss of discrete n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid- and saturated fatty acid-containing phospholipid species within specialized membrane microdomains. Neurotrophic signaling was restored by exogenous cholesterol delivery. These findings implicate de novo lipogenesis in neurotrophin-dependent cell survival by maintaining retinal membrane configuration and lipid composition, and they suggest that ongoing lipogenesis may be required to prevent cell death in many forms of retinopathy.
Use of formulated diets as replacements for <i>Artemia</i> in the rearing of juvenile American lobsters (<i>Homarus americanus</i>); American lobsters, Homarus americanus, have been successfully reared in hatchery operations for over a century, yet formulated diets have never been commercially produced. In recent years, commercial Artemia replacement (CAR) diets have been developed and marketed for use in aquaculture production of marine shrimp. Three separate experiments assessed the utility of rearing American lobsters on these shrimp CAR diets. First, survival and growth of stage IV American lobsters fed one of three CAR diets (Artemac 5, CAR1; Economac 4. CAR2; and Progression 3, CAR3) were compared to those of animals fed frozen adult n-3 fatty acid enriched Artemia. Survival to 3 months was highest for animals fed CAR3 (85%), while animals fed Artemia had the greatest weight gain (> 6% day(-1)). A cost/benefit ratio analysis showed that CAR2 was the most cost efficient for juvenile production because of its low overall purchase cost. Second, stage TV lobsters were fed either CAR2 or frozen adult n-3 fatty acid enriched Artemia exclusively, or in combination (2:5, and 5:2). Again, CAR2 was a cost effective feed to use, even as a partial replacement for Artemia. Survival was higher in diets that included CAR2, and feeding it two days per week compensated for low quality Artemia. Finally, 1.5 year old lobsters fed a gelatin-bound mix of 80% CAR2 and 20% frozen Artemia for five months survived and grew equally well compared to lobsters. fed gelatin-bound frozen adult Artemia, and better than a custom formulated maintenance diet. The benefits of incorporating formulated feeds into American lobster rearing programs to increase the effectiveness of enhancement programs is discussed. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V.. All rights reserved.
Myocardial function, ischaemia and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a membrane basis; Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are selectively incorporated into cardiac cell membranes from the diet in a dose-related manner. Regular intake can slow the heart rate, reduce myocardial oxygen consumption, and increase coronary reserve. These properties contribute to preconditioning-like effects of resistance to myocardial ischaemic damage and improved post-ischaernic recovery. These effects can be demonstrated in isolated hearts independently of the effects of n-3 PUFAs on neural or blood parameters. The enrichment of myocardial membranes with n-3 PUFA also reduces vulnerability to cardiac arrhythmias, particularly ventricular fibrillation during myocardial ischaemia and reperfusion, and attenuates heart failure and cardiac hypertrophy. n-3 PUFA concentrations can increase from 7% to 15% in the myocardial membranes of rats (mainly in the form of docosahexaenoic acid [22:6 n-3]) with dietary intakes of only 0.3% fish oil, equivalent to two meals of salmon per week in the human diet. Dietary fish oil produces changes in cardiac function that might contribute to cardiovascular health benefits in humans and does so by modifying cardiac membranes within a dose range achievable in the human diet.
Evaluation of Established Coronary Heart Disease on the Basis of HDL and Non-HDL NMR Lipid Profiling; A H-1 NMR-based lipid profiling approach was used to investigate the prediction of coronary heart disease (CHD) and examine the confounding effect of factors such as gender, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol and age levels on the prediction of disease. The HDL and non-HDL lipid profiles in 47 patients with triple vessel disease (TVD) and 41 patients with normal coronary arteries (NCA) both documented angiographically were generated. The presence of CHID was predicted with a sensitivity and specificity of 52% and 75% for HDL model and 78% and 80% for non-HDL, respectively. The lipid constituents of HDL lipoproteins which contributed to the separation between the two groups were the saturated fatty acids, cholesterol, total omega-3 fatty acids, degree of unsaturation, diallylic protons from polyunsaturated fatty acids, linoleic acid and, to a lesser extent, the number of fatty acids, triglycerides, unsaturated fatty acids and phosphatidylcholine. Respectively, for non-HDL, lipoproteins were the saturated fatty acids, number of fatty acids, cholesterol, unsaturated fatty acids and phosphatidylcholine. Gender, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol and age influenced the lipid constituents of HDL and non-HDL lipoproteins that contributed to the separation between subgroups and confounded the predictive power of the models. NMR-based lipid profiling analysis could contribute to the identification of noninvasive markers for the presence and the development of the disease.
Nutritional Interventions in Clinical Depression; Depression is one of the leading causes of mental disability worldwide and a significant public health problem in the United States. Individuals with depression have lower quality of life, diminished role functioning, increased comorbidity, and increased mortality. Although psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy are well-validated treatment options for clinical depression, nutritional supplements may be another means of alleviating depressive symptoms while limiting adverse effects. Nutritional supplements can be utilized in tandem with preexisting therapeutic regimens, or as stand-alone therapies. Omega-3 fatty acids, B-vitamins (folate, vitamin B12, and vitamin B6), S-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP), and magnesium have been of interest in the treatment of depression for several decades. This article reviews the literature investigating these nutritional interventions for the treatment of clinical depression, with a particular focus on pathophysiology, epidemiology, and clinical research.
Ceramide is a mediator of apoptosis in retina photoreceptors; PURPOSE. The precise mechanisms involved in photoreceptor apoptosis are still unclear. in the present study, the role of ceramide, a sphingolipid precursor that induces apoptosis on cellular stress, was investigated in relation to the activation of cell death in photoreceptors.
Vegan nutrition: a preliminary guide for health professionals; Since the beginning of the 21st century, interest in vegan diets has been rapidly increasing in most countries. Misconceptions about vegan diets are widespread among the general population and health professionals. Vegan diets can be health-promoting and may offer certain important advantages compared to typical Western (and other mainstream) eating patterns. However, adequate dietary sources/supplements of nutrients of focus specific to vegan diets should be identified and communicated. Without supplements/fortified foods, severe vitamin B12 deficiency may occur. Other potential nutrients of focus are calcium, vitamin D, iodine, omega-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, selenium, vitamin A, and protein. Ensuring adequate nutrient status is particularly important during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, and childhood. Health professionals are often expected to be able to provide advice on the topic of vegan nutrition, but a precise and practical vegan nutrition guide for health professionals is lacking. Consequently, it is important and urgent to provide such a set of dietary recommendations. It is the aim of this article to provide vegan nutrition guidelines, based on current evidence, which can easily be communicated to vegan patients/clients, with the goal of ensuring adequate nutrient status in vegans.
The relationship between a fish-rich diet and poststroke cognitive impairment A cross-sectional study with a follow-up in China; Whether a fish-rich diet is positively associated with cognitive function after stroke remains unclear; thus, the present study investigated the relationship between them.
Refractory severe hypertriglyceridemia treated with apheresis. Report of one case; Severe Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is associated with complications such as acute pancreatitis (AP) with high morbidity and mortality rates. We report a 42 years-old man with refractory HTG diagnosed at 19 years of age, and multiple episodes of AP, admitted with the suspicion of a new AP episode. Serum triglycerides were over 2000 mg/dl. His body mass index was 18 kg/m 2 , there was no evidence ofxanthomas or xanthelasmas, but lipemia retinalis was found. Management included heparin and insulin, added to his usual treatment with fibrates, statins, omega-3 fatty acids, and orlistat. Due to lack of response, apheresis was started. After five sessions, triglycerides decreased to 588 mg/dl (82% reduction) and levels remained below 1000 mg/dl with daily apheresis. The patient continued with weekly sessions as outpatient with a sustained good response.
Bioprospecting for Antithrombotic Polar Lipids from Salmon, Herring, and Boarfish By-Products; Marine polar lipids (PLs) have exhibited promising cardioprotection. In this study, marine by-products such as salmon heads (SHs), their brain, eyes and main optic nerves (SBEON), and head-remnants after SBEON removal (RemSH), as well as herring fillets (HFs), herring heads (HHs) and minced boarfish (MB), were evaluated as potential sustainable sources of such bioactive PLs. The antithrombotic bioactivities of PLs derived from these marine by-products were assessed for the first time in human platelets against platelet-activating factor (PAF), thrombin, collagen, and adenosine diphosphate (ADP), while their fatty acid composition was evaluated by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). PLs from all marine by-products tested possess strong antithrombotic activities against aggregation of human platelets induced by all platelet agonists tested. RemSH, SBEON, HHs, HFs, and MB exhibited strong anti-PAF effects, similar to those previously reported for salmon fillets. PLs from MB had the strongest anti-collagen effects and PLs from SHs and SBEON were the most active against thrombin and ADP. PLs from HHs had similar antithrombotic effects with those from HFs in all agonists. RemSH was less active in all agonists, suggesting that SBEON is the main source of bioactive PLs in SHs. All PLs were rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3PUFA), such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) acid, with favourable low values of the omega 6/omega 3 ratio. Salmon, herring, and boarfish by-products are rich sources of bioactive marine PLs with potent antithrombotic and cardioprotective properties.
The Role of Essential Fatty Acids in Human Health; Fatty acid research began about 90 years ago but intensified in recent years. Essential fatty acids (linoleic and alpha-linolenic) must come from diet. Other fatty acids may come from diet or may be synthesized. Fatty acids are major components of cell membrane structure, modulate gene transcription, function as cytokine precursors, and serve as energy sources in complex, interconnected systems. It is increasingly apparent that dietary fatty acids influence these vital functions and affect human health. While the strongest evidence for influence is found in cardiovascular disease and mental health, many additional conditions are affected. Problematic changes in the fatty acid composition of human diet have also taken place over the last century. This review summarizes current understanding of the pervasive roles of essential fatty acids and their metabolites in human health.
The effect of fish oil on hypertension, plasma lipids and hemostasis in hypertensive, obese, dyslipidemic patients with and without diabetes mellitus; We have recently reported that dietary fish oil supplementation (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) led to a reduction in blood pressure (BP) and serum triglycerides (TG), in addition to the normalization of the hypercoagulable state in subjects with obesity, hypertension and dyslipidemia without diabetes mellitus (OHD-DM). The aim of the present study was to explore the mechanism of this amelioration by comparing the previous results to those obtained from 19 subjects who, in addition to the conditions described above, also suffer from diabetes mellitus (OHD+DM) and proteinuria, In both the non-diabetic and diabetic groups, a similar reduction was observed in BP (from 158.7/80.8 to 146/72.9 mmHg, and from 157.6/83.2 to 141.9/75.6 mmHg, respectively, P<0.001) and TG levels (from 159.2 to 108.0 mg/dl and from 208.7 to 153.1 mg/dl, respectively, P<0.001). However, a favorable reduction in hemostasis parameters (platelet aggregation on extracellular matrix and (alpha(2)-antiplasmin) was only seen among the nondiabetic patients (from 12.1+/-4.9 to 4.2+/-3.2%, P<0.001). This difference may stem from a less efficient exchange between n-3 and n-6 PUFA in serum phospholipid of the OHD+DM patients. Overall, this 13-day fasting/refeeding method developed by us has proven to cause the rapid exchange of arachidonic acid for eicosapentaenoic acid. It appears to be an effective regimen for the reduction of cardiovascular risk factors (BP, TG and hemostatic variables) in OHD-DM patients and to a lesser extent in OHD+DM patients.
Genetics of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: From susceptibility and nutrient interactions to management; Genetics plays an important role in determining the susceptibility of an individual to develop a disease. Complex, multi factorial diseases of modern day (diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and obesity) are a result of disparity between the type of food consumed and genes, suggesting that food which does not match the host genes is probably one of the major reasons for developing life style diseases. Non-alcoholic fatty liver is becoming a global epidemic leading to substantial morbidity. While various genotyping approaches such as whole exome sequencing using next generation sequencers and genome wide association studies have identified susceptibility loci for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) including variants in patatin-like phospholipase domain containing 3 and transmembrane 6 superfamily member 2 genes apart from others; nutrient based studies emphasized on a combination of vitamin D, E and omega-3 fatty acids to manage fatty liver disease. However majority of the studies were conducted independent of each other and very few studies explored the interactions between the genetic susceptibility and nutrient interactions. Identifying such interactions will aid in optimizing the nutrition tailor made to an individual's genetic makeup, thereby aiding in delaying the onset of the disease and its progression. The present topic focuses on studies that identified the genetic susceptibility for NAFLD, nutritional recommendations, and their interactions for better management of NAFLD.
DOSE-RESPONSE OF FISH OIL VERSUS SAFFLOWER OIL ON GRAFT ARTERIOSCLEROSIS IN RABBIT HETEROTOPIC CARDIAC ALLOGRAFTS; With the advent of cyclosporin A, accelerated coronary arteriosclerosis has become the major impediment to the long-term survival of heart transplant recipients. Due to epidemiologic reports suggesting a salutary effect of fish oil, the dose response of fish oil on graft coronary arteriosclerosis in a rabbit heterotopic cardiac allograft model was assessed using safflower oil as a caloric control. Seven groups of New Zealand White rabbits (n = 10/group) received heterotopic heart transplants from Dutch-Belted donors and were immunosuppressed with low-dose cyclosporin A (7.5 mg/kg/day). Group 1 animals were fed a normal diet and served as control. Group 2, 3, and 4 animals received a daily supplement of low- (0.25 mL/kg/day), medium- (0.75 mL/kg/day), and high- (1.5 mL/kg/day) dose fish oil (1 16 mg n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid/mL), respectively. Group 5, 6, and 7 animals were supplemented with equivalent doses of safflower oil (ie., 0.25,0.75, and 1.5 mL/kg/day). Oil-supplemented rabbits were pretreated for 3 weeks before transplantation and maintained on the same diet for 6 weeks after operation. The extent of graft coronary arteriosclerosis was quantified using computer-assisted, morphometric planimetry. When the animals were killed, cyclosporin A was associated with elevated plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride levels in the control group. While safflower oil prevented the increase in plasma lipids at all dosages, fish oil ameliorated the cyclosporin-induced increase in total cholesterol only with high doses. Compared to control animals, there was a trend for more graft vessel disease with increasing fish oil dose, as assessed by mean luminal occlusion and intimal thickness. A steeper trend was observed for increasing doses of safflower oil; compared to the high-dose safflower oil group, animals supplemented with low-dose safflower oil had less mean luminal occlusion (16.3% +/- 5.9% versus 41.4% +/- 7.6%, p < 0.017) and intimal thickness (7.9 +/- 1.9-mu-m versus 34.0 +/- 13.0-mu-m, analysis of variance: p = 0.054). Low-dose safflower oil also had a slight, but nonsignificant, beneficial effect on graft vessel disease when compared to control rabbits. The same trends were observed in the degree of histologic rejection (0 = none to 3 = severe) in fish oil- and safflower oil-treated animals. Rejection score correlated weakly but significantly (p = 0.0001) with mean luminal occlusion (r = 0.52) and intimal thickness (r = 0.46). Therefore allograft coronary disease in this model appeared to exhibit an unfavorable, direct-dose response to fish oil and safflower oil, independent of effects on plasma lipids. Further controlled experiments in animals and humans are needed to determine the utility and safety of polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in the prevention of accelerated human cardiac allograft vessel disease.
Serum non-esterified very long-chain PUFA are associated with markers of endothelial dysfunction; The objective of this study was to investigate the pattern of serum non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) fraction in association with atherosclerosis development. We have studied possible relationships between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) in the NEFA fraction and biochemical markers of endothelial activation or dysfunction. The study population consisted of 152 elderly men with high risk for coronary heart disease. The composition of fasting serum NEFA was analysed by gas-liquid chromatography. Endothelial activation was evaluated using biochemical analyses of some markers of endothelial function. A significant inverse linear association was found between serum non-esterified EPA and DHA, and soluble vascular cell adhesion molectile-1 (sVCAM-1) (P = 0.02 and 0.001, respectively). An inverse linear association was found between serum non-esterified AA and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.001) and von Willebrand Factor (P = 0.005). The significant inverse associations for DHA and AA were independent from the serum content of other NEFAs. Taken together, negative associations were found between sVCAM-1 and the serum levels of non-esterified DHA, EPA and AA. The inverse relation between the levels of sVCAM-1 and very long-chain n-3 fatty acids might indicate an anti-inflammatory effect of the latter. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Multimodal Lipid-therapy in Patients with Diabetes; Dyslipoproteinemia in patients with diabetes represents a complex pathophysiology of atherogenic lipoprotein fractions which are strongly influenced by quality of glycemic control and visceral obesity. Therefore the diagnostic comprise total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and HDL-cholesterol, eventually complmented by apoB and Lp(a) as basis of risk estimation and of multimodale integrated therapy. Since type 2 diabetes already itself is a major cardiovascular risk factor national and international guideline recommend strict control of all three parameters of the lipid triad: LDL-cholesterol < 70mg/dl, triglycerides < 150mg/dl and HDL-Cholesterol in males of > 40mg/dl and females > 50mg/dl. Lifestyle intervention with reduction of overweight and appropriate physical exercise is in any case an essential effective and safe part of treatment of hypertriglyceridemia/low HDL, with little effect on LDL-cholesterol. Guidelines recommend statins in patients with type 2 diabetes since they represent a high risk group for cardiovascular disease with class Ia evidence from randomized trials. However despite LDL-cholesterol levels < 100mg/dl under statin treatment there remains a high lipid risk in the case of diabetic dyslipidemia. Therefore patients with low HDL/hypertriglyceridemia syndrome need an add-on therapy to completely correct the lipid triad. There are three classes of drugs with cardioprotective potentials: fibrates, nicotinic acid derivatives and omega 3 fatty acids. There exist only inconsistent data on cardiovascular outcome for add-on therapy to statins in patients with diabetes. Therefore an individualized decision based on pathophysiology and global risk estimation is essential. This review presents a guide to individualized risk adjusted treatment of multimodale lipid-therapy of patients with diabetes.
Immuno-nutrition: Designer diets in cancer; Weightless, associated with advanced stage of neoplastic disease, is negatively correlated with survival in cancer patients. Alterations in substrate metabolism contribute to the impaired nutritional status. Energy expenditure, assessed by indirect calorimetry, seems to be very variable. Hypermetabolism may occur frequently, but the increase in energy expenditure rarely exceeds 10-15%. Another hallmark of cancer is depression of both cellular and humoral immune functions. Glutamine, the most abundant amino acid in the body, is an important substrate for rapidly proliferating cells and tissues. Arginine has been shown to stimulate the immune system, to enhance wound healing and to decrease the rate of tumour growth. Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids shifts the production of prostaglandins from the dienoic to the trienoic variety, which is much less immunosuppressive. Finally, administration of oligonucleotides improved survival to a challenge with Candida albicans. The needs for nutritional support in cancer patients should be considered from at least two perspectives: curative versus palliative treatment. Several prospective, randomized, double-blind studies in cancer patients undergoing major upper gastrointestinal surgery demonstrated significant improvements in postoperative immunological responses, a reduction in the frequency of infections and wound complications and in the length of hospital stay in the group receiving a diet enriched with arginine, RNA and omega-3 fatty acids. However, the impact on mortality remains to be established, In palliative situations, no clinical data documenting beneficial effects of long-term nutritional support with designer diets have been published, probably as a consequence of persisting concern about promoting tumour growth. Moreover, because of the heterogeneity of this patient population such studies are difficult to perform. Finally, nutritional intervention for patients with terminal cancer remains highly controversial. The basis for improvements in nutritional support is a better understanding of the metabolism of cancer patients, especially in patients with advanced disease.
Fish consumption and the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes: the CARDIO2000 study; Objective: The ann of this work was to investigate the association between fish consumption and the development of non-fatal acute coronary syndromes (ACS), in a Mediterranean population.
Total saponins from stems and leaves of <i>Panax quinquefolius</i> L. ameliorate podophyllotoxin-induced myelosuppression and gastrointestinal toxicity; Podophyllotoxin (POD), a natural lignan distributed in podophyllum species, possesses significant antitumor and antiviral activities. But POD often causes serious side effects, such as myelosuppression, gastrointestinal toxicity, neurotoxicity, hepatic and renal dysfunction, and even death, which not only hinder its clinical application but also threaten the patient's health. Therefore, an effective treatment against POD-induced toxicity is important. Our preliminary study found that the total saponins from the stems and leaves of Panax quinquefolius L. (PQS) could significantly reduce the death of mice caused by POD. To reveal how PQS can alleviate POD-induced toxicity, further study was needed. Peripheral blood cell analysis, diarrhea score, and histological examination demonstrated that PQS could relieve myelosuppression and gastrointestinal side effects induced by POD. Then, metabolomics was performed to investigate the possible protective mechanism of PQS on POD-induced myelosuppression and gastrointestinal toxicity. Metabolomics analysis showed that metabolic changes caused by POD could be reversed by PQS to some extent; 23 metabolites altered significantly after POD exposure, and 11 metabolites significantly reversed by PQS pretreatment. Metabolic pathway analysis suggested that PQS might exhibit its protective effects by rebalancing disordered arginine, glutamine, and unsaturated fatty acid metabolism.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and serum lipid, lipoprotein and homocysteine concentrations at birth; Mediterranean diet consumption is associated to low prevalence of major degenerative diseases. Low Mediterranean-diet-adherence (MDA) score has been related to high insulin and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance levels at birth. The relationship between maternal MDA and offspring lipoprotein profile at birth has been scarcely reported.
Childhood Serum Fatty Acid Quality Is Associated with Adult Carotid Artery Intima Media Thickness in Women but Not in Men; Childhood nutrition may play a role in the development of cardiovascular disease risk in adulthood. We examined the links between childhood dietary fatty acid quality and adult subclinical atherosclerosis in a cohort of 374 males and 449 females, aged 3-18 y at baseline in 1980, followed for 27 y. Serum cholesterol ester fatty acid (CEFA) percentages were analyzed as markers of dietary fatty acid intake. Adulthood carotid artery intima media thickness (cIMT, mu m), adjusted for childhood and adulthood lipid and nonlipid risk markers, was used as the outcome. In women, after adjustment for age and childhood nonlipid risk markers, the childhood saturated CEFA (B = 11.3; P = 0.011), monounsaturated CEFA (B = 2.5; P = 0.025), and n3 (omega 3) polyunsaturated CEFA (B = 16.2; P = 0.035) percentages were directly associated with adult cIMT. In contrast, the n6 (omega 6) polyunsaturated CEFA percentage was negatively associated with cIMT (B = -2.3; P = 0.008). Similar relationships were observed between childhood dietary intake data and adult cIMT. In men, these associations were generally weak and nonsignificant (P > 0.05) after controlling for confounders. These longitudinal data suggest that fat quality as reflected in the serum cholesterol ester fraction in childhood is associated with adult cIMT in women. J. Nutr. 143: 682-689, 2013.
Food quality of heterotrophic bacteria for <i>Daphnia magna</i>: evidence for a limitation by sterols; The quality of heterotrophic bacteria as food for metazoan grazers has been investigated poorly. We conducted growth experiments with juvenile Daphnia magna feeding on different strains of heterotrophic bacteria that represent typical pelagic bacteria of five phylogenetically distinct groups. The bacterial food suspensions were supplemented with cholesterol and/or the polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), two essential nutrients that are either absent or scarcely represented in bacteria. Our data imply that the selected heterotrophic bacteria are of poor food quality for D. magna, which was indicated either by very low somatic growth rates or by high mortality. However, with four out of six bacterial strains tested, the somatic growth rates increased significantly upon supplementation with cholesterol, which shows that the lack of sterols in bacteria is a major food quality constraint. We did not find clear evidence for a limitation by EPA on bacterial diets within our growth experiments. High mortality was observed when D. magna was fed with Hydrogenophaga sp. or Pseudomonas sp., which indicates that these two bacterial strains are toxic to D. magna. Our findings highlight the limitations of bacteria as a carbon source for Daphnia and point to a so far underestimated diversity of interactions between grazers and its bacterial food.
PLASMA-LIPOPROTEINS AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION AFTER MINIPILL; A study of the effect of a low-dose oral contraceptive, Adepal (ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel, 30 and 150 .mu.g on the 5th-12th, 40 and 200 .mu.g on the 13th-28th, respectively) on the blood lipids, lipoproteins and fatty acid composition was conducted on 13 young women before and after 6 mo. of treatment. All together, total cholesterol concentration did not vary. High cholesterol values decreased whereas the low cholesterol values increased with the pill. Triglyceride levels increased significantly (P L 0.001). High density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol decreased clearly (P < 0.001) regardless of the cholesterol value at the beginning; low and very low density lipoprotein (LDL + VLDL)-cholesterol increased slightly, as well as the apoprotein B (Apo B) concentration (P < 0.05). The lipoprotein electrophoresis showed intermediate bands (IDL) in 5/12 of the women after treatment. The 3 major classes of lipoprotein showed some variations in the fatty acid composition after  the oral contraceptive; in any lipid class from any lipoprotein, the linoleic (18: 1.omega.6), arachidonic (20: 4.omega.6) and eicosapentaenoic (20: 5.omega.3) acids decreased whereas the palmitic (16: 0) and oleic (18: 1.omega.9) acids increased. Evidently a low-dose contraceptive like Adepal produces some significant modifications of plasma lipids and lipoproteins [which increase the risk of cardiovascular disease].
Association between dietary fat and antioxidant status of Tunisian type 2 diabetic patients; Background: The antioxidant enzymes: superoxide dismutase (Cu/Zn SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) provide a defense against the damage of cells by reactive oxygen species, which increased in diabetic state. It was demonstrated that dietary treatment could improve the antioxidant status in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study was undertaken to determine if erythrocyte Cu/Zn SOD and GSH-Px activities correlate with dietary nutrients in 35 selected type 2 diabetic patients (21 women and 14 men) without diabetic complications.
T The Kronos Early Estrogen Prevention Study; JoAnn E Manson is Chief of the Division of Preventive Medicine, as well as Co-Director of the Connors Center for Women's Health and Gender Biology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School (MA, USA). She is the Michael and Lee Bell Professor of Women's Health and Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School. Dr Manson received her AB from Harvard University (MA, USA), her MD from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine (OH, USA), and an MPH and DrPH from the Harvard School of Public Health. She is board-certified in both Internal Medicine and the subspecialty of Endocrinology and Metabolism. Her major research interests include preventive medicine and randomized clinical trials, particularly for prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer in women. She is Principal Investigator of several grants from the National Institutes of Health, including the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL, the Women's Health Initiative Vanguard Clinical Center at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, the Women's Antioxidant and Folic Acid Cardiovascular Trial, and Biochemical and Genetic Risk Factors for CVD in Women. She is also Principal Investigator of the Boston site for the Kronos Early Estrogen Prevention Study (KEEPS), which recently reported preliminary results suggesting a number of positive effects of hormone therapy for newly menopausal women.
Fish intake and risk of incident atrial fibrillation; Background-Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common arrhythmia in clinical practice and is particularly common in the elderly. Although effects of fish intake, including potential antiarrhythmic effects, may favorably influence risk of AF, relationships between fish intake and AF incidence have not been evaluated.
DO DIETS ENRICHED WITH OIL PREVENT MULTIPLE ORGAN FAILURE IN MICE; Objective: To examine the effects of various diets supplemented with fat in an experimental model of multiple organ failure in mice.
An updated review of lipid-modifying therapy; Statin drugs reduce low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (LDL-C) and cardiovascular risk. Ezetimibe may be used to supplement statin therapy, or used alone in cases of statin intolerance. Statin-associated side effects do occur, especially muscle symptoms and new onset diabetes, but they do not detract from the benefits of statin therapy. Inhibitors of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) reduce LDL-C and cardiovascular risk. Evolocumab is subsidised in Australia for patients with familial hypercholesterolaemia when LDL-C is not adequately controlled with maximum doses of statin or ezetimibe or when statin therapy is contraindicated. Fenofibrate reduces triglycerides and cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes when triglycerides are elevated and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) is low. A role for dietary omega-3 fatty acids and esters in reducing cardiovascular risk remains controversial. All cases of secondary cardiovascular disease prevention merit intensive lipid therapy, unless a contraindication exists. Lipid therapy is justified in cases of primary prevention when absolute risk is high, especially when lipids are highly elevated or when multiple risk factors are present. Clinical management requires a focus on the predominant lipid disorder present, namely hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia or combined hyperlipidaemia. There is an ongoing problem of poor long term persistence on lipid therapy, as well as reduced awareness by practitioners of poor risk factor control.
Early enteral immunonutrition in patients with severe sepsis - Results of an interim analysis of a randomized multicentre clinical trial; Objective: To compare the mortality of critically ill patients given either enteral feeding with an immune-enhancing formula or parenteral nutrition (PN). We report the results of a planned interim analysis on patients with severe sepsis which was undertaken earlier than planned once a meta-analysis suggested:excess mortality in patients with severe sepsis given enteral immunonutrition. Design: Randomised multicentre unblinded controlled clinical trial. Setting Thirty-three General Intensive Care Units in Italy. Patients and participants: Among the 237 recruited patients, 39 had severe sepsis or septic shock; 21 of them received PN. Interventions: Eligible patients received either total PN or enteral nutrition, the latter containing extra L-arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin E, beta carotene, zinc, and selenium. Measurements and results: The primary endpoint for the subgroup analysis on patients with severe sepsis was mortality on Intensive Care Unit (ICU). The ICU mortality of patients with severe sepsis given enteral nutrition (EN) was higher than for those given PN (44.4% vs 14.3%; p=0.039). More patients given EN than patients given PN still had severe sepsis when they died (38.9% vs 9.5%, p=0.055). Recruitment of patients with severe sepsis was subsequently stopped. Conclusions: Our results show that enteral immunonutrition, compared to PN, may be associated with excess mortality in patients with severe sepsis.
Differential effects of saturated and unsaturated free fatty acids on ferroptosis in rat ,?-cells; Elevated plasma concentrations of saturated free fatty acids (SFAs) are involved in pancreatic ,B-cell dysfunction and apoptosis, referred to as lipotoxicity. However, in contrast to apoptosis, the involvement of ferroptosis, as a distinct type of oxidative regulated cell death in ,B-cell lipotoxicity remains elusive. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the effects of various free fatty acids on ferroptosis induction in rat insulin-producing ,B-cells. Herein, rat insulin-producing , beta-cells underwent lipid peroxidation in the presence of long-chain SFAs and w-6-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), but only the latter induced ferroptosis. On the other hand, the w-3-PUFA a-linolenate did not induce ferroptosis but sensitized insulin-producing ,B-cells to SFA-mediated lipid peroxidation. While the monounsaturated fatty acid oleate, overexpression of glutathione peroxidase 4, and the specific ferroptosis inhibitor ferrostatin-1 significantly abrogated lipid peroxidation, neither glutathione peroxidase 4 nor ferrostatin-1 affected palmitate-mediated toxicity. Site-specific expression of catalase in cytosol, mitochondria, and ER attenuated lipid peroxidation, indicating the contribution of metabolically generated H2O2 from all three sub-cellular compartments. These observations suggest that only w-6-PUFAs reach the thresholds of lipid peroxidation required for ferroptosis, whereas SFAs favour apoptosis in , beta-cells. Hence, avoiding an excessive dietary intake of w-6-PUFAs might be a crucial prerequisite for prevention of reactive oxygen species-mediated ferroptosis in insulin-producing cells. (C)& nbsp;2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Safe and Effective Use of Plant-Based Diets with Guidelines for Health Professionals; Plant-based diets, defined here as including both vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, are growing in popularity throughout the Western world for various reasons, including concerns for human health and the health of the planet. Plant-based diets are more environmentally sustainable than meat-based diets and have a reduced environmental impact, including producing lower levels of greenhouse gas emissions. Dietary guidelines are normally formulated to enhance the health of society, reduce the risk of chronic diseases, and prevent nutritional deficiencies. We reviewed the scientific data on plant-based diets to summarize their preventative and therapeutic role in cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, obesity, and osteoporosis. Consuming plant-based diets is safe and effective for all stages of the life cycle, from pregnancy and lactation, to childhood, to old age. Plant-based diets, which are high in fiber and polyphenolics, are also associated with a diverse gut microbiota, producing metabolites that have anti-inflammatory functions that may help manage disease processes. Concerns about the adequate intake of a number of nutrients, including vitamin B12, calcium, vitamin D, iron, zinc, and omega-3 fats, are discussed. The use of fortified foods and/or supplements as well as appropriate food choices are outlined for each nutrient. Finally, guidelines are suggested for health professionals working with clients consuming plant-based diets.
The emerging roles of MAPK-AMPK in ferroptosis regulatory network; Ferroptosis, a newform of programmed cell death, driven by peroxidative damages of polyunsaturated-fatty-acid-containing phospholipids in cellular membranes and is extremely dependent on iron ions, which is differs characteristics from traditional cell death has attracted greater attention. Based on the curiosity of this new form of regulated cell death, there has a tremendous progress in the field of mechanistic understanding of ferroptosis recent years. Ferroptosis is closely associated with the development of many diseases and involved in many diseases related signaling pathways. Not only a variety of oncoproteins and tumor suppressors can regulate ferroptosis, but multiple oncogenic signaling pathways can also have a regulatory effect on ferroptosis. Ferroptosis results in the accumulation of large amounts of lipid peroxides thus involving the onset of oxidative stress and energy stress responses. The MAPK pathway plays a critical role in oxidative stress and AMPK acts as a sensor of cellular energy and is involved in the regulation of the energy stress response. Moreover, activation of AMPK can induce the occurrence of autophagy-dependent ferroptosis and p53-activated ferroptosis. In recent years, there have been new advances in the study of molecular mechanisms related to the regulation of ferroptosis by both pathways. In this review, we will summarize the molecular mechanisms by which the MAPK-AMPK signaling pathway regulates ferroptosis. Meanwhile, we sorted out the mysterious relationship between MAPK and AMPK, described the crosstalk among ferroptosis and MAPK-AMPK signaling pathways, and summarized the relevant ferroptosis inducers targeting this regulatory network. This will provide a new field for future research on ferroptosis mechanisms and provide a new vision for cancer treatment strategies.
Fatty acid composition of 19 species of fish from the Black Sea and the Marmara Sea; Evidence suggests that differences in fatty acid composition among various fish species may be due to differences in diet or to environmental factors such as temperature, salinity, and depth at which the fish are caught. The beneficial effects of a diet containing fish on cardiovascular or other diseases have been associated with their high content of eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3) acids. In this study we analyzed the fatty acid composition of the flesh of 18 different species of marine fish and of cultured rainbow trout. The fish were obtained from the Black and the Marmara Seas, both of which have unique biological and ecological systems as well as eutrophication and pollution. The contents of 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 in the marine fish ranged from 4.2 to 13.3 wt% of total fatty acids, and from 6.6 to 40.8 wt%, respectively. The most important differences from other studies on oceanic fish were the tendencies toward higher percentages of 16:0 and 22:6n-3. The n-3 series of polyunsaturated fatty acids were present as 32.4 +/- 1.9% of the total fatty acids. The present study suggests that mature and immature Pomatomus saltator as well as Engraulis encrasicolus, Mullus surmuletus, Sardina pilchardus, Mugil cephalus, and Sarda sarda may be preferred for the Turkish diet as a result of their high 20:5 n-3 and 22:6 n-3 contents. The cultured rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss is not as good a source of n-3 fatty acids as are the marine fish.
Protective Effects of Phosphatidylcholine against Hepatic and Renal Cell Injury from Advanced Glycation End Products; Background and Objectives: Receptors of the advanced glycation products (RAGE) are activated to promote cell death and contributes to chronic diseases such as diabetes and inflammation. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), which interact with RAGE are complex compounds synthesized during diabetes development and are presumed to play a significant role in pathogenesis of diabetes. Phosphatidylcholine (PC), a polyunsaturated fatty acid found in egg yolk, mustard, and soybean, is thought to exert anti-inflammatory activity. We investigated the effects of PC on AGEs-induced hepatic and renal cell injury. Materials and Methods: In this study, we evaluated cytokine and NF-kappa B/MAPK signal pathway activity in AGEs induced human liver (HepG2) cells and human kidney (HK2) cells with and without PC treatment. Results: PC reduced RAGE expression and attenuated levels of inflammatory cytokines and NF-kB/MAPK signaling. Moreover, cells treated with PC exhibited a significant reduction in cytotoxicity, oxidative stress, and inflammatory factor levels. Conclusions: These findings suggest that PC could be an effective functional material for hepatic and renal injury involving with oxidative stress caused by AGEs during diabetic conditions.
Investigation of Quality Index Parameters and comparison of fatty acids of some Sparidae fish species in canakkale city (northern Aegean Sea, Turkiye); This study examined the fatty acid contents of Blotched picarel (Spicara maena Linnaeus, 1758), Blackspot seabream (Pagellus bogaraveo Brunnich, 1768), Saddled seabream (Oblada melanura Linnaeus, 1758), Bogue (Boops boops Linnaeus, 1758) and Sand steenbras (Lithognathus mormyrus Linnaeus, 1758) fish species in canakkale province and compared them with each other. In this study, fatty acids and quality parameters (LQI) in the meat of some sparid fish species which are important in human consumption were examined. There are three main differences that set this study apart from others. Firstly, the study area is located in the canakkale region. Secondly, the meats of sparid fish species are examined. Finally, the third difference is the investigation of the quality index of the fat in addition to the fatty acids in the region and the fish meats. The quality index parameters of these fish oils were calculated and compared with each other. Unsaturated fatty acid ratios were found to be over 60% in all fish studied. The highest unsaturated fatty acid content was observed in Boops boops with 67.34%. ?-3 fatty acids were highest in Oblada melanura with 43.33% and lowest in Lithognathus mormyrus with 34.77%. Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) were found to be between 6-9% and 22-30%, respectively, in the fish. The AI, h/H, and TI quality index parameters were calculated between 0.42-50, 2.28-2.75, and 0.22-0.26, respectively. In addition, within the scope of the study, the amount of fatty acids was calculated on edible 100 g portion (EP: Edible portion, mg FA/ 100 g fresh portion) of each fish. The highest EP value for ?-3 fatty acids was calculated as 1367 mg/100 g in Pagellus bogaraveo.
Monounsaturated Fatty Acids in a High-Fat Diet and Niacin Protect from White Fat Dysfunction in the Metabolic Syndrome; Scope Obesity is a principal causative factor of metabolic syndrome. Niacin potently regulates lipid metabolism. Replacement of saturated fatty acids by MUFAs or inclusion of omega-3 long-chain PUFAs in the diet improves plasma lipid levels. However, the potential benefits of niacin in combination with MUFAs or omega-3 long-chain PUFAs against white adipose tissue (WAT) dysfunction in the high fat diet (HFD)-induced metabolic syndrome are unknown. Methods and results Male Lep(ob/ob)LDLR(-/-) mice are fed a chow diet or HFDs based on milk cream (21% kcal), olive oil (21% kcal), or olive oil (20% kcal) plus 1% kcal from eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, including immediate-release niacin (1% w/v) in drinking water, for 8 weeks. Mice are then phenotyped. Dietary MUFAs are identified as positive regulators of adipose NAD(+) signaling pathways by triggering NAD(+) biosynthesis via the salvage pathway. This coexists with overexpression of genes involved in recognition of NAD(+) and fatty acids, a surrounding lipid environment dominated by exogenous oleic acid and an alternatively activated macrophage profile, which culminate in a healthy expansion of WAT and improvement of several hallmarks that typify the metabolic syndrome. Conclusion Niacin in combination with dietary MUFAs can favor WAT homeostasis in the development of HFD-induced obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Lifestyle Approaches and Dietary Strategies to Lower LDL-Cholesterol and Triglycerides and Raise HDL-Cholesterol; This article discusses specific dietary factors as well as dietary patterns that affect the major coronary heart disease (CHD) lipid risk factors (ie, LDL-C, HDL-C, and TG). Based on a very large evidence base, it is clear that diet and lifestyle practices can markedly affect these major CHID lipid risk factors, and consequently decrease CHID risk substantively.
Effects of a New Combination of Medical Food on Endothelial Function and Lipid Profile in Dyslipidemic Subjects: A Pilot Randomized Trial; Nutritional approaches to improve dyslipidemias have been recently developed, but evidences on different medical foods are often incomplete. The main aim of our study was to evaluate the effects on endothelial function, lipid profile, and glucose metabolism of two different combinations of nutraceuticals, first one containing Bergavit (200 mg Citrus bergamia), Omega-3 (400 mg), Crominex 3+ (10 mcg trivalent chromium), and red yeast rice (100 mg; 5 mg monacolin K) and second one containing red yeast rice (200 mg; 3 mg monacolin K), Berberine (500 mg), Astaxanthin (0.5 mg), folic acid (200 mcg), Coenzyme Q10 (2 mg), and Policosanol (10 mg). Fifty subjects affected by dyslipidemia not requiring statin treatment were enrolled in this randomized, blind, controlled trial and submitted to blood sampling for lipid and glucose profiles and instrumental evaluation of endothelial function before and after 6 weeks of treatment with nutraceuticals. Both nutraceutical combinations improved the lipid profile; the nutraceutical containing 5 mg of monacolin K, 200 mg of the extract Citrus bergamia, 400 mg of Omega-3, and 10 mcg of trivalent chromium entailed a significant improvement of endothelial function with enhanced cholesterol lowering effect. In conclusion, this study confirms the positive effect of functional food on lipid profile and endothelial function in absence of major undesirable effects.
Intra-individual variability of long-chain fatty acids (C12-C24) in plasma and red blood cells Chock; Long-chain fatty acids (LCFA) play key roles in mammalian cells as sources of energy, structural components and signaling molecules. Given their importance in numerous physiological processes, the roles of LCFAs in health and disease have been extensively investigated. In the majority of studies, correlations are established using a single measurement in plasma or red blood cells (RBCs). Although a few studies have reported on reproducibility of individual fatty acid measurements, the comprehensive analysis of intra-individual LCFA variability has not been performed. Therefore, our goal was to determine intra-individual variability for the 22 most abundant LCFAs in both plasma and RBC samples collected from healthy individuals on a regular diet after overnight fasting. The measurements of LCFAs in RBCs were consistent throughout the course of study reflecting long-term nutritional status. In contrast, the results in plasma showed considerable LCFA intra-individual variability, even between fatty acids of the same type. Plasma intra-individual variability for omega-3 alpha-linolenic and eicosapentaenoic acids in some participants were >40% whereas the variability of docosahexaenoic acid was consistently <12.8%. Omega-6 linoleic and arachidonic acids also showed low variability in plasma. The results suggest that some LCFAs have less variability and would be more reliable as biomarkers. Reliability of biomarkers can have a profound impact on the research outcomes. Intra-individual variability of LCFAs should be taken into consideration in designing, conducting and interpreting results of clinical studies.
Clinical review: optimizing enteral nutrition for critically ill patients - a simple data-driven formula; In modern critical care, the paradigm of 'therapeutic nutrition' is replacing traditional 'supportive nutrition'. Standard enteral formulas meet basic macro-and micronutrient needs; therapeutic enteral formulas meet these basic needs and also contain specific pharmaconutrients that may attenuate hyperinflammatory responses, enhance the immune responses to infection, or improve gastrointestinal tolerance. Choosing the right enteral feeding formula may positively affect a patient's outcome; targeted use of therapeutic formulas can reduce the incidence of infectious complications, shorten lengths of stay in the ICU and in the hospital, and lower risk for mortality. In this paper, we review principles of how to feed (enteral, parenteral, or both) and when to feed (early versus delayed start) patients who are critically ill. We discuss what to feed these patients in the context of specific pharmaconutrients in specialized feeding formulations, that is, arginine, glutamine, antioxidants, certain omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, hydrolyzed proteins, and medium-chain triglycerides. We summarize current expert guidelines for nutrition in patients with critical illness, and we present specific clinical evidence on the use of enteral formulas supplemented with anti-inflammatory or immune-modulating nutrients, and gastrointestinal tolerance-promoting nutritional formulas. Finally, we introduce an algorithm to help bedside clinicians make data-driven feeding decisions for patients with critical illness.
Nutrition and disease: Challenges of research design; This review discusses research methodology in the relation between diet and disease. Medical research can be divided into two types: complex research (the detailed study of disease mechanisms using such methods as biochemistry and molecular genetics) and simple research (the investigation of the factors that cause or prevent disease using methods such as epidemiology, intervention trials, and analagous studies on animals). Although complex research has received the bulk of resources, the large majority of our information of practical value has come from simple research. This general principle is illustrated in the area of diet and disease by examples from various areas: selenium, carotenoids, and cancer; vitamin E, omega-3 fatty acids, and coronary heart disease; dietary fat and obesity; dietary sodium and hypertension; and alcohol and stroke. Discussion then turns to aspects of the design of cohort (prospective) studies. Because of problems of sample size and relative lack of diversity, previous studies often failed to give clear-cut results. Suggestions are made concerning the design of cohort studies, notably the use of much larger numbers of subjects and with greater diversity in their diets. The problem of confounding also is discussed. Lifestyle factors often cluster together but cohort studies may not have fully unraveled this. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 2002.
BASAL LIPID-PEROXIDATION IN SUBSTANTIA NIGRA IS INCREASED IN PARKINSONS-DISEASE; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels (an index of the amount of substrate available for lipid peroxidation) were measured in several brain regions from patients who died with Parkinson''s disease and age-matched control human postmortem brains. PUFA levels were reduced in parkinsonian substantia nigra compared to other brain regions and to control tissue. However, basal malondialdehyde (MDA; an intermediate in the lipid peroxidation process) levels were increased in parkinsonian nigra compared with other parkinsonian brain regions and control tissue. Expressing basal MDA levels in terms of PUFA content, the difference between parkinsonian and control substantia nigra was even more pronounced. Stimulating MDA production by incubating tissue with FeSO4 plus ascorbic acid, FeSO4 plus H2O2, or air alone produced lower MDA levels in the parkinsonian substantia nigra, probably reflecting the lower PUFA content. These results may indicate that an increased level of lipid  peroxidation continues to occur in the parkinsonian nigra up to the time of death, perhaps because of continued exposure to excess free radicals derived from some endogenous or exogenous neurotoxic species.
ANTICACHECTIC AND ANTITUMOR EFFECT OF EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID AND ITS EFFECT ON PROTEIN-TURNOVER; The effect of the polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) on host body weight loss and tumor growth has been investigated in mice bearing a cachexia-inducing colon adenocarcinoma, the MAC16. EPA effectively inhibited both host weight loss and tumor growth rate in a dose-related manner with optimal effects being observed at a dose level of 1.25 to 2.5 g/kg. At these concentrations host body weight was effectively maintained, and there was a delay in the progression of growth of the tumor, such that overall survival was approximately doubled in EPA-treated animals, using the criteria dictated by the United Kingdom Coordinating Committee for the welfare of animals with neoplasms. Even when tumor growth resumed, weight loss did not occur. Animals bearing the MAC16 tumor showed a decreased protein synthesis and an increased degradation in skeletal muscle. Treatment with EPA significantly reduced protein degradation without an effect on protein synthesis.
CHRONIC FELINE LEUKEMIA-VIRUS INFECTION ALTERS ARACHIDONIC-ACID PROPORTIONS INVIVO AND INVITRO; The polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid, arachidonic acid ([AA] 20:4n-6), is both the key of the immunoregulatory substances, prostaglandins, and leukotrienes, and an essential component of immune cell membrane phospholipids, providing stability and flexibility to ensure cellular function. To explore possible effects of the physiological burden of viral replication in chronic viral infections on AA availability, plasma total esterified fatty acid (FA) proportions were measured in the feline leukemia (FeLV) model. Plasma FA profiles of 12 specific-pathogen-free cats with chronic infections with Rickard strain feline leukemia virus (FeLV-R) were compared with 12 age- and sex-matched uninfected specific-pathogen-free cats at 4 months after infection. A significant decrease from normal of average AA proportion was found in FeLV-R-infected cat plasma, while other major FA (palmitic, stearic, and oleic and omega-3 FA normally remained present until near death. Since plasma FA content rapidly affects circulating immune cell membrane composition and since FeLV infection also targets immune cells, we compared FA profiles of feline T4-thymic lymphoma 3201 cell membranes that were infected with virulent FeLV-R or less virulent FeLV-A, at 20 days after viral inoculation with sham-inoculated uninfected 3201 cells. Significantly altered FA proportions and ratios of saturated to unsaturated FA found in infected cell membranes were similar to plasma FA changes and paralleled the virulence of the FeLV inoculum. Altered postinfection FA proportions may impart serious functional defects to the immune cells of chronic FeLV-infected cats, contributing to the inability of their immune systems to eliminate FeLV by depleted plasma AA stores and modified cell membrane composition. Decreased AA availability may be an important factor in the cachexia and fatal outcome of FeLV infection.
Effects of season on proximate and fatty acid compositions of two mediterranean fish - the round herring (<i>Etrumeus teres</i>) and tub gurnard (<i>Chelidonichthys lucernus</i>); P>The aim of this work was to study the seasonal variation of the proximate and fatty acid compositions in the round herring (Etrumeus teres) and tub gurnard (Chelidonichthys lucernus) caught from the North-Eastern Mediterranean Sea. Proximate compositions and fatty acid contents of both fish species showed statistically significant seasonal variations (P < 0.05). While the protein contents were at its highest in winter, the lipid contents were at its highest in autumn. The main fatty acids were C16:0 (palmitic acid), C18:0 (stearic acid), C16:1 n-7 (palmiteoleic acid), 18:1 n-9c (oleic acid), C20:5 n-3 (eicosapentaenoic acid) and C22:6 n-3 (docosahexaenoic acid). The total polyunsaturated fatty acid in round herring was highest in winter, whereas that in tub gurnard was highest in spring.
Fatty Acids Composition of Vegetable Oils and Its Contribution to Dietary Energy Intake and Dependence of Cardiovascular Mortality on Dietary Intake of Fatty Acids; Characterizations of fatty acids composition in % of total methylester of fatty acids (FAMEs) of fourteen vegetable oils-safflower, grape, silybum marianum, hemp, sunflower, wheat germ, pumpkin seed, sesame, rice bran, almond, rapeseed, peanut, olive, and coconut oil-were obtained by using gas chromatography (GC). Saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), palmitic acid (C16:0; 4.6%-20.0%), oleic acid (C18:1; 6.2%-71.1%) and linoleic acid (C18:2; 1.6%-79%), respectively, were found predominant. The nutritional aspect of analyzed oils was evaluated by determination of the energy contribution of SFAs (19.4%-695.7% E-RDI), PUFAs (10.6%-786.8% E-RDI), n-3 FAs (4.4%-117.1% E-RDI) and n-6 FAs (1.8%-959.2% E-RDI), expressed in % E-RDI of 1 g oil to energy recommended dietary intakes (E-RDI) for total fat (E-RDI-37.7 kJ/g). The significant relationship between the reported data of total fat, SFAs, MUFAs and PUFAs intakes (% E-RDI) for adults and mortality caused by coronary heart diseases (CHD) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in twelve countries has not been confirmed by Spearman's correlations.
Extremophilic Ligninolytic Enzymes: Versatile Biocatalytic Tools with Impressive Biotechnological Potential; Extremophilic microbial communities have developed several physiological and molecular strategies to survive and grow in extreme environments. This review explores the adaptive mechanisms of extremophilic ligninolytic enzymes such as laccase, lignin peroxidase (LiP), and manganese peroxidase (MnP). The extremophilic ligninolytic enzyme adaptive features such as different compositions of amino acids, hydrophobic interaction, surface charges, tighter packing (compactness), a deleted loop, saturated/unsaturated fatty acid, salt bridge, disulfide bridge, hydrogen bond, several ions, and alpha-helical, as well as, cysteinyl-tRNA synthetase enzyme to maintain their active stability for catalytic functionalities in extreme conditions. The biochemical properties of extremophilic laccase are monomeric, dimeric, and trimeric glycoprotein with a molecular weight range of 50 to 97 kDa, while glycosylated haem proteins, LiP, and MnP, display a molecular weight ranging from 38 to 62.5 kDa (LiP: 38-46 kDa; MnP: 38-62.5 kDa). The optimum activity of laccase in bacteria and fungus was noted at pH 4.0-10.0. Moreover, the exquisite LiP and MnP activities in fungus occurred at pH 3.0-5.0, while bacteria adopted the diverse range of pH 4.0-9.0. Finally, concluding remarks, the current research needs to highlight the emerging applications of ligninolytic enzymes in broad range of industrial and biotechnological potentials.
Effect of dietary factors on incidence of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review of cohort studies; We systematically reviewed cohort studies on the effect of nutrient and food intake (except for alcohol) on the incidence of type 2 diabetes, which had been published in English as of May 2004. Using the MEDLINE (PubMed) database as well as reference lists of searched papers, 15 individual cohort studies (a total of 31 papers) were identified. The number of subjects (n=895-85,060), follow-up length (5.9-23 y), the number of diabetes cases (n= 74-4,085), dietary assessment method used (simple food questionnaire, food frequency questionnaire, food frequency interview, diet history interview, and 24-h recall), and method of case ascertainment (questionnaire, oral glucose tolerance test, fasting glucose level, death certificate, and nationwide registry) varied among studies. For nutrients, intakes of vegetable fat, polyunsaturated fatty acid, dietary fiber (particularly cereal fiber), magnesium, and caffeine were significantly inversely correlated and intakes of trans fatty acid and heme-iron, glycemic index, and glycemic load were significantly positively correlated with the incidence of type 2 diabetes in several papers. For foods and food groups, several papers showed significantly decreased risk for type 2 diabetes with the higher consumption of grain (particularly whole grain) and coffee, and significantly increased risk with processed meat consumption. Because all the studies, were carried-out in Western countries, however, research in non-Western countries including Japan is needed.
Lipid-Metabolizing CYPs in the Regulation and Dysregulation of Metabolism; The cytochrome P450s (CYPs) represent a highly divergent class of enzymes involved in the oxidation of organic compounds. A subgroup of CYPs metabolize omega 3-arachidonic and linoleic acids and omega 6-docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) into a series of related biologically active mediators. Over the past 20 years, increasing evidence has emerged for a role of these PUFA-derived mediators in physiological and pathophysiological processes in the vasculature, during inflammation, and in the regulation of metabolism. With recent technological advances and increased availability of lipid mass spectroscopy, we are now starting to discern the patterns of these CYP-PUFA products in health and disease. These analyses not only are revealing the diverse spectrum of lipid nutrients regulated by CYPs, but also clearly indicate that the balance of these mediators changes with dietary intake of different PUFA classes. These findings suggest that we are only just beginning to understand all of the relevant lipid species produced by CYP pathways. Moreover, we are still a long way from understanding the nature and presence of their receptors, their tissue expression, and the pathophysiological processes they regulate. This review highlights these future issues in the context of lipid-metabolizing CYP enzymes, focusing particularly on the CYP450 family of epoxygenases and the lipid mediators they produce.
Palmitoleic acid protects microglia from palmitate-induced neurotoxicity in vitro; Although palmitoleic acid (POA) is a lipokine with beneficial effects on obesity and is produced as a byproduct from the manufacture of prescription omega-3 fatty acids, its role in nervous system inflammation is still unknown. This study aims to examine the mechanisms and protective effects of POA against palmitic acid (PA)-induced microglial death. PA-induced microglial death was used as a model for POA intervention. Various inhibitors were employed to suppress potential routes of PA entry into the cell. Immunofluorescence staining and Western blotting were conducted to elucidate the protective pathways involved. The results suggest POA has the potential to eliminate PA-induced lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release, which decreases the overall number of propidium iodide (PI)-positive cells compared with control. Moreover, POA has the potential to significantly increase lipid droplets (LDs) in the cytoplasm, without causing any lysosomal damage. POA inhibited both canonical and non-canonical gasdermin D (GSDMD)-mediated pyroptosis and gasdermin E (GSDME)-mediated pyroptosis, which PA typically induces. Additionally, POA inhibited the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis-related proteins induced by PA. Based on the findings, POA can exert a protective effect on microglial death induced by PA via pathways related to pyroptosis, apoptosis, ER stress, and LDs.
Antioxidants vitamin C and vitamin E for the prevention and treatment of cancer; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the evidence of the supplements vitamin C and vitamin E for treatment and prevention of cancer.
Diet and basal cell carcinoma of the skin in a prospective cohort of men; Background: Low intake of fat and high intake of specific vitamins have been hypothesized to reduce risk of basal cell carcinoma of the skin (BCC).
Denutrition and postoperative infection in cancer patients.; Denutrition decreases immunological responses of non-cancer patients. the healing is altered whereas infectious complications increase. Now during hospitalization, malnutrition prevails in cancer patients. The suppression of the adaptability to fasting which reduces the expenditure of energy at rest, an anormal metabolic response to nutrients' supply with the impossibility to compensate totally the metabolic deficits with the artificial nutrition alone, raise the fear of postoperative disorders, particularly an increase of the infectious risk. The key point is therefore to identify the cachexia's degree owing to a simple, predictive and consensual index. This check-up allows a postoperative complications' prevention by starting up a perioperative refeeding in high-risk subjects: that is to say all severe wasting patients, the people booked for a severe surgical procedure, especially for oesophageal and gastric neoplasms. Actually, we consider that the quality of the results depend more on the making up of the different nutritional solutions dispensed than to strictly providing for cancer patients' wants, which could be harmful in the postoperative period. Supplementation with antioxidant micronutrients or arginine, glutamine, ribonucleic acids and omega -3 fatty acids would allow an immuno- modulation of the renutrition. But complications strictly due to preoperative denutrition are still to be established. (C) 2000 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS.
Alternative Diets Part 1: Overview and Vegetarian Diets; Alternative diets (AD) differ from the current common mixed diet; AD are recommended as a permanent diet. These diets are based on ethical, philosophical and health promoting principles and lead to very different recommendations for food selection. Even within a particular AD there is usually a broad spectrum of versions, so that a general evaluation is only possible to a limited extent. This is also true for single AD. Vegetarian diets and partly paleo-diets have been investigated to a reasonable extent. Plant based diets are appropriate as permanent diets and offer health benefits as compared with currently practiced diets (risk reduction of cancers by 10-18% and of heart diseases by 30%; favorable effect on blood pressure and lipid profile; no risk reduction on cancer and total mortality).
Dietary linoleic and oleic fatty acids in relation to severe depressed mood: 10 years follow-up of a national cohort; The influence of dietary fatty acids (I-As) other than omega-3 FAs on mood has been largely overlooked. The authors prospectively assessed the association between dietary linoleic and oleic FAs and the risk of severe depressed mood (SDM) among 4856 adults aged 25-74 years who were examined in 1971-1975 as a part of a national survey. intakes of FAs were obtained at baseline from a 24-hour recall and categorized into thirds. SDM was defined as Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale scores at follow-up survey >= 22 or taking anti-depression medication. After an average of 10.6 years of follow-up, the proportion of individuals with SDM were 11.45 (SE = 0.96) % and 17.45(1.05) % respectively among 1947 men and 2909 women. The odds ratios (ORs) were 1 (reference). 1.64(95% CI = 1.06, 2.54) and 2.34 (1.41, 3.87) respectively for men with lowest, middle and highest third of linoleic FA intake (p for trend = 0.001): the ORs were I (reference), 0.88 (0.56, 1.38) and 0.48 (0.25, 0.95) respectively for women with lowest, middle and highest third of oleic FA intake (p for trend = 0.0347). No association was observed from saturated FA. These estimates were adjusted for fish consumption at baseline and major physical diseases at follow-up. The authors concluded that increased intake of oleic FA was associated with reduced risk among women while increased intake of linoleic FA was associated with increased risk of SDM among men. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Fats and cancer; International comparisons of several human cancers indicate a wide variation in incidence and mortality among populations that genetic factors cannot explain thoroughly. These observations have suggested that environmental factors and particularly dietary fats are important in the development of certain cancers like breast or prostate cancer. Experiments in animals showed that the amount and type of dietary fats influence tumor growth. These experiments suggest that n-3 fatty acids are protective whereas n-6 fatty acids increase the growth of tumors. Case-control studies support these results but most cohort studies do not corroborate an association between dietary fat intake and the incidence of cancers, larger studies with different populations and powerful analysis of individual fatty acids are needed before recommending nutritional changes in diet with the aim of reducing cancer risk in humans.
Fatty acids as modulators of neutrophil recruitment, function and survival; Neutrophils are well-known to act in the destruction of invading microorganisms. They have also been implicated in the activation of other immune cells including B- and T-lymphocytes and in the resolution of inflammation and tissue regeneration. Neutrophils are produced in the bone marrow and released into the circulation from where they migrate to tissues to perform their effector functions. Neutrophils are in constant contact with fatty acids that can modulate their function, activation and fate (survival or cell death) through different mechanisms. In this review, the effects of fatty acids pertaining to five classes, namely, long-chain saturated fatty acids (LCSFAs), short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), and omega-3 (n-3), omega-6 (n-6) and omega-9 (n-9) unsaturated fatty acids, on neutrophils and the relevance of these effects for disease development are discussed. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Lipid signaling: Sleep, synaptic plasticity, and neuroprotection; increasing evidence indicates that bioactive lipids participate in the regulation of synaptic function and dysfunction. We have demonstrated that signaling mediated by platelet-activating factor (PAF) and cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-synthesized PGE(2) is involved in synaptic plasticity, memory, and neuronal protection [Clark GD, Happel LT, Zorumski CF, Bazan NG. Enhancement of hippocampal excitatory synaptic transmission by platelet-activating factor. Neuron 1992; 9:1211; Kato K, Clark GD, Bazan NG, Zorumski CF. Platelet-activating factor as a potential retrograde messenger in CA1 hippocampal long-term potentiation. Nature 1994; 367:175; Izquierdo 1, Fin C, Schmitz PK, et al. Memory enhancement by intrahippocampal, intraamygdala or intraentorhinal infusion of platelet-activating factor measured in an inhibitory avoidance. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 1995; 92:5047; Chen C, Magee CJ, Bazan NG. Cyclooxygenase-2 regulates prostaglandin E2 signaling in hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity. J Neurophysiol 2002; 87:2851]. Recently, we found that prolonged continuous wakefulness (primarily rapid eye movement (REM)-sleep deprivation, SD) causes impairments in hippocampal long-term synaptic plasticity and hippocampus-dependent memory formation [McDermott CM, LaHoste GJ, Chen C, Musto A, Bazan NG, Magee JC. Sleep deprivation causes behavioral, synaptic, and membrane excitability alterations in hippocampal neurons. J Neurosci 2003; 23:9687]. To explore the mechanisms underlying SD-induced impairments, we have studied several bioactive lipids in the hippocampus following SD. It appears that SD causes increases in prostaglandin D-2 (PGD(2)) and 2-arachidonylglycerol (2-AG), and a decrease in PGE(2), suggesting that these lipid messengers participate in memory consolidation during REM sleep. We have also explored the formation of endogenous neuroprotective lipids. Toward this aim, we have used ischemia-reperfusion damage and LC-PDA-ESI-MS-MS-based lipidomic analysis and identified docosanoids derived from synaptic phospholipid-enriched docosahexaenoic acid. Some of the docosanoids exert potent neuroprotective bioactivity [Marcheselli VL, Hong S, Lukiw WJ, et a]. Novel docosanoids inhibit brain ischemia-reperfusion-mediated leukocyte infiltration and pro-inflammatory gene expression. J Biol Chem 2003; 278:43807; Mukherjee PK, Marcheselli VL, Serhan CN, Bazan, NG. Neuroprotectin D1: A docosahexaenoic acid-derived docosatriene protects human retinal pigment epithelial cells from oxidative stress. Proc Nat Acad Sci USA 2004; 101:8491). Taken together, these observations that signaling lipids participate in synaptic plasticity, cognition, and survival indicate that lipid signaling is closely associated with several functions (e.g; learning and memory, sleep, and experimental stroke) and pathologic events. Alterations in endogenous signaling lipids or their receptors resulting from drug abuse lead to changes in synaptic circuitry and induce profound effects on these important functions.
Antibacterial Activity and Mechanism of Action of 10-HDA Against <i>Escherichia coli</i>; 10-HDA (10-hydroxy-2-decenoic acid), an unsaturated fatty acid, is the main active component of royal jelly. It has been demonstrated that 10-HDA possesses remarkable antibacterial activities. However, it is unclear in terms of the underlying antibacterial mechanism of 10-HDA. In our study, we showed that 10-HDA has obvious effects against Gram-negative bacteria and its antibacterial activity was not affected by pH and temperature. 10-HDA was shown to change membrane ionic conductivity and resulted in the leakage of K+, Ca2+, and Mg2+ from bacterial cells, suggesting that 10-HDA was able to compromise the integrity of the bacterial membranes. By detecting the 260 nm absorbing materials, it was showed that the membrane integrity was damaged and resulted in the leakage of large molecules. The results suggested that 10-HDA could damage the permeability and integrity of bacterial cell membrane, leading to the outflow of important large molecules from the cell and its eventual death.
The center for Alaska Native Health Research study: A community-based participatory research study of obesity and chronic disease-related protective and risk factors; Objectives. To describe the background, approach and general results of the Center for Alaska Native Health Research (CANHR) study.
Molecular mechanisms of signaling via the docosanoid neuroprotectin D1 for cellular homeostasis and neuroprotection; Docosahexaenoic acid, enriched in the brain and retina, generates docosanoids in response to disruptions of cellular homeostasis. Docosanoids include neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), which is decreased in the CA1 hippocampal area of patients with early-stage Alzheimer's disease (AD). We summarize here how NPD1 elicits neuroprotection by up-regulating c-REL, a nuclear factor (NF)-B subtype that, in turn, enhances expression of BIRC3 (baculoviral inhibitor of apoptosis repeat-containing protein 3) in the retina and in experimental stroke, leading to neuroprotection. Elucidating the mechanisms of action of docosanoids will contribute to managing diseases, including stroke, AD, age-related macular degeneration, traumatic brain injury, Parkinson's disease, and other neurodegenerations.
Lipids in the food of a terrestrial snail; Animals depend on a large set of essential compounds in their food. A reduced supply of specific lipid compounds has been shown to be critical for growth, reproduction and survival of aquatic molluscs and might also be critical for terrestrial gastropods. The effects were investigated of different fatty acid and cholesterol supplies on the growth, reproduction, and survival of the land snail Arianta arbustorum. Surprisingly, differences in diet did not affect shell growth, time to reach adulthood, and reproductive traits such as the number of eggs, dry mass and volume of spermatophores. However, snails reared on low cholesterol diets and low polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) diets decreased their consumption rates and had a higher mortality. Snails fed a PUFA-rich diet showed higher mating activity than snails fed a diet deficient in PUFAs. A depletion of internal PUFA reserves may affect the regulation of mating behaviour because PUFAs play an important role as precursors for signal-transduction involved in the regulation of mating and reproduction. In contrast, when the diets were deficient in cholesterol, mating activity was not affected.
Nutrient patterns and their relationship to metabolic syndrome in Iranian adults; BackgroundThe prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is increasing globally. It is associated with a significant risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
The impact of arginine on bacterial translocation in an intestinal obstruction model in rats; Background & aims: Arginine has been shown to have multiple beneficial metabolic and immunologic effects in stress situations. Supplementation of arginine has been shown to promote wound heating and intestinal mucosal recovery after trauma, ischemia or intestinal resection. Bacterial translocation has also been evaluated although with conflicting results and using different assessing techniques. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of arginine on bacterial translocation in an intestinal obstruction model in rats using Escherichia coli labeled with (99m)Technetium.
Marginal Vitamin B-6 Deficiency Decreases Plasma (n-3) and (n-6) PUFA Concentrations in Healthy Men and Women; Previous animal studies showed that severe vitamin 8-6 deficiency altered fatty acid profiles of tissue lipids, often with an increase of linoleic acid and a decrease of arachidonic acid. However, little is known about the extent to which vitamin B-6 deficiency affects human fatty acid profiles. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of marginal vitamin B-6 deficiency on fatty acid profiles in plasma, erythrocytes, and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) of healthy adults fed a 28-d, low-vitamin 8-6 diet. Healthy participants (n = 23) received a 2-d, controlled, vitamin 8-6 adequate diet followed by a 28-d, vitamin B-6 restricted diet to induce a marginal deficiency. Plasma HDL and LDL cholesterol concentrations, FFA concentrations, and erythrocyte and PBMC membrane fatty acid compositions did not significantly change from baseline after the 28-d restriction. Plasma total arachidonic acid, EPA, and DHA concentrations decreased from (mean +/- SD) 548 +/- 96 to 490 +/- 94 mu mol/L, 37 +/- 13 to 32 +/- 13 mu mol/L, and 121 +/- 28 to 109 +/- 28 mu mol/L positive false discovery rate (pFDR) adjusted P < 0.051, respectively. The total (n-6):(n-3) PUFA ratio in plasma exhibited a minor increase from 15.4 +/- 2.8 to 16.6 +/- 3.1 (pFDR adjusted P < 0.05). These data indicate that short-term vitamin 8-6 restriction decreases plasma (n-3) and (n-6) PUFA concentrations and tends to increase the plasma (n-6):(n-3) PUPA ratio. Such changes in blood lipids may be associated with the elevated risk of cardiovascular disease in vitamin B-6 insufficiency. J. Nutr. 142: 1791-1797, 2012.
Ex vivo low-density lipoprotein oxidizability and in vivo lipid peroxidation in patients on CAPD; Background. Chronic renal failure is associated with accelerated atherosclerosis and a high incidence of cardiovascular disease. Oxidative modification of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is considered a key event in atherogenesis.
The relationship of fatty acids to ischaemic heart disease and lifespan in men and women using Mendelian randomization; Background Observationally, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have health benefits compared with saturated fatty acids (SFAs); randomized controlled trials suggest fewer benefits. We used uni- and multi-variable Mendelian randomization to assess the association of major fatty acids and their sub-species with ischaemic heart disease (IHD) overall and sex-specifically and with lifespan sex-specifically, given differing lifespan by sex. Methods We obtained strong (P <5x10(-8)), independent (r(2)<0.001) genetic predictors of fatty acids from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) in a random subset of 114 999 UK Biobank participants. We applied these genetic predictors to the Cardiogram IHD GWAS (cases = 60 801, controls = 123 504) and to the Finngen consortium GWAS (cases = 31 640, controls = 187 152) for replication and to the UK Biobank for sex-specific IHD and for lifespan based on parental attained age (fathers = 415 311, mothers = 412 937). We used sensitivity analysis and assessed sex differences where applicable. Results PUFAs were associated with IHD [odds ratio 1.23, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.44] and lifespan in men (-0.76 years, 95% CI -1.34 to -0.17) but not women (0.20, 95% CI -0.32 to 0.70). Findings were similar for omega-6 fatty acids and linoleic acid. Independent associations of SFAs, mono-unsaturated fatty acids or omega-3 fatty acids with IHD overall or lifespan in men and women were limited. Conclusions PUFAs, via specific subspecies, may contribute to disparities in lifespan by sex. Sex-specific dietary advice might be a start towards personalized public health and addressing inequities.
Usage patterns, health, and nutritional status of long-term multiple dietary supplement users: a cross-sectional study; Background: Dietary supplement use in the United States is prevalent and represents an important source of nutrition. However, little is known about individuals who routinely consume multiple dietary supplements. This study describes the dietary supplement usage patterns, health, and nutritional status of long-term multiple dietary supplement users, and where possible makes comparisons to non-users and multivitamin/mineral supplement users.
Diet, inflammation, and chronic kidney disease: Getting to the heart of the matter; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of death in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). CVD is now thought to result from the interplay of several factors including inflammation, oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction. Advanced glycation end products (AGE) are known to be elevated in patients with CKD and these compounds possess these pro-oxidant, pro-inflammatory and anti-endothelial properties. There has been a great deal of literature linking diet and inflammation, and recent work has shown the diet to be a significant contributor to the body's AGE pool. We herein hypothesize that a diet high in AGE plays an important role in the initiation of chronic subclinical inflammation that seems to underlie the high prevalence of CVD in CKD patients. Herein we will briefly examine the evidence linking different components of diet with inflammation in CKD patients. We will then focus on the role of dietary AGEs in inflammation and potentially CVD in CKD, and in conclusion, we will propose dietary modifications as part of a multifactorial approach to ameliorate unhealthy lifestyles among CKD patients. The most important message is that simple changes in culinary technique rather than in the food nutrient composition may be the most important part of preventing CVD in this population.
Fish oil for kidney transplant recipients; Background Calcineurin inhibitors used in kidney transplantation for immunosuppression have adverse effects that may contribute to nephrotoxicity and increased cardiovascular risk profile. Fish oils are rich in very long chain omega-3 fatty acids, which may reduce nephrotoxicity by improving endothelial function and reduce rejection rates through their immuno-modulatory effects. They may also modify the cardiovascular risk profile. Hence, fish oils may potentially prolong graft survival and reduce cardiovascular mortality.
LIPOPROTEIN, LECITHIN-CHOLESTEROL ACYL TRANSFERASE AND ACETYL COA CARBOXYLASE IN STROKE-PRONE SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS FED A DIET HIGH IN EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID; To investigate the effect of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on plasma lipoprotein levels, lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activity and liver acetyl CoA carboxylase activity, highly concentrated EPA (78%) purified from sardine oil was fed to stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) for 30 days. Significantly (P < 0.05) lower systolic blood pressure and plasma total cholesterol were observed in rats fed an EPA diet. In addition, higher HDL cholesterol and lower VLDL cholesterol levels were found in rats fed the EPA diet as compared with rats fed the control diet. However, no significant change of plasma LDL cholesterol was observed in rats between the two dietary groups. EPA supplementation increased the activity of plasma LCAT in rats. In addition, rats fed an EPA diet had lower liver total. lipids and adipose tissue weights. However, higher liver acetyl CoA carboxylase activity was observed in rats fed the EPA diet. Results from the present study suggest that dietary EPA might stimulate the plasma lipoprotein metabolism and also alter lipogenesis in the liver of SHRSP rats.
LIPID STORAGE IN CULTURED ARTICULAR CHONDROCYTES DUE TO PROSTANOID PRECURSORS AND A PROSTANOID SYNTHESIS INHIBITOR; Lapine articular chondrocytes were subcultured in the presence or absence of the prostanoid precursors, arachidonic acid or dihomo-.gamma.-linolenic acid, and the cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin. Lipid storage was studied microscopically using the Sudan black staining method. Control chondrocyte cultures showed a weakly positive staining reaction until confluence was reached, at which point the intracytoplasmic lipid content decreased. Both arachidonic acid and dihomo-.gamma.-linolenic acid at 100 .mu.mol/l caused a marked increase in lipid storage which continued even after confluence was achieved. Concentrations of 1 .mu.mol/l were indistinguishable from controls, whereas 10 .mu.mol/l concentrations elicited a slight increase in lipid storage compared with controls. The prostaglandin [PG] cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin did not affect chondrocyte lipid storage. Administration of a prostanoid precursor in the presence of indomethacin caused a massive increase in intracytoplasmic storage of lipid, eventually leading to cell death. Indomethacin may alter chondrocyte lipid metabolism in the presence of substrate molecules by rechanneling lipid synthesis away from the PG pathway to other lipid synthetic pathways.
Docosahexaenoic Acid and Its Derivative Neuroprotectin D1 Display Neuroprotective Properties in the Retina, Brain and Central Nervous System; The significance of the selective enrichment in omega-3 essential fatty acids (docosahexaenoyl - DHA - chains of membrane phospholipids, 22C and 6 double bonds) in the nervous system (e. g. synaptic membranes and dendrites) has remained, until recently, incompletely understood. While studying mechanisms of neuronal survival, we contributed to the discovery of a docosanoid synthesized by 15-lipoxygenase-1 from DHA, which we dubbed neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1; 10R, 17S-dihydroxy-docosa-4Z, 7Z, 11E, 13E, 15E, 19Z hexaenoic acid). NPD1 is a docosanoid because it is derived from a 22C precursor (DHA), unlike eicosanoids, which are derived from the 20C arachidonic acid family of essential fatty acids not enriched in the nervous system. We found that NPD1 is promptly made in response to oxidative stress, seizures and brain ischemia-reperfusion. NPD1 is neuroprotective in experimental brain damage, retinal pigment epithelial cells, and in human brain cells. Thus, NPD1 acts as a protective sentinel, one of the very first defenses activated when cell homeostasis is threatened by neurodegenerations. NPD1 also has been shown to have a specificity and potency that provides beneficial bioactivity during initiation and early progression of neuronal and retinal degenerations, epilepsy and stroke. In short, NPD1 regulation promotes homeostatic regulation of neural circuitry integrity. Copyright (C) 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
In-utero and post-delivery supplementation of motor neuron degeneration mutant mice with polyunsaturated fatty acids does not alter the clinical or pathological course; We have studied the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation in utero and throughout life in mnd mutant mice, a proposed model for juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (CLN-3). Unlike our earlier in-vitro studies in humans with CLN-3, and in-vitro studies in CLN-3 lymphoblasts, we saw no beneficial effects in electroretinographic, electron microscopic or clinical studies in the mnd mice, Electron microscopy of brain revealed a pattern which was not consistent with the characteristic ceroid patterns in CLN-3. Our data suggest that the mnd mouse is not responsive to PUFA supplementation and may not be an appropriate animal model for CLN-3.
Epigenetic Therapies for Heart Failure: Current Insights and Future Potential; Despite the current reductionist approach providing an optimal indication for diagnosis and treatment of patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), there are no standard pharmacological therapies for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF). Although in its infancy in cardiovascular diseases, the epigenetic-based therapy ("epidrugs") is capturing the interest of physician community. In fact, an increasing number of controlled clinical trials is evaluating the putative beneficial effects of: 1) direct epigenetic-oriented drugs, eg, apabetalone, and 2) repurposed drugs with a possible indirect epigenetic interference, eg, metformin, statins, sodium glucose transporter inhibitors 2 (SGLT2i), and omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in both HFrEF and HFpEF, separately. Apabetalone is the first and unique direct epidrug tested in cardiovascular patients to date, and the BETonMACE trial has reported a reduction in first HF hospitalization (any EF value) and cardiovascular death in patients with type 2 diabetes and recent acute coronary syndrome, suggesting a possible role in secondary prevention. Patients with HFpEF seem to benefit from supplementation to the standard therapy with statins, metformin, and SGLT2i owing to their ability in reducing mortality. In contrast, the vasodilator hydralazine, with or without isosorbide dinitrate, did not provide beneficial effects. In HFrEF, metformin and SGLT2i could reduce the risk of incident HF and mortality in affected patients whereas clinical trials based on statins provided mixed results. Furthermore, PUFAs diet supplementation was significantly associated with reduced cardiovascular risk in both HFpEF and HFrEF. Future large trials will reveal whether direct and indirect epitherapy will remain a work in progress or become a useful way to customize the therapy in the real-world management of HFpEF and HFrEF. Our goal is to discuss the recent advancement in the epitherapy as a possible way to improve personalized therapy of HF.
Health outcomes of vegetarian nutrition - an update; Vegetarianism is characterized not by a uniform kind of diet but is practiced in various variants. The two major forms are lacto-ovo-vegetarian and vegan diets. Vegetarians living in Western countries not only differ in their diets but also in their lifestyle from the average population. Vegetarian diets are associated with a 40 - 50 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Also, vegetarians have a 20 - 30 % lower risk of ischemic heart disease. Furthermore, cancer risk is reduced by 8 - 15 % in vegetarians, compared with non-vegetarians. However, there are no significant differences in cancer mortality in vegetarians compared with meat eaters. With respect to bone health, vegetarian diets have no benefits. Also, all-cause mortality did not differ between vegetarians and comparable non-vegetarians. Based on a broad food selection, lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets rich in vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, seeds and nuts, complemented by moderate portions of dairy products and eggs, meets the dietary requirements of adults in the general population (exceptions: Vitamin D and iodine as well as potential deficiencies in iron, zinc and possibly in long-chain omega-3 fatty acids). Risk of nutritional deficiencies is greater by practicing a vegan diet compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets. To avoid nutritional deficiencies, appropriate nutrition knowledge, wider food selection and supplementation of "critical" nutrients or the consumption of fortified foods with Vitamin B-12 and D, iodine and possibly microalgae preparations rich in DHA and EPA is recommended.
A minimum of 3 months of dietary fish oil supplementation is required to raise amygdaloid afterdischarge seizure thresholds in rats - implications for treating complex partial seizures; Complex partial seizures, which typically originate in limbic structures such as the amygdala, are often resistant to antiseizure medications. Our goal was to investigate the effects of chronic dietary supplementation with n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) derived from fish oil on seizure thresholds in the amygdala, as well as on blood and brain PUFA levels. The acute effects of injected n 3 PUFAs - eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) - were also tested in the maximal pentylenetetrazol (PTZ) seizure model. In amygdala-implanted subjects, fish oil supplementation significantly increased amygdaloid afterdischarge thresholds, as compared with controls at 3, 5, and 7 months after the start of supplementation. Fish oil supplementation also increased serum EPA and DHA concentrations. DHA concentration in the pyriform-amygdala area increased in the fish-oil treated group by 17-34%, but this effect did not reach statistical significance (P=0.065). DHA significantly increased the latency to seizure onset in the PTZ seizure model, whereas EPA had no significant effect These observations suggest that chronic dietary fish oil supplementation can raise focal amygdaloid seizure thresholds and that this effect is likely mediated by DHA rather than by EPA. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bempedoic Acid and the Fraudulent Fatty Acid Family: The Gold Rush to Cardiovascular Therapies in the New Millennium; Fraudulent fatty acids (also called abnormal fatty acids) are molecules with structures similar to those of oleic or linolenic acid that activate regulatory pathways in the liver, resulting in enhanced fatty acid catabolism. Named in analogy to "fraudulent nucleosides" used in cancer therapy, they are characterized by elevated hydrophobicity and the frequent presence of carboxylic acid functional groups. These molecules were identified as HDL elevators and entered clinical development in the 2000s as a therapy envisioned to become a breakthrough for reducing cardiovascular risk. For most of them, hopes faded away, except for bempedoic acid, which is now a full-fledged drug that has been approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of dyslipidemia and reduction of cardiovascular risk. In the meantime, a second survivor, gemcabene calcium, has been developed. Although both molecules are gem-dimethyl-substituted long-chain dicarboxylic acids, their process development took different approaches, with bempedoic acid having a smooth development while gemcabene calcium was challenged by polymorphism and particle size distribution. This review is a personal account of how the bempedoic acid molecule was discovered and discusses the synthetic pathways to make it in comparison with its close relative gemcabene calcium.
Dietary fish oil prevents reperfusion Ins(1,4,5)P-3 release in rat heart: Possible antiarrhythmic mechanism; Dietary enrichment with fish oil-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been shown to suppress the arrhythmias that occur during postischemic reperfusion. We have recently implicated a rapid release of D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate [Ins(1,4,5)P-3] during postischemic reperfusion in the generation of these arrhythmias. The effects of dietary supplementation with fish oil on both cardiac Ins(1,4,5)P-3 and arrhythmogenic responses to reperfusion were therefore investigated in perfused rat hearts. Comparisons were made with control and n-6 polyunsaturated or saturated fat-supplemented diets. In control hearts, reperfusion increased Ins(1,4,5)P-3 levels [from 9 +/- 2 at 20 min ischemia to 26 +/- 3 counts per minute (cpm)/mg protein with 2 min of reperfusion] and produced a high incidence of ventricular tachycardia (92% VT) and ventricular fibrillation (85% VF). Dietary fish oil supplementation, which increased composition of n-3 fatty acids in myocardial membrane phospholipids, prevented the reperfusion-induced rise in Ins(1,4,5)P-3 (11 +/- 1 at 20 min ischemia and 12 +/- 2 cpm/mg protein after 2-min reperfusion) and significantly suppressed reperfusion arrhythmias (38% VT, 13% VF; P < 0.01 vs. control group). Thus the inhibition of reperfusion-induced rises in Ins(1,4,5)P-3 by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after dietary fish oil supplementation provides a possible mechanism for the inhibitory effect of n-3 fatty acids on reperfusion-induced arrhythmias.
Efficacy and safety of statin and fibrate combination therapy in lipid management; Adequate control of hyperlipidemia is of paramount importance for prevention of vascular events. Statins and fibrates are well established treatments for hyperlipidemia. Combination therapy with a statin and fibrate offers significant therapeutic advantage for the treatment of severe or refractory mixed hyperlipidemia. Although such a combination does increase the risk of myopathy, with an incidence of approximately 0.12%, this small risk of myopathy rarely outweighs the established morbidity and mortality benefits of achieving lipid goals. Nevertheless, a higher incidence of myopathy has been reported with statin monotherapy. Statin + fibrate therapy should be considered if monotherapy or adding other drugs (e. g. cholesterol absorption inhibitors, omega-3 fatty acids or nicotinic acid) did not achieve lipid targets or is impractical. The current article focuses on recent studies highlighting the beneficial effects of this combination. (C) 2012 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A new strategy in rearing of European flounder: using live <i>Enchytraeus albidus</i> to enhance juvenile growth; This study reports the use of the annelid worm Enchytraeus albidus as a live feed for reared juvenile European flounder, Platichthys flesus. We investigated growth, lipid composition and mortality in small scale (hundreds of fish) and large scale (thousands of fish) rearing. Live Enchytraeus had a relatively low content of the essential omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), but similar levels of other essential fatty acids and amino acids as the normally used commercial dry feed. Despite low DHA levels in live worms, juvenile flounder fed Enchytraeus grew twice as fast as fish fed commercial dry feed. DHA levels in membrane phospholipids of juvenile flounder became depleted when fed Enchytraeus, but this had no apparent negative consequences for development or health of the fish. Our study suggests that the use of Enchytraeus as a live feed for European flounder is feasible at a large scale.
Response to Bistrian BR. Parenteral Fish-Oil Emulsions in Critically Ill COVID-19 Emulsions; In this letter we discuss the proposition of Bristian BR (2020) to use the intravenous administration of fish-oil emulsions in critically ill patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). We consider that immune-modulatory properties of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids, rapidly provided in high amounts by fish-oil emulsions, may be important to change the course of COVID-19's death pathway. Prescriptions should be based on body weight (eg, 0.2-g pure fish-oil lipid emulsion/kg body weight/d) and also should consider combining the parenteral administration of fish-oil emulsions with low oral aspirin intake to trigger resolvin synthesis from EPA and DHA.
Integrating genetics and metabolomics from multi- ethnic and multi-fluid data reveals putative mechanisms for age-related macular degeneration; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a leading cause of blindness in older adults. Investigating shared genetic components between metabolites and AMD can enhance our understanding of its pathogenesis. We conduct metabolite genome-wide association studies (mGWASs) using multi-ethnic genetic and metabolomic data from up to 28,000 participants. With bidirectional Mendelian randomization analysis involving 16,144 advanced AMD cases and 17,832 controls, we identify 108 putatively causal relationships between plasma metabolites and advanced AMD. These metabolites are enriched in glycerophospholipid metabolism, lysophospholipid, triradylcglycerol, and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid pathways. Bayesian genetic colocalization analysis and a customized metabolome-wide association approach prioritize putative causal AMD-associated metabolites. We find limited evidence linking urine metabolites to AMD risk. Our study emphasizes the contribution of plasma metabolites, particularly lipid-related pathways and genes, to AMD risk and uncovers numerous putative causal associations between metabolites and AMD risk.
Health-promoting properties of common herbs; Herbs have been used as food and for medicinal purposes for centuries. Research interest has focused on various herbs that possess hypolipidemic, antiplatelet, antitumor, or immune-stimulating properties that may be useful adjuncts in helping reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer. In different herbs, a wide variety of active phytochemicals, including the flavonoids, terpenoids, lignans, sulfides, polyphenolics, carotenoids, coumarins, saponins, plant sterols, curcumins, and phthalides have been identified. Several of these phytochemicals either inhibit nitrosation or the formation of DNA adducts or stimulate the activity of protective enzymes such as the Phase II enzyme glutathione transferase (EC 2.5.1.18). Research has centered around the biochemical activity of the Allium sp. and the Labiatae, Umbelliferae, and Zingiberaceae families, as well as flaxseed, licorice root, and green tea. Many of these herbs contain potent antioxidant compounds that provide significant protection against chronic diseases. These compounds may protect LDL cholesterol from oxidation, inhibit cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase enzymes, inhibit lipid peroxidation, or have antiviral or antitumor activity. The volatile essential oils of commonly used culinary herbs, spices, and herbal teas inhibit mevalonate synthesis and thereby suppress cholesterol synthesis and tumor growth.
Symposium on 'evidence-based nutrition' - Nutritional modulation of immune function; The inflammatory response to injury and infection, although an essential part of immune function, carries the risk of severe tissue depletion and immunosuppression. These outcomes increase morbidity and delay recovery. Evidence is accumulating that single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the genes controlling pro-inflammatory cytokine production adversely influence the response. Immunonutrition provides a means of modulating the inflammatory response to injury and infection, and thereby improves clinical outcome. n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), glutamine, arginine, S amino acids and nucleotides are important components of immunonutrient mixes. While animal model studies suggest that all these components may exert a beneficial effect inpatients, the number of large randomized placebo-controlled trials utilizing immunonutrition is fairly limited and the observed effects are relatively small. Meta-analyses suggest that while immunonutrition may not reduce mortality rates, a reduction in hospital length of stay, decreased requirements for ventilation and lower infection rates are achieved by this mode of nutrition. The present paper discusses some underlying reasons for the difficulty in demonstrating the clinical efficacy of immunonutrition. Paramount among these reasons is the antioxidant status and genetic background of the patient. A number of studies suggest that there is an inverse relationship between inflammation and T-cell function. Immuno-enhancive effects have been shown in a number of studies in which n-3 PUFA, glutamine and N-acetyl cysteine have been employed. All these nutrients may exert their effects by suppressing inflammation; n-3 PUFA by direct suppression of the process and glutamine and N-acetyl cysteine by acting indirectly on antioxidant status. Glutamine and nucleotides exert a direct effect on lymphocyte proliferation. Preliminary data suggests that not all genotypes are equally sensitive to the effects of immunonutrition. When further studies have been conducted to discern the precise interaction between each individual's genotype of relevance to the response to injury and infection, and immunonutrients, the level of precision in the application of immunonutrition will undoubtedly improve.
Study of <i>Trans</i> Fatty Acid Formation in Oil by Heating Using Model Compounds; The intake of trans fatty acids (TFAs) in foods changes the ratio of low density lipoprotein (LDL) to high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in blood, which causes cardiovascular disease. TFAs are formed by trans isomerization of unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs). The most recognized formation mechanisms of TFAs are hydrogenation of liquid oil to form partially hydrogenated oil (PHO,) and biohydrogenation of UFAs to form TFA in ruminants. Heating oil also forms TFAs; however, the mechanism of formation, and the TFA isomers formed have not been well investigated. In this study, the trans isomerization mechanism of unsaturated fatty acid formation by heating was examined using the model compounds oleic acid, trioleate, linoleic acid, and trilinoleate for liquid plant oil. The formation of TFAs was found to be suppressed by the addition of an antioxidant and argon gas. Furthermore, the quantity of formed TFAs correlated with the quantity of formed polymer in trioleate heated with air and oxygen. These results suggest that radical reactions form TFAs from UFAs by heating. Furthermore, trans isomerization by heating oleic acid and linoleic acid did not change the original double bond positions. Therefore, the distribution of TFA isomers formed was very simple. In contrast, the mixtures of TFA isomers formed from PHO and ruminant UFAs are complicated because migration of double bonds occurs during hydrogenation and biohydrogenation. These findings suggest that trans isomerization by heating is executed by a completely different mechanism than in hydrogenation and biohydrogenation.
Early enteral nutrition in acute pancreatitis -: benefits and limitations; Introduction The application of enteral feeding as part of the treatment of acute pancreatitis goes back more than a decade now. In this review, the authors outline the indications and limitations of enteral feeding in the treatment of acute pancreatitis using up-to-date evidence-based data.
Increased serum cholesterol and long-chain fatty acid levels are associated with the efficacy of nivolumab in patients with non-small cell lung cancer; Background Lipids have immunomodulatory functions and the potential to affect cancer immunity. Methods The associations of pretreatment serum cholesterol and long-chain fatty acids with the objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) were evaluated in 148 patients with non-small cell lung cancer who received nivolumab. Results When each lipid was separately evaluated, increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (P < 0.001), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (P = 0.014), total cholesterol (P = 0.007), lauric acid (P = 0.015), myristic acid (P = 0.022), myristoleic acid (P = 0.035), stearic acid (P = 0.028), linoleic acid (P = 0.005), arachidic acid (P = 0.027), eicosadienoic acid (P = 0.017), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (P = 0.036), and behenic acid levels (P = 0.032) were associated with longer PFS independent of programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression. Meanwhile, increased LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.001), HDL-cholesterol (P = 0.009), total cholesterol (P = 0.036), linoleic acid (P = 0.014), and lignoceric acid levels (P = 0.028) were associated with longer OS independent of PD-L1 expression. When multiple lipids were evaluated simultaneously, LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.003), HDL-cholesterol (P = 0.036), and lauric acid (P = 0.036) were independently predictive of PFS, and LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.008) and HDL-cholesterol (P = 0.031) were predictive of OS. ORR was not associated with any serum lipid. Conclusions Based on the association of prolonged survival in patients with increased serum cholesterol and long-chain fatty acid levels, serum lipid levels may be useful for predicting the efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy.
Molecular Mechanisms of Depression: Perspectives on New Treatment Strategies; Depression is a multicausal disorder and has been associated with the risk to develop cancer, dementia, diabetes, epilepsy and stroke. As a metabolic disorder depression has been associated with obesity, diabetes, insulin sensitivity, neuropeptide Y, glucose regulation, poor glycemic control, glucagone-like peptide-1, cholezystokinin, ghrelin, leptin, the endocannabinoid system, insulin-like growth factor and gastrin-releasing peptide. As a cardiovascular disease a close relationship exists between depression and blood pressure, heart rate, norepinephrine, sympathetic tone, vascular resistance, blood viscosity, plasma volume, intima thickness and atherosclerosis. Additionally blood coagulation, fibrinolysis, D-dimers, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 protein, platelet activation, VEGF, plasma nitric oxide and its synthase are changed in depressed patients. As an endocrinological and stress disorder depression has been connected with the concentration of free T-4, TSH, CRH, arginine vasopressin, corticotrophin, corticosteroid release and ACTH. Depression as an inflammatory disorder is mediated by pro-inflammatory cytokines, interleukin-1, interleukin-6, TNF-alpha, soluble interleukin-2 receptors, interferon-alpha, interleukin 8, interleukin-10, hs-CRP, acute phase proteins, haptoglobin, toll like receptor 4, interleukin-1beta, mammalian target of rapamycin pathway, substance P, cyclooxygenase-2, prostaglandin-E2, lipid peroxidation levels and acid sphingomyelinase. Nutritional factors might influence depression risk, i.e. the consumption of folate, omega-3 fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, olive oil, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. The neurodegenerative hypothesis of depression explains decreased hippocampal volumes in depressed patients and changes of neurotrophic support by BDNF, erythropoietin, GDNF, FGF-2, NT3, NGF and growth hormone. In this context, a fast neuroprotective and antidepressant effect has also been observed by ketamine, which acts via the glutamatergic system. Hence, GABA, AMPA, EAAT, NMDA- and metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR1 to mGluR8) have gained interest in depression recently. Alternative, causative or also easy available treatment strategies beyond serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibition might be a major topic of future psychiatric care. In this review, an attempt is made to overview concepts of the disease and search for perspectives on antidepressant treatment strategies beyond approved medications. Copyright (c) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Macronutrients intake and risk of Parkinson's disease: A meta-analysis; Aims: We carried out a meta-analysis to summarize the evidence from published studies on macronutrients intake and risk of Parkinson's disease (PD).
Influence of different supplementation on platelet aggregation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; Introduction Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs; eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) have been reported to reduce platelet aggregation. Our aim was to prospectively assess the potential influence of different supplementation omega-3 PUFA on the antiplatelet effects in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients. Methods The study included 60 patients with RA at the Department of Rheumatology, Clinical Center Kragujevac. Patients were divided into three groups depending on who used concentrated fish oil only or concentrated fish oil in combination with evening primrose oil or control group without supplementation in a period of 3 months. Platelet aggregation was measured using the multiplate analyzer and expressed through the value of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) test, aranchidonic acid-induced aggregation (ASPI) test, thrombin receptor-activating peptide (TRAP) test (to assess baseline platelet aggregation), and the ratio of ADP/TRAP and ASPI/TRAP representing the degree of inhibition of platelet aggregation compared to the basal value. The platelet function analysis in whole blood was performed 18-24 h before starting supplementation and after 90 days. Considerations were taken in the representation of demographic, clinical characteristics, and laboratory parameters between the groups. Results Patients who used concentrated fish oil only had a significantly lower value of the ratio of ADP/TRAP (0.68 +/- 0.20) compared to patients without supplementation (0.83 +/- 0.12; p = 0.008), while there was no statistically significant difference in values of other laboratory parameters of platelet function between other groups. Conclusions Co-administration of supplementation-concentrated fish oil may reduce platelet aggregation in adults with RA.
Docosahexaenoic acid has influence on action potentials and transient outward potassium currents of ventricular myocytes; Background: There are many reports about the anti-arrhythmic effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, however, the mechanisms are still not completely delineated. The purpose of this study was to investigate the characteristics of action potentials and transient outward potassium currents (I-to) of Sprague-Dawley rat ventricular myocytes and the effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on action potentials and I-to.
New antiarrhythmic drugs for treatment of atrial fibrillation; Inadequacies in current therapies for atrial fibrillation have made new drug development crucial. Conventional antiarrhythmic drugs increase the risk of ventricular proarrhythmia. In drug development, the focus has been on favourable multichannel-blocking profiles, atrial-specific ion-channels, and novel non-channel targets (upstream therapy). Molecular modification of the highly effective multichannel blocker, amiodarone, to improve safety and tolerability has produced promising analogues such as dronedarone, although this drug seems less effective than does amiodarone. Vernakalant, an atrial-selective drug with reduced proarrhythmic risk, might be useful for cardioversion in atrial fibrillation. Ranolazine, another atrial-selective agent initially developed as an antianginal, has efficacy for atrial fibrillation and is being tested in prospective clinical trials. So-called upstream therapy with angiotensin-converting enzyme and angiotensin-receptor inhibitors, statins, or omega-3 fatty acids and fish oil that target atrial remodelling could be effective, but need further clinical validation. We focus on the basic and clinical pharmacology of newly emerging antiarrhythmic drugs and non-traditional approaches such as upstream therapy for atrial fibrillation.
Beta-blocker, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor blocker, nitrate-hydralazine, diuretics, aldosterone antagonist, ivabradine, devices and digoxin (BANDAID<SUP>2</SUP>): an evidence-based mnemonic for the treatment of systolic heart failure; Heart failure causes significant morbidity and mortality, with recognised underutilisation rates of guideline-based therapies. Our aim was to review current evidence for heart failure treatments and derive a mnemonic summarising best practice, which might assist physicians in patient care. Treatments were identified for review from multinational society guidelines and recent randomised trials, with a primary aim of examining their effects in systolic heart failure patients on mortality, hospitalisation rates and symptoms. Secondary aims were to consider other clinical benefits. MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched using a structured keyword strategy and the retrieved articles were evaluated methodically to produce an optimised reference list for each treatment. We devised the mnemonic BANDAID2, standing for beta-blocker, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor blocker, nitrate-hydralazine (or potentially neprilysin inhibitor), diuretics, aldosterone antagonist, ivabradine, devices (automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator, cardiac resynchronisation therapy or both) and digoxin as a representation of treatments with strong evidence for their use in systolic heart failure. Treatment with omega-3 fatty acids, statins or anti-thrombotic therapies has limited benefits in a general heart failure population. Adoption of this mnemonic for current evidence-based treatments for heart failure may help improve prescribing rates and patient outcomes in this debilitating, high mortality condition.
Unique lipid composition maintained by extracellular blockade leads to prooncogenicity; Lipid-mediated inflammation is involved in the development and malignancy of cancer. We previously demonstrated the existence of a novel oncogenic mechanism utilizing membrane lipids of extracellular vesicles in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-positive lymphomas and found that the lipid composition of lymphoma cells is skewed toward omega-3 fatty acids, which are anti-inflammatory lipids, suggesting an alteration in systemic lipid composition. The results showed that arachidonic acid (AA), an inflammatory lipid, was significantly reduced in the infected cells but detected at high levels in the sera of EBV-positive patients lead to the finding of the blockade of extracellular AA influx by downregulating FATP2, a long-chain fatty acid transporter that mainly transports AA in EBV-infected lymphoma cells. Low AA levels in tumor cells induced by downregulation of FATP2 expression confer resistance to ferroptosis and support tumor growth. TCGA data analysis and xenograft models have demonstrated that the axis plays a critical role in several types of cancers, especially poor prognostic cancers, such as glioblastoma and melanoma. Overall, our in vitro, in vivo, in silico, and clinical data suggest that several cancers exert oncogenic activity by maintaining their special lipid composition via extracellular blockade.
Ichthyotoxicity of <i>Chattonella marina</i> (Raphidophyceae) to damselfish (<i>Acanthochromis polycanthus</i>):: the synergistic role of reactive oxygen species and free fatty acids; This investigation aimed to elucidate the relative roles of putative brevetoxins, reactive oxygen species and free fatty acids as the toxic principle of the raphidophyte Chattonella marina, using damselfish as the bioassay. Our investigations on Australian C. marina demonstrated an absence or only very low concentrations of brevetoxin-like compounds by radio-receptor binding assay and liquid chromatography-mass spectroscopy techniques. Chattonella is unique in its ability to produce levels of reactive oxygen species 100 times higher than most other algal species. However, high levels of superoxide on their own were found not to cause fish mortalities. Lipid analysis revealed this raphidophyte to contain high concentrations of the polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 18-23% of fatty acids), which has demonstrated toxic properties to marine organisms. Using damselfish as a model organism, we demonstrated that the free fatty acid (FFA) form of EPA produced a mortality and fish behavioural response similar to fish exposed to C. marina cells. This effect was not apparent when fish were exposed to other lipid fractions including a triglyceride containing fish oil, docosahexaenoate-enriched ethyl ester, or pure brevetoxin standards. The presence of superoxide together with low concentrations of EPA accelerated fish mortality rate threefold. We conclude that the enhancement of ichthyotoxicity of EPA in the presence of superoxide can account for the high C. marina fish killing potential. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V All rights reserved.
Effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial lipaemia, haemostatic and related CVD risk factors in healthy men; Objective: To investigate the effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Free fatty acid concentrations in gallbladder bile collected from Chilean patients with gallstones; Objectives: To evaluate the association between gallstones and biliary free fatty acids (FFAs) as the first attempt to clarify whether biliary FFAs relate to developing gallbladder cancer (GBC) in Chile, which has the highest mortality rate in the world.
Molecular Mechanisms of Apoptosis Induction and Its Regulation by Fatty Acids in Pancreatic β-Cells; Pancreatic beta-cell failure and death contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. One of the main factors responsible for beta-cell dysfunction and subsequent cell death is chronic exposure to increased concentrations of FAs (fatty acids). The effect of FAs seems to depend particularly on the degree of their saturation. Saturated FAs induce apoptosis in pancreatic beta-cells, whereas unsaturated FAs are well tolerated and are even capable of inhibiting the pro-apoptotic effect of saturated FAs. Molecular mechanisms of apoptosis induction by saturated FAs in beta-cells are not completely elucidated. Saturated FAs induce ER stress, which in turn leads to activation of all ER stress pathways. When ER stress is severe or prolonged, apoptosis is induced. The main mediator seems to be the CHOP transcription factor. Via regulation of expression/activity of pro- and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family members, and potentially also through the increase in ROS production, CHOP switches on the mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis induction. ER stress signalling also possibly leads to autophagy signalling, which may activate caspase-8. Saturated FAs activate or inhibit various signalling pathways, i.e., p38 MAPK signalling, ERK signalling, ceramide signalling, Akt signalling and PKC delta signalling. This may lead to the activation of the mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis, as well. Particularly, the inhibition of the pro-survival Akt signalling seems to play an important role. This inhibition may be mediated by multiple pathways (e.g., ER stress signalling, PKC delta and ceramide) and could also consequence in autophagy signalling. Experimental evidence indicates the involvement of certain miRNAs in mechanisms of FA-induced beta-cell apoptosis, as well. In the rather rare situations when unsaturated FAs are also shown to be pro-apoptotic, the mechanisms mediating this effect in beta-cells seem to be the same as for saturated FAs. To conclude, FA-induced apoptosis rather appears to be preceded by complex cross talks of multiple signalling pathways. Some of these pathways may be regulated by decreased membrane fluidity due to saturated FA incorporation. Few data are available concerning molecular mechanisms mediating the protective effect of unsaturated FAs on the effect of saturated FAs. It seems that the main possible mechanism represents a rather inhibitory intervention into saturated FA-induced pro-apoptotic signalling than activation of some pro-survival signalling pathway(s) or metabolic interference in beta-cells. This inhibitory intervention may be due to an increase of membrane fluidity.
Characterization of a patient-derived variant of GPX4 for precision therapy; Glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4), as the only enzyme in mammals capable of reducing esterified phospholipid hydroperoxides within a cellular context, protects cells from ferroptosis. We identified a homozygous point mutation in the GPX4 gene, resulting in an R152H coding mutation, in three patients with Sedaghatian-type spondylometaphyseal dysplasia. Using structure-based analyses and cell models, including patient fibroblasts, of this variant, we found that the missense variant destabilized a critical loop, which disrupted the active site and caused a substantial loss of enzymatic function. We also found that the R152H variant of GPX4 is less susceptible to degradation, revealing the degradation mechanism of the GPX4 protein. Proof-of-concept therapeutic treatments, which overcome the impaired R152H GPX4 activity, including selenium supplementation, selective antioxidants and a deuterated polyunsaturated fatty acid were identified. In addition to revealing a general approach to investigating rare genetic diseases, we demonstrate the biochemical foundations of therapeutic strategies targeting GPX4.
Mercury, selenium and fish oils in marine food webs and implications for human health; Humans who eat fish are exposed to mixtures of healthful nutrients and harmful contaminants that are influenced by environmental and ecological factors. Marine fisheries are composed of a multitude of species with varying life histories, and harvested in oceans, coastal waters and estuaries where environmental and ecological conditions determine fish exposure to both nutrients and contaminants. Many of these nutrients and contaminants are thought to influence similar health outcomes (i.e., neurological, cardiovascular, immunological systems). Therefore, our understanding of the risks and benefits of consuming seafood require balanced assessments of contaminants and nutrients found in fish and shellfish. In this paper, we review some of the reported benefits of fish consumption with a focus on the potential hazards of mercury exposure, and compare the environmental variability of fish oils, selenium and mercury in fish. A major scientific gap identified is that fish tissue concentrations are rarely measured for both contaminants and nutrients across a range of species and geographic regions. Interpreting the implications of seafood for human health will require a better understanding of these multiple exposures, particularly as environmental conditions in the oceans change.
Interactions between canola meal and flaxseed oil in the diets of White Lohmann hens on fatty acid profile and sensory characteristics of table eggs; The current study was designed to assess the fatty acid composition and sensory attributes of eggs procured from hens consuming diets containing canola meal (CM) and/or flax oil (FO). A total of 96 group-caged White Lohmann hens received 1 of 4 isonitrogenous and isoenergetic diets for a period of 4 weeks. Diets were arranged in a 2 x 2 factorial design, containing 24% canola meal, 7.5% flax oil, both, or neither (control). All yolk fatty acids were affected by flax oil inclusion, with the exception of stearic acid (SA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). Only SA was affected by CM inclusion. Additionally, significant interactions between CM and FO were observed for linoleic acid (LA) and total omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), with DPA approaching significance (P = 0.069). Trained panelists (n = 8) evaluated 7 aroma ('egg', 'creamy', 'buttery', 'salty', 'sweet', 'barny', and 'oceanic') and 6 flavor ('egg', 'creamy', 'buttery', 'salty', 'brothy', and 'oceanic') attributes of cooked egg product. No significant differences (P>0.05) in aroma attributes were found between eggs from different dietary treatments. However, egg, creamy, buttery, and oceanic flavors were significantly different between the dietary treatments (P<0.05). While oceanic flavor significantly increased with inclusion of FO, egg and creamy flavors showed a significant decrease (P<0.05). Although CM addition alone did not result in significant sensory changes, the pairing of CM and FO resulted in even greater sensory changes than using FO alone, specifically with regard to egg flavor. Results from partial least squares analyses showed a strong association between oceanic flavor and omega-3 PUFA. Oppositely, egg, creamy, and buttery flavors were more correlated with the presence of omega-6 PUFA and palmitic acid. This experiment provides evidence that the interaction between CM and FO in the White Lohmann hen diet results in sensory changes of cooked eggs associated in part with changes in yolk fatty acid content.
Pharmacological treatment options for severe hypertriglyceridemia and familial chylomicronemia syndrome; Introduction: A spectrum of disorders, ranging from rare severe cases of homozygous null lipoprotein lipase deficiency (LPLD)-familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) to heterozygous missense LPLD or polygenic causes, result in hypertriglyceridemia and pancreatitis. The effects of mutations are exacerbated by environmental factors such as diet, pregnancy, and insulin resistance.
Is 3-Carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropionate (CMPF) a Clinically Relevant Uremic Toxin in Haemodialysis Patients?; 3-Carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropionate (CMPF) is a metabolite of furan fatty acid and a marker of fish oil intake. CMPF is described as a protein-bound uremic toxin and interacts with free oxygen radicals, which can induce cell damages. However, the clinical consequences of CMPF accumulation in haemodialysis patients remain poorly documented. The aims of this study are to investigate potential association between CMPF levels and (i) biochemical and nutritional parameters; (ii) cardiovascular events and (iii) mortality. Two hundred and fifty-two patients undergoing maintenance haemodialysis were included. Routine clinical biochemistry tests and assay for CMPF by HPLC technique were performed at the inclusion. Body composition parameters were measured using a bioimpedance spectroscopy method. The enrolled patients were prospectively monitored for cardiovascular events and mortality. CMPF level was positively correlated with nutritional parameters and lean mass and is significantly higher in patients without protein-energy wasting. However, the multivariate linear regression analysis indicated that CMPF level was not independently associated with albumin, prealbumin, creatinemia and body mass index. Elevated serum CMPF was not associated with mortality and cardiovascular morbidity. Our results indicate that CMPF is not a relevant uremic toxin in haemodialysis and in contrast could be a marker of healthy diet and omega 3 intakes.
Targets for the Prevention of Dementia; The prevalence of dementia is expected to increase dramatically over the upcoming decades due to the aging population. Since treatment is still short of a cure, preventative strategies are of the utmost importance. Stimulating activity (cognitive, physical, and social), vascular risk factors, and diet may be important in preventative strategies. Dementia risk may be modified by participation in stimulating activities. One study suggested that the cognitive, physical, and social components of activity were of equal importance to cognitive outcomes. However, while exercise interventions appear to benefit global cognition, the benefits from cognitive training appear to be domain specific. People with vascular risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and obesity) appear to be at higher risk for dementia than those without in observational and clinical trials. Controlled trials suggest that vascular risk management via some pharmaceutical interventions may benefit cognition, though results are inconsistent. Finally, people who adhere to a Mediterranean diet or who have high intake of antioxidants and omega-3 fatty acids have reduced likelihood of dementia in observational studies. However, supplementation in controlled trials has not generally proved successful at improving cognitive outcomes. A single supplement may be insufficient to prevent dementia; it may be that the overall diet is more important. Future large randomized controlled studies should examine whether interventions can reduce the risk of dementia and whether combining cognitive, physical, and social activity, vascular risk reduction, and dietary interventions might have additive or multiplicative effects.
Effect of evening primrose oil supplementation on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background Studies have shown that evening primrose oil (EPO) supplementation might be effective in improving lipid profile, however, the results are inconsistent. This study was performed to determine the direction and magnitude of the EPO effect on the lipid profile.
Evidence-based antenatal interventions to reduce the incidence of small vulnerable newborns and their associated poor outcomes; A package of care for all pregnant women within eight scheduled antenatal care contacts is recommended by WHO. Some interventions for reducing and managing the outcomes for small vulnerable newborns (SVNs) exist within the WHO package and need to be more fully implemented, but additional effective measures are needed. We summarise evidence-based antenatal and intrapartum interventions (up to and including clamping the umbilical cord) to prevent vulnerable births or improve outcomes, informed by systematic reviews. We estimate, using the Lives Saved Tool, that eight proven preventive interventions (multiple micronutrient supplementation, balanced protein and energy supplementation, low-dose aspirin, progesterone provided vaginally, education for smoking cessation, malaria prevention, treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria, and treatment of syphilis), if fully implemented in 81 low-income and middle-income countries, could prevent 5 center dot 202 million SVN births (sensitivity bounds 2 center dot 398-7 center dot 903) and 0 center dot 566 million stillbirths (0 center dot 208-0 center dot 754) per year. These interventions, along with two that can reduce the complications of preterm (<37 weeks' gestation) births (antenatal corticosteroids and delayed cord clamping), could avert 0 center dot 476 million neonatal deaths (0 center dot 181-0 center dot 676) per year. If further research substantiates the preventive effect of three additional interventions (supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, and zinc) on SVN births, about 8 center dot 369 million SVN births (2 center dot 398-13 center dot 857) and 0 center dot 652 million neonatal deaths (0 center dot 181-0 center dot 917) could be avoided per year. Scaling up the eight proven interventions and two intrapartum interventions would cost about US$1 center dot 1 billion in 2030 and the potential interventions would cost an additional $3 center dot 0 billion. Implementation of antenatal care recommendations is urgent and should include all interventions that have proven effects on SVN babies, within the context of access to family planning services and addressing social determinants of health. Attaining high effective coverage with these interventions will be necessary to achieve global targets for the reduction of low birthweight births and neonatal mortality, and long-term benefits on growth and human capital.
DNA methylation-based estimator of telomere length; Telomere length (TL) is associated with several aging-related diseases. Here, we present a DNA methylation estimator of TL (DNAmTL) based on 140 CpGs. Leukocyte DNAmTL is applicable across the entire age spectrum and is more strongly associated with age than measured leukocyte TL (LTL) (r (similar to)-0.75 for DNAmTL versus r (similar to) -0.35 for LTL). Leukocyte DNAmTL outperforms LTL in predicting: i) time-to-death (p=2.5E-20), ii) time-tocoronary heart disease (p=6.6E-5), iii) time-to-congestive heart failure (p=3.5E-6), and iv) association with smoking history (p=1.21E-17). These associations are further validated in large scale methylation data (n=10k samples) from the Framingham Heart Study, Women's Health Initiative, Jackson Heart Study, InChianti, Lothian Birth Cohorts, Twins UK, and Bogalusa Heart Study. Leukocyte DNAmTL is also associated with measures of physical fitness/functioning (p=0.029), age-at-menopause (p=0.039), dietary variables (omega 3, fish, vegetable intake), educational attainment (p=3.3E-8) and income (p=3.1E-5). Experiments in cultured somatic cells show that DNAmTL dynamics reflect in part cell replication rather than TL per se. DNAmTL is not only an epigenetic biomarker of replicative history of cells, but a useful marker of age-related pathologies that are associated with it.
Risk-Benefit Analysis of Seafood Consumption: A Review; Seafood, defined here as marine and freshwater fish and shellfish, is recognized as a healthy food choice because it is a low-fat protein source that provides long-chain omega-3 fatty acids important for early development along with eye and heart health. However, seafood is also known to contain certain contaminants, such as methylmercury and persistent organic pollutants, which can have harmful effects on human health and development. In order to limit exposure to contaminants while maximizing the benefits of seafood consumption, a number of quantitative and qualitative risk-benefit analyses have been conducted for seafood consumption. This review paper provides a brief background on risk-benefit analysis of foods, followed by a discussion of the risks and benefits associated with fish consumption. Next, risk-benefit analyses are reviewed in an historical context. While risk-benefit analysis consists of three main elements (that is, assessment, management, and communication), this review will primarily focus on risk-benefit assessments. Overall, most studies have found that the benefits far outweigh the risks among the general population, especially when a variety of fish is consumed at least twice per week. However, for certain populations (for example, pregnant women and young children) a more targeted approach is warranted in order to ensure that these groups consume fish that are low in contaminants but high in omega-3 fatty acids. The potentially harmful unintended consequences of risk-benefit communication on the general population and certain groups are also discussed.
Effect of fatty acids on leukocyte function; Fatty acids have various effects on immune and inflammatory responses, acting as intracellular and intercellular mediators. Polyunsaturated Fatty acids (PUFAs) of the omega-3 family have overall suppressive effects, inhibiting lymphocyte proliferation, antibody and cytokine production, adhesion molecule expression, natural killer cell activity and triggering cell death. The omega-6 PUFAs have both inhibitory and stimulatory effects. The most studied of these is arachidonic acid that can be oxidized to eicosanoids, such as prostaglandins, leukotrienes and thromboxanes, all of which are potent mediators of inflammation. Nevertheless, it has been found that many of the effects of PUFA on immune and inflammatory responses are not dependent on eicosanoid generation. Fatty acids have also been found to modulate phagocytosis, reactive oxygen species production, cytokine production and leukocyte migration, also interfering with antigen presentation by macrophages. The importance of fatty acids in immune function has been corroborated by many clinical trials in which patients show improvement when submitted to fatty acid supplementation. Several mechanisms have been proposed to explain fatty acid modulation of immune response, such as changes in membrane fluidity and signal transduction pathways, regulation of gene transcription, protein acylation, and calcium release. In this review, evidence is presented to support the proposition that changes in cell metabolism also Flay an important role in the effect of fatty acids on leukocyte functioning, as fatty acids regulate glucose and glutamine metabolism and mitochondrial depolarization.
The effect of maternal linseed supplementation and/or lamb linseed supplementation on muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissue fatty acid composition of indoor lambs; Eighty eight lambs were used in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement 1) to investigate the effect of maternal dietary linseed supplementation and/or lamb linseed supplemented concentrate on growth performance, carcass fat quality and fatty acid (FA) composition of muscle and dorsal adipose tissue of indoor lambs 2) to study the relationships between subcutaneous fat quality and FA composition. Feeding linseed to ewes increased C18:3 n-3 (ALA) proportion in milk and therefore the ALA supply to suckling lambs. However, ALA and n-3 polyunsaturated FA (n-3 PUFA) proportions in lamb tissues were not affected. Feeding linseed to lambs during the post-weaning period significantly increased the proportions of ALA and n-3 PUFA in tissues. Softer and more colored fat was associated with a decrease in even medium-chain saturated FA and increases in odd and methyl FA proportions but not with AEA proportion in subcutaneous adipose tissue. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mediterranean diet and cardioprotection: The role of nitrite, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polyphenols; The continually increasing rate of myocardial infarction (MI) in the Western world at least partly can be explained by a poor diet lacking in green vegetables, fruits, and fish and enriched in food that contains saturated fat. In contrast, a number of epidemiologic studies provide strong evidence highlighting the cardioprotective benefits of the Mediterranean diet enriched in green vegetables, fruits, fish, and grape wine. Regular consumption of these products leads to an accumulation of nitrate/nitrite/NO, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and polyphenolic compounds, such as resveratrol, in the human body. Studies have confirmed that these constituents are bioactive exogenous mediators, which induce strong protection against MI. The aim of this review is to provide a critical, in-depth analysis of the cardioprotective pathways mediated by nitrite/NO, PUFA, and phenolic compounds of grape wines discovered in the recent years, including cross-talk between different mechanisms and compounds. Overall, these findings may facilitate the design and synthesis of novel therapeutic tools for the treatment of MI. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
GPR120 induces regulatory dendritic cells by inhibiting HK2-dependent glycolysis to alleviate fulminant hepatic failure; Fulminant hepatic failure (FHF) is a potentially fatal liver disease that is associated with intrahepatic infiltration of inflammatory cells. As the receptor of polyunsaturated long chain fatty acids, GPR120 can regulate cell differentiation, proliferation, metabolism, and immune response. However, whether GPR120 is involved in FHF remains unknown. Using Propionibacterium acnes (P. acnes)-primed, LPS-induced FHF in mice, we found that interference with GPR120 activity using pharmacological agonist attenuated the severity of the liver injury and mortality of FHF in mice, while a lack of GPR120 exacerbated the disease. GPR120 activation potently alleviated FHF and led to decreased T helper (Th) 1 cell response and expansion of regulatory T cells (Tregs). Interestingly, GPR120 agonist didn't directly target T cells, but dramatically induced a distinct population of CD11c(+)MHC II(low)CD80(low)CD86(low) regulatory DCs in the livers of FHF mice. GPR120 was found to restrict HIF-1 alpha-dependent glycolysis. The augmented HIF-1 alpha stabilization caused by GPR120 antagonism or deletion could be attenuated by the inhibition of ERK or by the activation of AMPK. Through the analysis of the clinical FHF, we further confirmed the activation of GPR120 was negatively associated with the severity in patients. Our findings indicated that GPR120 activation has therapeutic potential in FHF. Strategies to target GPR120 using agonists or free fatty acids (FFAs) may represent a novel approach to FHF treatment.
Japan Diet Intake Changes Serum Phospholipid Fatty Acid Compositions in Middle-Aged Men: A Pilot Study; Aim: The Japan Diet nutritional education program effects on serum fatty acid compositions for prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in middle-aged men brought up in the westernized dietary environment of modern Japan were examined.
High carbohydrate diets are positively associated with the risk of metabolic syndrome irrespective to fatty acid composition in women: the KNHANES 2007-2014; We evaluated that carbohydrates and fatty acids intake modifies the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and we also determined gender-nutrient interaction in 38,766 adults in KNHANES (2007-2014). Carbohydrate intake was positively associated, and fat intake inversely associated, with the incidence of MetS. The association exhibited a gender interaction with the macronutrient intake; this association was significant in females. Furthermore, saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intakes were inversely associated with MetS risk and only females showed the positive association. Both n-3 and n-6 fatty acids intake showed inverse associations with MetS risk, similar to PUFA intake. Among the MetS components, serum triglyceride levels and blood pressure had significant inverse associations with fatty acid intake irrespective of fatty acid types and exhibited a gender interaction. In conclusions, high carbohydrate intakes (>= 74.2 En%) may increase the MetS risk and moderate fat intakes (>= 20.7 En%), irrespective of fat types, may decrease it. These associations were significant only in women.
Dietary fat types consumption association with obesity and coronary indices; This article aims to study the different dietary fat types associated with obesity and coronary indices. A sample of 491 healthy adults was included in a cross-sectional manner. Dietary fats intake, obesity indices (conicity index (CI), body adiposity index (BAI), abdominal volume index (AVI), body roundness index (BRI), and weight-adjusted-waist index (WWI)), and cardiovascular indices (cardiometabolic index (CMI), lipid accumulation product (LAP), and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP)) were calculated and studied. Participants with an acceptable intake of omega-3 had a higher BRI score (1.90 +/- 0.06 v. 1.70 +/- 0.06). Participants with an unacceptable intake of cholesterol had a higher CI (1.31 +/- 0.11 v. 1.28 +/- 0.12; P = 0.011), AVI (20.24 +/- 5.8 v. 18.33 +/- 6.0; P < 0.001), BRI (2.00 +/- 1.01 v. 1.70 +/- 1.00; P = 0.003), WWI (11.00 +/- 0.91 v. 10.80 +/- 0.97; P = 0.032), and lower AIP (0.46 +/- 0.33 v. 0.53 +/- 0.33; P = 0.024). Total fat, saturated fat (SFA), and polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) intake had a significant moderate correlation with AVI and BRI. The monounsaturated fat (MUFA) intake had a significantly weak correlation with CI, AVI, BRI, WWI, and AIP. Cholesterol and omega-6 had weak correlations with all indices. Similar correlations were seen among male and female participants. The different types of fat intake significantly affected obesity and coronary indices, especially SFA and PUFA, as well as omega-3 and cholesterol. Gender and the dietary type of fat intake have a relationship to influence the indicators of both obesity and coronary indices.
Association of serum n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with lipids in 3 populations of middle-aged men; Background: The association of serum polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with lipids in different populations is not known.
High-throughput quantification of circulating metabolites improves prediction of subclinical atherosclerosis; High-throughput metabolite quantification holds promise for cardiovascular risk assessment. Here, we evaluated whether metabolite quantification by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) improves prediction of subclinical atherosclerosis in comparison to conventional lipid testing.
Fish oil for kidney transplant recipients; Background
Plasma fatty acid composition and incident heart failure in middle-aged adults: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study; Background Some previous prospective studies showed that dietary intake of w3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was associated with lower risk of heart failure (HF), but no study has examined the association between plasma fatty acids and HF.
Methylmercury Exposure and Incident Diabetes in US Men and Women in Two Prospective Cohorts; OBJECTIVEEmerging in vitro and animal evidence suggests that methylmercury could increase type 2 diabetes, but little evidence exists in humans. We aimed to prospectively determine associations of mercury exposure, as assessed by biomarker measurement, with incident diabetes.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSWe used neutron activation analysis to measure toenail mercury, an objective biomarker of methylmercury exposure, in 9,267 adults free of diabetes at baseline in two separate U.S. prospective cohorts. Incident diabetes was identified from biennial questionnaires and confirmed by validated supplementary questionnaire using symptoms, diagnostic tests, and medical therapy. Associations of mercury exposure with incident diabetes were assessed using Cox proportional hazards.RESULTSDuring mean SD follow-up of 19.7 +/- 7.0 years, 1,010 new cases of diabetes were diagnosed. The 95th percentile of toenail mercury was 1.32 g/g in men and 0.76 g/g in women, corresponding to exposures approximate to 3.5-fold and 2-fold higher than the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reference dose. In multivariable analyses, toenail mercury concentrations were not associated with higher incidence of diabetes in women, men, or both cohorts combined. Comparing the highest to lowest quintile of exposure, the hazard ratio (95% CI) for incident diabetes was 0.86 (0.66-1.11) in women, 0.69 (0.42-1.15) in men, and 0.77 (0.61-0.98) in the combined cohorts. Findings were similar when more extreme categories (deciles) of mercury were compared, and in analyses stratified by fish or omega-3 consumption, BMI, and age.CONCLUSIONSThese findings from two separate large prospective cohorts do not support adverse effects of methylmercury on development of diabetes in men or women at usual levels of exposure seen in these populations.
Vitamin E, Alpha-Tocopherol, and Its Effects on Depression and Anxiety: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Recently, it has been discovered that anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative pathways play a role in depression and anxiety. Lower serum levels of antioxidants, such as vitamin E, have been implicated in both depression and anxiety. Methods: This PROSPERO-registered systematic review (Reference: CRD42021260058) is reported according to PRISMA guidelines. PubMed, EMBASE, CENTRAL, PsycINFO, and CINAHL were searched from inception to June 2021. Results: Twelve studies were included in this systematic review, and nine in meta-analysis of vitamin E versus placebo. For depression, meta-analysis of 354 participants showed a standardised mean difference of -0.88 (95% CI: -1.54, -0.21; I2 = 87%) favouring vitamin E. For anxiety, meta-analysis of 306 participants showed a standardised mean difference of -0.86 (95% CI: -2.11, 0.40; I2 = 95%) favouring vitamin E. Three of the studies involved a pure comparison of vitamin E against placebo, while others included constituents such as omega-3 fatty acids. Nine of the studies were at low risk of bias, two had some concerns, and one was at high risk of bias. Conclusion: Vitamin E supplementation has shown inconclusive results in ameliorating both depression and anxiety. Containing a reassuring safety profile and low cost, future studies would be of promise, and they would benefit from both larger sample sizes and from excluding other constituents, such as omega-3 fatty acids, from experimental and comparator arms.
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Lipid-Lowering Drugs and Supplements-A Narrative Review; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of death worldwide. Since the establishment of the "lipid hypothesis", according to which, cholesterol level is directly correlated to the risk of CVD, many different lipid-lowering agents have been introduced in clinical practice. A majority of these drugs, in addition to their lipid-lowering properties, may also exhibit some anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities. This hypothesis was based on the observation that a decrease in lipid levels occurs along with a decrease in inflammation. Insufficient reduction in the inflammation during treatment with lipid-lowering drugs could be one of the explanations for treatment failure and recurrent CVD events. Thus, the aim of this narrative review was to evaluate the anti-inflammatory properties of currently available lipid-lowering medications including statins, ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants (BAS), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, and niacin, as well as dietary supplements and novel drugs used in modern times.
Supplemental Substances Derived from Foods as Adjunctive Therapeutic Agents for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases and Disorders; Neurodegenerative disorders and diseases (NDDs) that are either chronically acquired or triggered by a singular detrimental event are a rapidly growing cause of disability and/or death. In recent times, there have been major advancements in our understanding of various neurodegenerative disease states that have revealed common pathologic features or mechanisms. The many mechanistic parallels discovered between various neurodegenerative diseases suggest that a single therapeutic approach may be used to treat multiple disease conditions. Of late, natural compounds and supplemental substances have become an increasingly attractive option to treat NDDs because there is growing evidence that these nutritional constituents have potential adjunctive therapeutic effects (be it protective or restorative) on various neurodegenerative diseases. Here we review relevant experimental and clinical data on supplemental substances (i.e., curcuminoids, rosmarinic acid, resveratrol, acetyl-L-carnitine, and omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids) that have demonstrated encouraging therapeutic effects on chronic diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and neurodegeneration resulting from acute adverse events, such as traumatic brain injury.
The associations of a marine diet with plasma lipids, blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity among the Inuit in Greenland; Objective: To analyse the associations between the intake of fish and marine mammals and risk factors for cardiovascular disease, ie lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity, in a population whose average consumption of n-3 fatty acids is high compared with Western countries.
Nutrition-linked chronic disease and periodontitis: are they the two faces of the same coin?; There is increasing evidence of a relationship between periodontitis and several nutrition-linked chronic conditions, such as obesity, dyslipidaemia and metabolic syndrome, with a putative bidirectional influence between periodontal disease and each condition. An association between several dietary factors and the progression of periodontitis is relevant to this relationship. Thus, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin C, lactic acid foods, soy products and a diet rich in vegetables and fresh food appear to be favourable for better periodontal health, whereas a lipid-rich diet may be detrimental to periodontal tissues.
British eggs: Back on the menu for all; This article updates the latest guidance and research on the suitability of eggs as a good source of nutrition for particular population groups. This follows the publication of two important UK government reports: revised advice for vulnerable groups from the Food Standards Agency and a draft report about infant feeding from the Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition (SACN), as well as a recent review on egg consumption and cardiovascular disease risk in people with type 2 diabetes. The Food Standards Agency now advises that raw or lightly cooked British eggs are safe to eat for vulnerable groups, such as pregnant women, babies, toddlers and older people, provided that the eggs bear the Lion mark. This indicates that they have been produced under the British Lion Code of Practice, a scheme that includes more than 700 auditable criteria, of which vaccination of laying hens against Salmonella is a key aspect. The draft SACN report Feeding in the First Year of Life recommends that first complementary foods should be introduced from around 6 months of age and that there is no need to differentiate hens' egg from other foods in this respect. There is also a warning that the deliberate exclusion or delayed introduction of allergenic foods including egg may increase the risk of allergy to these foods later in childhood. As regards people with type 2 diabetes, despite earlier concerns from epidemiological studies that higher egg intake might increase cardiovascular disease risk, more recent high-quality intervention studies indicate that, provided eggs are consumed as part of a healthy, energy-controlled diet, there is no need for concern. Eggs provide a wide range of important nutrients, including several that are found in only a limited number of other foods, such as vitamin D, iodine and the long-chain omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid. They are therefore a useful and versatile ingredient for pregnant women, infants and children, and older people.
Quantitative determination of fatty acid chain composition in pork meat products by high resolution <SUP>1</SUP>H NMR spectroscopy; High resolution H-1 NMR spectroscopy was proposed for the determination of the fatty acid chain profile of lipids in pork meat products during ripening. Two typical Mediterranean PDO salami produced in Calabria, a region in the Southern Italy, were chosen as a case of study. Quantitative NMR analysis provided the fatty acid chain profiles of total lipid extracts. The transesterification of total lipid extracts furnished FAME mixtures that enabled quantitation of fatty acid acyl chains in the acylglycerol and FFA portions. In all cases, oleyl chains were predominant, and high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acid chains were observed. The proposed spectroscopic method allowed also the estimation of the most important nutritional parameters of dry fermented meat products. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Associations of total blood mercury and blood methylmercury concentrations with diabetes in adults: An exposure-response analysis of 2005-2018 NHANES; Objective: To examine the exposure-response relationship between mercury exposure and diabetes in adults, and to explore the possible effect modifications by selenium and omega-3 fatty acids.
Trends in linoleic acid intake in the United States adult population: NHANES 1999-2014; Linoleic acid (LA), the primary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the US diet, is an essential fatty acid. LA is available from a wide variety of foods, although it is primarily sourced from plant seed oils. Individual-level data on demography and food and nutrient intake were acquired from the NHANES waves 1999-2000, 2001-2002, 2003-2004, 2005-2006, 2007-2008, 2009-2010, 2011-2012, and 2013-2014. Mean daily intake of (LA) was estimated for each survey wave overall, and by age, gender, educational attainment, race/ethnicity, and income to-poverty ratio. Linear temporal (1999-2014) trends in LA intake were estimated using univariate linear regression tests, with P < 0.05 and a two-tailed distribution. We found that US adults meet intake recommendation for LA and observed a trend of increasing intake of LA in the US overall and by sub-categories of age, sex, education, race/ethnicity, and income-to-poverty ratio.
Prevalence and treatment of low HDL cholesterol among primary care patients with type 2 diabetes - An unmet challenge for cardiovascular risk reduction; OBJECTIVE - Patients with diabetes remain at high risk for cardiovascular events despiteaggressive blood pressure, LDL cholesterol, and blood glucose control. We identified prevalence and predictors of low HDL cholesterol, characterized current lipid therapy, and estimated the theoretical benefit of more effective HDL cholesterol-raising methods among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Almond consumption improved glycemic control and lipid profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Almond consumption is associated with ameliorations in obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and hyperglycemia. The hypothesis of this 12-week randomized crossover clinical trial was that almond consumption would improve glycemic control and decrease the risk for cardiovascular disease in 20 Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (9 male, 11 female; 58 years old; body mass index, 26 kg/m(2)) with mild hyperlipidemia. After a 2-week run-in period, patients were assigned to either a control National Cholesterol Education Program step II diet (control diet) or an almond diet for 4 weeks, with a 2-week washout period between alternative diets. Almonds were added to the control diet to replace 20% of total daily calorie intake. Addition of approximately 60 g almonds per day increased dietary intakes of fiber, magnesium, polyunsaturated fatty acid, monounsaturated fatty acid, and vitamin E. Body fat determined with bioelectrical impedance analysis was significantly lower in patients consuming almonds (almonds vs control: 29.6% vs 30.4%). The almond diet enhanced plasma a-tocopherol level by a median 26.8% (95% confidence intervals, 15.1-36.6) compared with control diet. Furthermore, almond intake decreased total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and the ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 6.0% (1.6-9.4), 11.6% (2.8-19.1), and 9.7% (0.3-20.9), respectively. Plasma apolipoprotein (apo) B levels, apo B/apo A-1 ratio, and nonesterified fatty acid also decreased significantly by 15.6% (5.1-25.4), 17.4% (2.8-19.9), and 5.5% (3.0-14.4), respectively. Compared with subjects in the control diet, those in the almond diet had 4.1% (0.9-12.5), 0.8% (0.4-6.3), and 9.2% (4.4-13.2) lower levels of fasting insulin, fasting glucose, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index, respectively. Our results suggested that incorporation of almonds into a healthy diet has beneficial effects on adiposity, glycemic control, and the lipid profile, thereby potentially decreasing the risk for cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Plasma Oxylipidome Links Smoking Status to Peripheral Artery Disease; Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is prevalent among individuals with a history of tobacco smoking. Although oxidation of lipids may contribute to atherogenesis in vascular disease, enzymatically and nonenzymatically produced oxidized lipids can have varying and contrasting physiological effects. The underlying mechanisms of atherogenic vulnerability can be better elucidated with the recent advances in oxylipidome quantification using HPLC-MS/MS technology. In a randomized, controlled clinical trial, the plasma oxylipidome was analyzed in participants living with PAD by smoking status (n = 98) and in nonsmoking comparators without chronic disease (n = 20). Individuals with PAD had approximately a four-fold higher level of total plasma oxylipins versus the comparator. Cessation of smoking in individuals with PAD was associated with significantly lower levels of linoleic acid-derived TriHOMEs, greater levels of omega-3 fatty acid-derived oxylipins, and greater levels of nonfragmented oxidized phosphatidylcholines (OxPCs). Individuals living with PAD but without a history of smoking, exhibited higher levels of the putative atherogenic fragmented OxPCs versus individuals who currently or previously smoked. These data implicate the plasma oxylipidome in PAD and that smoking cessation is associated with a less inflammatory profile. Furthermore, fragmented OxPCs may play a more significant role in the pathophysiology of PAD in individuals without a history of smoking.
Enhancement of porcine intramuscular fat content by overexpression of the cytosolic form of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase in skeletal muscle; Intramuscular fat (IMF) content has been generally recognized as a desirable trait in pork meat because of its positive effect on eating quality. An effective approach to enhance IMF content in pork is the generation of transgenic pigs. In this study, we used somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT) to generate cloned pigs exhibiting ectopic expression of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK-C) driven by an a-skeletal-actin gene promoter, which was specifically expressed in skeletal muscle. Using qRT-PCR and Western blot analysis, we demonstrated that PEPCK-C was functionally expressed and had a significant effect on total fatty acid content in the skeletal muscle of the transgenic pigs, while the n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio showed no difference between transgenic and control pigs. Thus, genetically engineered PEPCK-C-mus pigs may be an effective solution for the production of IMF-enriched pork.
Characterization of protected designation of origin Italian meat products obtained from heavy pigs fed barley-based diets; A study was conducted to evaluate the quality and sensory properties of protected designation of origin (PDO) Parma ham and Piacentina neck obtained from heavy pigs (Italian Duroc x Italian Large White) fed barley-based diets. Four diets were tested: 1) a corn-based diet (control), 2) the control diet with 80% of a normal-amylose hulled barley variety (Cometa), 3) the control diet with 80% of a normal-amylose hulless barley variety (Astartis), and 4) the control diet with 80% of a low-amylose hulless barley variety (Alamo). All the meat products were analyzed for physicochemical and color parameters. The drycured hams and necks were also evaluated for sensory properties. The data of physicochemical, color, and sensory parameters were separately analyzed by multivariate factor analysis, and interpretation of each extracted factor was based on specific original variables loading on each one. The meat products obtained from pigs fed the barley-based diets differed from those obtained from the control pigs on the PUFA factors characterized by C18:2n-6 and omega-3: omega-6 ratio. In particular, the meat products obtained from pigs fed the barley-based diets had a lower content of C18:2n-6 and a higher omega-3: omega-6 ratio (P < 0.05) than the control. In fresh hams, iodine number and SFA (C16:0 and C18:0) in addition to PUFA and omega-3:omega-6 ratio loaded on the PUFA/SFA factor. The fresh hams produced from pigs fed the barley-based diets had subcutaneous fat (SC) with a lower iodine number and a higher SFA level compared with those produced from the control pigs (P < 0.05). A sex effect was measured for PUFA/SFA and oleic acid factors. In particular, the barrow SC had a lower SFA content, higher PUFA and C18:1n-9cis levels, and a higher iodine number (P < 0.05) than the gilt SC. There were no appreciable differences in the color and sensory properties of meat products obtained from pigs fed the different diets. The hams from barrows differed from those obtained from gilts on the lean properties factor describing properties related to aspect and odor of dry-cured hams. Indeed, the hams from barrows were depreciated compared with the hams from gilts for minor intensity, brightness, and uniformity of the lean, pinkish intermuscular fat and cured odor. In conclusion, barley could be used as a replacement for corn in heavy pig diets for the production of PDO Italian products without negative effects on the physicochemical, color, or sensory characteristics of meat products.
Application of the BRAFO-tiered approach for benefit-risk assessment to case studies on natural foods; There is evidence that consumption of fish, especially oily fish, has substantial beneficial effects on health. In particular an inverse relationship of oily fish intake to coronary heart disease incidence has been established. These beneficial effects are ascribed to fish oil components including long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. On the other hand it should be noted that oily fish also contains hazardous substances such as dioxins. PCBs and methylmercury.
Modulatory Effect of an Isolated Triglyceride from Fenugreek Seed Oil on of α-Amylase, Lipase and ACE Activities, Liver-Kidney Functions and Metabolic Disorders of Diabetic Rats; This study was designed to examine physicochemical characteristics, chemical compositions and biological activities of fenugreek seed oil (FSO) and its pure triglyceride (TG). One fenugreek TG was purified using a bioassay-guided fractionation and administrated to surviving diabetic rats. The free fatty acids percentage as well as, the peroxide, the saponification and the iodine values were 2%, 12 mequiv. O-2/kg of oil, 189 (mg KOH/g) and 110 (g/100 g of oil), respectively. Linolenic acid (C-18.3 26.14%), Linoleic acid (C-18:2 41.13%) and Oleic acid (C-18:1 17.07%) were the dominant fatty acids in the FSO. beta-sitosterol was the major sterol (85.3%) in the FSO. LnLnO (17.1%), LLL (16.6%), OLL and OOLn (8.4%), were the abundant triglycerides. The hexane extract of fenugreek seed (exhibiting the powerful inhibitory activity against alpha-amylase) was purified using a bioassay-guided fractionation affording one fenugreek TG: (11Z)-11- eicosenoic acid 2, 3- bis[((9Z, 12Z, 15Z)-1-oxo-9, 12, 15-octadecatrien-1-yl)oxy] propyl ester. In diabetic rats, the administration of the fenugreek TG inhibited alpha-amylase activity in small intestine by 36% as compared to untreated diabetic rats. Moreover, fenugreek TG increased insulin sensibility which leads to decrease in blood glucose level by 43%. In addition, this study demonstrated that administration of pure fenugreek TG to diabetic rats ameliorated the glycogen rate in liver and muscle. In addition, the administration of fenugreek TG reverted back the activity of angiotensin converting enzyme respectively in kidney and plasma by 33 and 29%. Interestingly, the fenugreek TG inhibited lipase activity in small intestine by 33% which leads to the regulation of lipid profile. Moreover, the fenugreek TG protected liver kidney function evidenced by histological study. In conclusion, our finding demonstrates that the administration of fenugreek TG to diabetic rats can make it a potential candidate for industrial application as a pharmacological agent for the treatment of hyperglycemia.
Effect of low doses of long-chain n-3 PUFAs on endothelial function and arterial stiffness: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The dietary intake of n-3 (omega-3) long-chain PUFAs (LC-PUFAs) from fish may improve endothelial function and arterial stiffness.
Superfoods: Recent Data on their Role in the Prevention of Diseases; By the term functional food we mean food, processed or not, which on the basis of scientific studies can contribute to the achievement of specific operational objectives within the human body and play an important role in the direction of prevention degenerative diseases and health promotion. The possible beneficial properties of functional foods are due to their content in bioactive ingredients, with specific biological properties and effects within the human body. Some examples of processed functional foods are calcium-enriched milk, enriched juices with omega-3 fatty acids, yoghurt with probiotic organisms and phytosterol-enriched margarines. At the same time, constantly new scientific findings confirm the potential beneficial properties of different conventional food, such as tea, blueberries, pomegranate, berries, hippophaes and many others, which are known by the term "superfoods". Recently, the appearance of a multitude of chronic degenerative diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, osteoporosis and cancer, has led to ways of defending human health through the adoption of appropriate dietary patterns. Hence, functional foods, provided that they fit inside hygiene and balanced nutrition, are suggested as a potential solution to reinforcing the prevention strategy, avoiding the need for therapy, with the aim of promoting the health of the population. This is the reason why there is an ever-increasing trend particularly in Europe and USA. Also, improved accessibility knowledge and information from consumers, promotes an increased search for information about their beneficial properties.
Regulation of atherosclerotic plaque inflammation; The immune reactions that regulate atherosclerotic plaque inflammation involve chemokines, lipid mediators and costimulatory molecules. Chemokines are a family of chemotactic cytokines that mediate immune cell recruitment and control cell homeostasis and activation of different immune cell types and subsets. Chemokine production and activation of chemokine receptors form a positive feedback mechanism to recruit monocytes, neutrophils and lymphocytes into the atherosclerotic plaque. In addition, chemokine signalling affects immune cell mobilization from the bone marrow. Targeting several of the chemokines and/or chemokine receptors reduces experimental atherosclerosis, whereas specific chemokine pathways appear to be involved in plaque regression. Leukotrienes are lipid mediators that are formed locally in atherosclerotic lesions from arachidonic acid. Leukotrienes mediate immune cell recruitment and activation within the plaque as well as smooth muscle cell proliferation and endothelial dysfunction. Antileukotrienes decrease experimental atherosclerosis, and recent observational data suggest beneficial clinical effects of leukotriene receptor antagonism in cardiovascular disease prevention. By contrast, other lipid mediators, such as lipoxins and metabolites of omega-3 fatty acids, have been associated with the resolution of inflammation. Costimulatory molecules play a central role in fine-tuning immunological reactions and mediate crosstalk between innate and adaptive immunity in atherosclerosis. Targeting these interactions is a promising approach for the treatment of atherosclerosis, but immunological side effects are still a concern. In summary, targeting chemokines, leukotriene receptors and costimulatory molecules could represent potential therapeutic strategies to control atherosclerotic plaque inflammation.
Novel Lines of Research on the Environmental and Human Health Impacts of Nut Consumption; Nuts have formed part of human diets throughout the ages. In recent decades, research has shown they are key foods in dietary patterns associated with lower chronic disease risk. The current state of climate change, however, has introduced an imperative to review the impact of dietary patterns on the environment with a shift to plant-based diets. Nuts emerge as a significant source of protein in plant-based diets and are a minimally processed and sustainable food. Research in this area is evolving to drive better production methods in varying climate conditions. Nevertheless, nut consumption remains an important contributor to human health. The mechanisms of action can be explained in terms of the nutrients they deliver. Studies of nut consumption have linked components such as monounsaturated fatty acids, plant omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidants, and plant sterols to improved lipoprotein profiles, lower blood pressure, and reduced cardiovascular disease risk. Preliminary research also indicates possible beneficial effects of nut consumption on reproductive health. In any case, the ultimate effects of foods on health are the results of multiple interactive factors, so where nuts fit within dietary patterns is a significant consideration for research translation. This has implications for research methodologies, including categorization within food groups and inclusion in Healthy Dietary Indices. The aim of this narrative review is to outline new focal points for investigation that examine the environmental and some novel human health impacts of nut consumption and discuss future directions for research.
Dietary lean red meat and human evolution; Scientific evidence is accumulating that meat itself is not a risk factor for Western lifestyle diseases such as cardiovascular disease, but rather the risk stems from the excessive fat and particularly saturated fat associated with the meat of modern domesticated animals. In our own studies, we have shown evidence that diets high in lean red meat can actually lower plasma cholesterol, contribute significantly to tissue omega-3 fatty acid and provide a good source of iron, zinc and vitamin B-12. A study of human and pre-human diet history shows that for a period of at least 2 million years the human ancestral line had been consuming increasing quantities of meat. During that time, evolutionary selection was in action, adapting our genetic make up and hence our physiological features to a diet high in lean meat. This meat was wild game meat, low in total and saturated fat and relatively rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). The evidence presented in this review looks at various lines of study which indicate the reliance on meat intake as a major energy source by pre-agricultural humans. The distinct fields briefly reviewed include: fossil isotope studies, human gut morphology, human encephalisation and energy requirements, optimal foraging theory, insulin resistance and studies on hunter-gatherer societies. In conclusion, lean meat is a healthy and beneficial component of any well-balanced diet as long as it is fat trimmed and consumed as part of a varied diet.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on cardiometabolic health parameters in children with preexisting dyslipidemia; Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has raised concerns for worsening cardiometabolic health in children.Objective: This study evaluates the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent social restrictions on pediatric cardiometabolic health factors.Methods: Retrospective review of patients in a pediatric lipid clinic in the year prior to (3/18/20193/17/2020) and during (3/18/2020-3/17/2021) the COVID-19 pandemic was performed. Physical findings (body mass index [BMI], waist circumference [WC], and blood pressure), laboratory markers of cardiometabolic health (lipid panel, insulin resistance, and liver transaminases), self-reported exercise time, and lipid-lowering medications (metformin, statin, omega-3 fatty acids, fenofibrate) were compared.Results: 297 subjects met inclusion criteria. Among subjects prescribed no medications or on stable medication doses (n = 241), there were few changes in lipid panels. Among subjects with new or increased medication doses between pre-pandemic and pandemic intervals (n = 62), there were increases in triglycerides (p = 0.019) and HgbA1c (p = 0.046). There was no change in z-scores for both BMI and WC for either group. Conclusion: We observed concerning trends in markers of cardiovascular disease health (dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and diabetes), independent of changes in weight, in at-risk children during the recent COVID pandemic. Our findings suggest that this vulnerable population may benefit from more frequent monitoring and intense management during such events. (c) 2022 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Isolation and Proteomic Analysis of a <i>Chlamydomonas reinhardtii</i> Mutant with Enhanced Lipid Production by the Gamma Irradiation Method; In this study, an enhanced lipid-producing mutant strain of the microalga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii was developed by gamma irradiation. To induce the mutation, C. reinhardtii was gamma irradiated at a dose of 400 Gy. After irradiation, the surviving cells were stained with Nile red. The mutant (Cr-4013) accumulating 20% more lipid than the wild type was selected. Thin-layer chromatography revealed the triglyceride and free fatty acid contents to be markedly increased in Cr-4013. The major fatty acids identified were palmitic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, and linolenic acid. Random amplified polymeric DNA analysis showed partial genetic modifications in Cr-4013. To ascertain the changes of protein expression in the mutant strain, two-dimensional electrophoresis was conducted. These results showed that gamma radiation could be used for the development of efficient microalgal strains for lipid production.
Chemical composition of nuts and edible seeds and their relation to nutrition and health; This systematic review compares the chemical composition among different types of nuts and edible seeds with regard to nutrients and other bioactive compounds and relates this composition to nutrition and health. This literature review was based on Biological Abstracts, CAB Abstracts, Food Science and Technology Abstracts, Medline and Lilacs, in accordance with the following selection criteria: original research articles published in the last five years in Brazilian or international journals in the fields of Food Science, Medicine I and Medicine II, indexed in the Institute for Scientific Information. The articles were analyzed according to pre-established quality criteria. True nuts (almonds, hazelnuts, chestnuts, cashew nuts, Brazil nuts, macadamia nuts, walnuts and pistachios) and edible seeds (peanuts and baru almonds) are good sources of lipids and proteins. The lipid fractions are composed especially of oleic (C18:1) and linoleic (C18: 2) fatty acids, with emphasis on the omega-6 to omega-3 relation in macadamia, walnut, chestnut and baru almond, whose profiles favor the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk. Their proteins present an amino acid profile that meets the requirements of school children and contain more sulfur-containing amino acids than legumes such as beans. These nuts and edible seeds are also good sources of phytoesterols, mainly. beta-sitosterol; minerals, particularly calcium, iron, zinc, selenium and potassium; tocopherols, especially alpha-tocopherol; and insoluble fiber. These nutrient-dense foods contain bioactive substances that maximize their beneficial health effects and, for this reason, their study and consumption should be encouraged.
ω-Hydroxyundec-9-enoic acid induces apoptosis through ROS-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress in non-small cell lung cancer cells; omega-Hydroxyundec-9-enoic acid (omega-HUA), a hydroxyl unsaturated fatty acid derivative, is involved in the antifungal activity of wild rice (Oryza officinalis). Here, we investigated the anti-cancer activity of omega-HUA on a non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell line. omega-HUA increased apoptosis and induced cleavages of caspase-6, caspase-9, and poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP). omega-HUA treatment significantly induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response. Suppression of CHOP expression and inhibiting ER stress by 4-phenylbutyrate (4-PBA) significantly attenuated the omega-HUA treatment-induced activation of caspase-6, caspase-9, and PARP, and subsequent apoptotic cell death, indicating a role for ER stress in omega-HUA-induced apoptosis. In addition, cells subjected to omega-HUA exhibited significantly increased quantity of reactive oxygen species (ROS), and the ROS scavenger N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC) inhibited omega-HUA-induced apoptotic cell death and ER stress signals, indicating a role for ROS in ER stress-mediated apoptosis in omega-HUA-treated cells. Taken together, these results suggest that sequential ROS generation and ER stress activation are critical in omega-HUA treatment-induced apoptosis and that omega-HUA represents a promising candidate for NSCLC treatment. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Clinical Significance of Low Serum Arachidonic Acid in Sepsis Patients with Hypoalbuminemia; Objectives Fatty acids (FAs) have various roles in pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory functions. Hypoalbiuninemia is often observed in sepsis patients. An imbalance among these compounds formed from FAs caused by hypoalbuminemia may be related to increased mortality in sepsis patients. The purpose of this study was to investigate the correlations between serum albumin and FAs in sepsis and the outcome.
Consumer Communication of Nutrition Science and Impact on Public Health; This paper highlights the need for evidence-informed policies for health care and nutrition communication, including the use of nutrition and health claims on food and food supplements to raise awareness of the vital role of nutrition in health. Dietary interventions for vulnerable groups, such as the elderly, women of childbearing age, children, and adolescents, can contribute to reducing the risk of suboptimal intakes and deficiencies of micronutrients and of chronic, non-communicable diseases, to controlling costs of health care, and to promoting the health and quality of life of people globally. Examples of public health messages include the communication of the scientific evidence for (a) the use of folic acid/folate and iron to reduce, respectively, the risk of neural tube defects and prevalence of iron-deficiency anemia in pregnant women, (b) the relationship between calcium and vitamin D, bone health, and reduced risk of osteoporosis and falling, and (c) the cardiovascular benefits of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids from oily-fish and fish oil supplements. Today, and in the future, the global, environmental, demographic and public health challenges relate to a double burden of undernutrition on the one hand and obesity, overweight, and non-communicable diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer, on the other. The need is not only to educate consumers but also to drive home the vital science-based food and health messages to those responsible for formulating public health policies.
Dietary Flaxseed Independently Lowers Circulating Cholesterol and Lowers It beyond the Effects of Cholesterol-Lowering Medications Alone in Patients with Peripheral Artery Disease.; Background: Dietary flaxseed lowers cholesterol in healthy subjects with mild biomarkers of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Heart rate variability for determining autonomic nervous system effects of lifestyle behaviors in early life: A systematic review; Background: An unhealthy lifestyle negatively alters autonomic nervous system (ANS) activity as reflected by decreased heart rate variability (HRV), increasing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Research investigating the effect of modifiable lifestyle factors on ANS activity in young children is limited. Early identification of these risk factors is vital to improving long-term individual and public health outcomes. A systematic review was conducted to assess the effect of maternal or child modifiable lifestyle factors on child ANS activity.
Key nutrients important in the management of canine myxomatous mitral valve disease and heart failure; The most common cause of heart failure in dogs is myxomatous mitral valve disease (MMVD), which accounts for approximately 75% of canine heart disease cases and is especially common in smaller dogs. Although low-sodium diets have been recommended for humans with heart diseases for decades, there is little evidence to support this practice in dogs. In recent years, however, it has become clear that other nutrients are important to heart health. Dogs with heart disease secondary to MMVD experience patterns of metabolic changes that include decreased mitochondrial energy metabolism and ATP availability, with increased oxidative stress and inflammation. These changes occur early in disease and progress with worsening heart disease. Key nutrients that may support normal function and address these changes include omega-3 fatty acids, medium-chain triglycerides, magnesium, antioxidants including vitamin E and taurine, and the amino acids methionine and lysine. The long-chain omega-3 fatty acids provide anti-inflammatory, antithrombotic, and other benefits. Medium-chain fatty acids and ketones derived from medium-chain triglycerides provide an alternative energy source for cardiac mitochondria and help reduce free radical production. Magnesium supports mitochondrial function, normal cardiac rhythm, and provides other benefits. Both vitamin E and taurine counter oxidative stress, and taurine also has direct cardiac benefits. Dogs with MMVD have reduced plasma methionine. Methionine and lysine are important for carnitine production as well as other functions. This article reviews the evidence supporting the functions and benefits of these and other nutrients in MMVD and other cardiac conditions.
Exercise effects on lipids in persons with varying dietary patterns-does diet matter if they exercise? Responses in Studies of a Targeted Risk Reduction Intervention through Defined Exercise I; Background The standard clinical approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk due to dyslipidemia is to prescribe changes in diet and physical activity. The purpose of the current study was to determine if, across a range of dietary patterns, there were variable lipoprotein responses to an aerobic exercise training intervention.
Quantitative Genomics of 30 Complex Phenotypes in Wagyu x Angus F<sub>1</sub> Progeny; In the present study, a total of 91 genes involved in various pathways were investigated for their associations with six carcass traits and twenty-four fatty acid composition phenotypes in a WagyuxAngus reference population, including 43 Wagyu bulls and their potential 791 F-1 progeny. Of the 182 SNPs evaluated, 102 SNPs that were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium with minor allele frequencies (MAF>0.15) were selected for parentage assignment and association studies with these quantitative traits. The parentage assignment revealed that 40 of 43 Wagyu sires produced over 96.71% of the calves in the population. Linkage disequilibrium analysis identified 75 of 102 SNPs derived from 54 genes as tagged SNPs. After Bonferroni correction, single-marker analysis revealed a total of 113 significant associations between 44 genes and 29 phenotypes (adjusted P<0.05). Multiple-marker analysis confirmed single-gene associations for 10 traits, but revealed two-gene networks for 9 traits and three-gene networks for 8 traits. Particularly, we observed that TNF (tumor necrosis factor) gene is significantly associated with both beef marbling score (P=0.0016) and palmitic acid (C16:0) (P=0.0043), RCAN1 (regulator of calcineurin 1) with rib-eye area (P=0.0103), ASB3 (ankyrin repeat and SOCS box-containing 3) with backfat (P=0.0392), ABCA1 (ATP-binding cassette A1) with both palmitic acid (C16: 0) (P=0.0025) and oleic acid (C18:1n9) (P=0.0114), SLC27A1 (solute carrier family 27 A1) with oleic acid (C18: 1n9) (P=0.0155), CRH (corticotropin releasing hormone) with both linolenic acid (OMEGA-3) (P=0.0200) and OMEGA 6: 3 RATIO (P=0.0054), SLC27A2 (solute carrier family 27 A2) with both linoleic acid (OMEGA-6) (P=0.0121) and FAT (P=0.0333), GNG3 (guanine nucleotide binding protein gamma 3 with desaturase 9 (P=0.0115), and EFEMP1 (EGF containing fibulin-like extracellular matrix protein 1), PLTP (phospholipid transfer protein) and DSEL (dermatan sulfate epimerase-like) with conjugated linoleic acid (P=0.0042-0.0044), respectively, in the Wagyu x Angus F-1 population. In addition, we observed an interesting phenomenon that crossbreeding of different breeds might change gene actions to dominant and overdominant modes, thus explaining the origin of heterosis. The present study confirmed that these important families or pathway-based genes are useful targets for improving meat quality traits and healthful beef products in cattle.
LIPID SUPPLEMENTATION OF CASEIN-BASED PURIFIED DIETS FOR CARP (CYPRINUS-CARPIO L) LARVAE; Common carp larvae were fed artificial diets based on purified ingredients (casein, casein sodium salt, casein hydrolysate, dextrin, vitamin and mineral premixes).  Eight experimental diets containing two levels of peanut oil (3 or 4.5%) and supplemented with graded levels of cod liver oil (0, 1, 2 or 4%) with or without phospholipids (0 or 2%) were fed to duplicate groups for 28 days.  A yeast-based diet served as the control.  Survival (from 10 days onwards) and growth (as early as day 7) were significantly improved by phospholipid supplementation.  By day 21, larvae fed diets without phospholipids exhibited low survival rates (17-22%) and low mean weights (90-130 mg) compared to larvae fed phospholipid-supplemented diets (survival 53-83%, mean weight 180-200 mg).  Daily mortality was low in all groups between day 21 day 28.  By day 28, the best casein-based diet resulted in a lower survival rate than the yeast-based control diet (78 vs. 90%).  However, it supported a higher mean larval weight (550 vs. 330 mg).  In contrast to phospholipid, dietary cod liver oil level had little effect on early survival and growth of the larvae.  An increase in dietary cod liver oil resulted in marked changes in fatty acid composition of carp total lipid by day 28: i.e., n-3 fatty acids increased; 20:4n-6, 20:5n-6 and 20:3n-9 decreased, and 22:3n-9 and 22:4n-9 disappeared.  First-feeding carp larvae were able to utilize semi-purified diets better than previously reported.  During the first 2 weeks, dietary phospholipid supply seemed more critical for early larval survival and growth than a supply of n-3 fatty acids from cod liver oil.
Clinical approaches to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) ranges from simple steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), leading to fibrosis and potentially cirrhosis, and it is one of the most common causes of liver disease worldwide. NAFLD is associated with other medical conditions such as metabolic syndrome, obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. NASH can only be diagnosed through liver biopsy, but noninvasive techniques have been developed to identify patients who are most likely to have NASH or fibrosis, reducing the need for liver biopsy and risk to patients. Disease progression varies between individuals and is linked to a number of risk factors. Mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis are associated with diet and lifestyle, influx of free fatty acids to the liver from adipose tissue due to insulin resistance, hepatic oxidative stress, cytokines production, reduced very low-density lipoprotein secretion and intestinal microbiome. Weight loss through improved diet and increased physical activity has been the cornerstone therapy of NAFLD. Recent therapies such as pioglitazone and vitamin E have been shown to be beneficial. Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and statins may offer additional benefits. Bariatric surgery should be considered in morbidly obese patients. More research is needed to assess the impact of these treatments on a long-term basis. The objective of this article is to briefly review the diagnosis, management and treatment of this disease in order to aid clinicians in managing these patients. (C) 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Age-dependent alterations of glucose clearance and homeostasis are temporally separated and modulated by dietary fat; Diet- and age-dependent changes in glucose regulation in mice occur, but the temporal development, mechanisms and influence of dietary fat source remain to be defined.
A fish oil derived concentrate enriched in eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid as ethyl ester suppresses the formation and growth of intestinal polyps in the Min mouse; We examined whether the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ethyl ester enriched fish oil K85 (54.4% of eicosapentaenoic acid and 30.3% of docosahexaenoic acid as ethyl esters) could inhibit the intestinal tumorigenesis in Min mice, a murine model of familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), Min mice that are heterozygous for a nonsense mutation in the Apc gene, develop spontaneously multiple intestinal neoplasms, primarily in the small intestine, K85 was dissolved in corn oil (vehicle) and mixed into the AIN-76A diet, The total oil content (K85 + corn oil) was 12% in all diets, The various experimental diets contained 0 (vehicle control), 0.4, 1.25 or 2.5% of K85, In the small intestine, the mean number of tumors/mouse was 105 +/- 18 (SEM) in control males and 70 +/- 11 in control females, Dietary K85 treatment reduced the number of small intestinal tumors: in males, the maximum reduction was 66% (P = 0.002) with 0.4% of K85; and in females, the maximum reduction was 48% (P = 0.043) with 2.5% of K85, but the inhibition was only slightly increased from 0.4% to 2.5% of K85, The mean tumor diameter was 1.33 +/- 0.08 mm in control males and 1.06 +/- 0.08 in control females, and the diameter ranged from <0.1 mm (monocryptal adenomas) to 4 mm, The small intestinal tumor diameter was reduced by K85 in a dose-dependent manner: in males, with a maximum reduction of 26% (r = -0.64, P = 0.004); and in females, with a maximum reduction of 38% (r = -0.61, P < 0.004), In the large intestine, the mean number of tumors/mouse was 1.0 +/- 0.5 in males and 0.8 +/- 0.2 in females, Although K85 treatment tended to reduce the number and diameter of the large intestinal tumors, these effects did not reach statistical significance, Aberrant crypt foci not elevated from the flat mucosa (ACF(Min)) occurring in the colon of Min mice were also scored, The mean number of ACF(Min)/colon (3.8 +/- 0.9) and the crypt multiplicity (1.49 +/- 0.28) in females were reduced by 73% (P = 0.03) and 60% (P = 0.048) with 2.5% of K85, respectively, whereas no significant effect could be observed in the males.
Interaction between a <i>CSK</i> Gene Variant and Fish Oil Intake Influences Blood Pressure in Healthy Adults; Blood pressure is a heritable determinant of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Recent genome-wide association studies have identified several single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with blood pressure, including rs1378942 in the c-Src tyrosine kinase (CSK) gene. Fish oil supplementation provides inconsistent protection from CVD, which may reflect genetic variation. We investigated the effect of rs1378942 genotype interaction with fish oil dosage on blood pressure measurements in the MARINA (Modulation of Atherosclerosis Risk by Increasing doses of N-3 fatty Acids) study, a parallel, double-blind, controlled trial in 367 participants randomly assigned to receive treatment with 0.45, 0.9, and 1.8 g/d eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA (20:5n-3)] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA (22.6n-3)] (1.51:1) or an olive oil placebo for 12 mo. A total of 310 participants were genotyped. There were no significant associations with blood pressure measures at baseline; however, the interaction between genotype and treatment was a significant determinant of systolic blood pressure (SBP) (P = 0.010), diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (P = 0.037), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (P = 0.014). After the 1.8 g/d dose, noncarriers of the rs1378942 variant allele showed significantly lower SBP (P = 0.010), DB P (P = 0.016), and MABP (P = 0.032) at follow-up, adjusted for baseline values, than did carriers. We found no evidence of SNP genotype association with endothelial function (brachial artery diameter and flow-mediated dilatation), arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity and digital volume pulse), and resting heart rate. A high intake of EPA and DHA could help protect noncarriers but not carriers of the risk allele. Dietary recommendations to reduce blood pressure in the general population may not necessarily benefit those most at risk. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN66664610.
n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetes: A review; Historically, epidemiologic studies have reported a lower prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes in populations consuming large amounts of the n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs) found mainly in fish. Controlled clinical studies have shown that consumption of n-3 LC-PUFAs has cardioprotective effects in persons with type 2 diabetes without adverse effects on glucose control and insulin activity. Benefits include lower risk of primary cardiac arrest; reduced cardiovascular mortality, particularly sudden cardiac death; reduced triglyceride levels; increased high-density lipoprotein levels; improved endothelial function, reduced platelet aggregability; and lower blood pressure. These favorable effects outweigh the modest increase in low-density lipoprotein levels that may result from increased n-3 LC-PUFA intake. Preliminary evidence suggests increased consumption of n-3 LC-PUFAs with reduced intake of saturated fat may reduce the risk of conversion from impaired glucose tolerance to type 2 diabetes in overweight persons. Reported improvements in hemostasis, slower progression of artery narrowing, albuminuria, subclinical inflammation, oxidative stress, and obesity require additional confirmation. Expected health benefits and public health implications of consuming 1 to 2 g/day n-3 LC-PUFA as part of lifestyle modification in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes are discussed.
Unravelling lipoprotein metabolism with stable isotopes: tracing the flow; Dysregulated lipoprotein metabolism is a major cause of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Use of stable isotope tracers and compartmental modelling have provided deeper understanding of the mechanisms underlying lipid disorders in patients at high risk of ASCVD, including familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), elevated lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and metabolic syndrome (MetS). In patients with FH, deficiency in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity not only impairs the catabolism of LDL, but also induces hepatic overproduction and decreases catabolism of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs). Patients with elevated Lp(a) are characterized by increased hepatic secretion of Lp(a) particles. Atherogenic dyslipidemia in MetS patients relates to a combination of overproduction of very-low density lipoprotein-apolipoprotein (apo) B-100, decreased catabolism of apoB-100-containing particles, and increased catabolism of high-density lipoprotein-apoA-I particles, as well as to impaired clearance of TRLs in the postprandial state. Kinetic studies show that weight loss, fish oils, statins and fibrates have complementary modes of action that correct atherogenic dyslipidemia. Defining the kinetic mechanisms of action of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 and angiopoietin-like 3 inhibitors on lipid and lipoprotein mechanism in dyslipidemic subjects will further our understanding of these therapies in decreasing the development of ASCVD. "Everything changes but change itself. Everything flows and nothing remains the same... You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters and yet others go flowing ever on." Heraclitus (c.535-c. 475 BCE) (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Oxidative stress and docosahexaenoic acid injury lead to increased necroptosis and ferroptosis in retinal pigment epithelium; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a complex disease caused by different genetic and environmental risk factors leading to loss of cells in the central part of the retina. Oxidative stress appears to be an important environmental risk factor that contributes to both the initiation and progression of AMD. Retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) plays an important role in regulating oxidative stress in the retina and is one of the main retinal cell types affected in AMD. A main function of RPE is to phagocytose photoreceptor outer segments (POS) which are rich in the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), making this cell type potentially more susceptible to oxidative stress-induced lipid peroxidation which can lead to cell death. RPE is known to undergo necrotic cell death in response to oxidative stress. The aim of this study was to determine if DHA in POS can increase oxidative damage to RPE. It was found that RPE undergo increased lipid peroxidation and decreased cell viability when stressed with hydrogen peroxide in combination with DHA or POS. H2O2-induced oxidative stress was found to cause both ferroptosis and necroptosis. However, the ferroptosis regulator acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 4 (ACSL4) was found to be downregulated in RPE exposed to H2O2 and this effect was exacerbated when the RPE cells were simultaneously treated with DHA. Together, these results show a response of RPE when stressed which will likely be overwhelmed under disease conditions such as AMD resulting in cell death.
Cross-influence of membrane polyunsaturated fatty acids and hypoxia-reoxygenation on α- and β-adrenergic function of rat cardiomyocytes; The purpose of the present investigation was to determine whether the beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PU FA) may influence ischemia-reperfusion-induced alterations of myocardial alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor (alpha-AR, beta-AR) responsiveness. This study was carried out using monolayer cultures of neonatal rat ventricular myocytes in a substrate-free, hypoxia-reoxygenation model of ischemia. The cardiomyocytes (CM) were incubated during 4 days in media enriched either with n-6 PUFA (arachidonic acid, AA) or with n-3 PUFA(eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA). The n-6/n-3 ratio in n-3 CM was close to 1.2, compared to 20.1 in n-6 CM. The contractile parameters of n-6 CM and n-3 CM were similar in basal conditions as well as during hypoxia and reoxygenation. In basal conditions, the phospholipid (PL) enrichment with long chain n-3 PUFA resulted in an increased chronotropic response to isoproterenol (ISO) and to phenylephrine (PHE). After posthypoxic reoxygenation, the chronotropic response to beta-AR activation in n-6 CM was significantly enhanced as compared with the control response in normoxia. In opposition, the ISO-induced rise in frequency in n-3 CM in control normoxia and after reoxygenation was similar. In these n-3 CM, the changes in contractile parameters, which accompanied the chronotropic response, were also similar in reoxygenation and in normoxic periods, although the rise in shortening velocity was slightly increased after reoxygenation. In response to PHE addition, only the chronotropic effect of n-6 CM appeared significantly enhanced after hypoxic treatment. These results suggested that increasing n-3 PUFA in PL reduced the increase in alpha- and beta-AR functional responses observed after hypoxia-reoxygenation. This effect may partly account for the assumed cardiac protective effect of n-3 PU FA, through the attenuation of the functional response to catecholamines in the ischemic myocardium.
Surgical infection and malnutrition; Background: Malnutrition in surgical patients is associated with delayed recovery, higher rates of morbidity and mortality, prolonged hospital stay, increased healthcare costs and a higher early re-admission rate.
The Fatty Acid Composition of Blood Plasma and Arterial Wall in Atherosclerosis; The aim of this study was to assess the fatty acid balance in the blood plasma, in the fragments of the intact vessels and the vessels showing signs of atherosclerosis. Material and Methods: The article presents the results of the examination of the blood plasma samples of patients with coronary heart disease and coronary atherosclerosis. The control group consisted of 16 healthy individuals. Also, the fragments of the abdominal aorta and the common carotid artery with varying degrees of atherosclerotic lesions were studied. Fatty acid analysis was conducted using capillary gas-liquid chromatography. Results: A reduction in the relative linoleic acid level with an increase in almost all the saturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated dihomo-.-linolenic acid in the plasma was noted in patients with coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis. The relationships between certain fatty acids in patients with atherosclerosis and myocardial ischemia showed changes. In patients with atherosclerosis, a marked imbalance was observed between the monounsaturated and correspondingly the saturated fatty acids (with the same number of carbon atoms) in the abdominal aorta with significant atherosclerotic lesions, as well as in the intact common carotid arteries. These disorders are probably related to the relatively low content of the linoleic acid in the blood plasma. The reasons for the increased activity of the fatty acid synthase in vessels with significant atherosclerotic lesions are described. It is concluded that most of the fatty acids of the plaque were formed due to the synthetic processes in the smooth muscle cells, and not as a result of their intake from the blood plasma.
Longitudinal Associations of Phospholipid and Cholesteryl Ester Fatty Acids With Disorders Underlying Diabetes; Context: Specific serum fatty acid (FA) profiles predict the development of incident type 2 diabetes; however, limited longitudinal data exist exploring their role in the progression of insulin sensitivity (IS) and beta-cell function.
Fighting age-related orthopedic diseases: focusing on ferroptosis; Ferroptosis, a unique type of cell death, is characterized by iron-dependent accumulation and lipid peroxidation. It is closely related to multiple biological processes, including iron metabolism, polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, and the biosynthesis of compounds with antioxidant activities, including glutathione. In the past 10 years, increasing evidence has indicated a potentially strong relationship between ferroptosis and the onset and progression of age-related orthopedic diseases, such as osteoporosis and osteoarthritis. Therefore, in-depth knowledge of the regulatory mechanisms of ferroptosis in age-related orthopedic diseases may help improve disease treatment and prevention. This review provides an overview of recent research on ferroptosis and its influences on bone and cartilage homeostasis. It begins with a brief overview of systemic iron metabolism and ferroptosis, particularly the potential mechanisms of ferroptosis. It presents a discussion on the role of ferroptosis in age-related orthopedic diseases, including promotion of bone loss and cartilage degradation and the inhibition of osteogenesis. Finally, it focuses on the future of targeting ferroptosis to treat age-related orthopedic diseases with the intention of inspiring further clinical research and the development of therapeutic strategies.
Physiological modulators; Physiological modulators are natural products belonging to a variety of chemical entities with the characteristics to modulate biological process. The concept was conceived by JA Olson in 1996 and reported in the Congress of the US National Society of Nutrition entitled "The pro-oxidant activity of antioxidants". Antioxidants can be considered as a prototype of physiological modulators because the excessive intake (as in the common believe that "what is good and natural cannot hurt") at the opposite generates severe diseases or precipitated can worsen chronic diseases ending up with death or cancer. Different types of natural product of common use, such as fish oil or phytosterols need to be taken in appropriate amount that have to be determined through clinical trials aimed to the proof of concept in specific diseases. Consequently, the paradigm of physiological modulators can be defined as "the right products, for the right disease, at the right moment in the right amount.
Multi-omics reveal neuroprotection of <i>Acer truncatum Bunge</i> Seed extract on hypoxic-ischemia encephalopathy rats under high-altitude; Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) at high-altitudes leads to neonatal mortality and long-term neurological complications without effective treatment. Acer truncatum Bunge Seed extract (ASO) is reported to have effect on cognitive improvement, but its molecular mechanisms on HIE are unclear. In this study, ASO administration contributed to reduced neuronal cell edema and improved motor ability in HIE rats at a simulated 4500-meter altitude. Transcriptomics and WGCNA analysis showed genes associated with lipid biosynthesis, redox homeostasis, neuronal growth, and synaptic plasticity regulated in the ASO group. Targeted and untargeted-lipidomics revealed decreased free fatty acids and increased phospholipids with favorable omega-3/omega-6/omega-9 fatty acid ratios, as well as reduced oxidized glycerophospholipids (OxGPs) in the ASO group. Combining multi-omics analysis demonstrated FA to FA-CoA, phospholipids metabolism, and lipid peroxidation were regulated by ASO treatment. Our results illuminated preliminary metabolism mechanism of ASO ingesting in rats, implying ASO administration as potential intervention strategy for HIE under high-altitude.
Trends of serum phospholipid fatty acids over time in rural Uganda: evidence of nutritional transition?; Non-communicable diseases are projected to become the most common causes of death in Africa by 2030. The impact on health of epidemiological and nutritional transitions in sub-Saharan Africa remains unclear. To assess the trends of dietary fatty acids over time in Uganda, we examined fatty acids in serum collected from individuals in rural south-west Uganda, at three time points over two decades. Independent cross-sectional samples of 915 adults and children were selected from the general population cohort in 1990 (n 281), 2000 (n 283) and 2008 (n 351). Serum phospholipid fatty acids were measured by C.C. Multivariate regression analyses were perfomied to compare the geometric means of fatty acids by time period. Serum fatty acid profiling showed high proportions of SFA, cis-MUFA and industrial transfatty acids (iTFA), likely to be biomarkers of high consumption of palm oil and hydrogenated fats. In contrast, proportions of n-6 and n-3 PUFA from vegetable oils and fish were low. From 1990 to 2008, serum phospholipids showed increases in absolute amounts of SFA (17.3% increase in adults and 26.4 % in children), MUFA (16.7 % increase in adults and 16.8% in children) and n 6:n 3 PUFA (40.1% increase in adults and 39.8% in children). The amount of elaidic acid, iTFA from hydrogenated fats, increased in children (60.1% increase). In this rural Ugandan population, we show evidence of unfavourable trends over time of dietary fatty acids.
Associations of the serum <i>n</i>-6 PUFA with exercise cardiac power in men; Low intake or tissue concentrations of the n-6 PUFA, especially to the major n-6 PUFA linoleic acid (LA), and low exercise cardiac power (ECP) are both associated with CVD risk. However, associations of the n-6 PUFA with ECP are unknown. The aim of the present study was to explore cross-sectional associations of the serum total n-6 PUFA, LA, arachidonic acid (AA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) concentrations with ECP and its components. In total, 1685 men aged 42-60 years from the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study and free of CVD were included. ANCOVA was used to examine the mean values of ECP (maximal oxygen uptake (VO2max)/maximal systolic blood pressure (SBP)) and its components in quartiles of the serum total and individual n-6 PUFA concentrations. After multivariable adjustments, higher serum total n-6 PUFA concentration was associated with higher ECP and VO2max (for ECP, the extreme-quartile difference was 0 center dot 77 ml/mmHg (95 % CI 0 center dot 38, 1 center dot 16, P (for trend) across quartiles < 0 center dot 001) and for VO2max 157 ml/min (95 % CI 85, 230, P (for trend) < 0 center dot 001), but not with maximal SBP. Similar associations were observed with serum LA concentration. Higher serum AA concentration was associated with higher ECP but not with VO2max or maximal SBP. The minor serum n-6 PUFA GLA and DGLA were associated with higher maximal SBP during exercise test and DGLA also with higher VO2max but neither with ECP. In conclusion, especially LA concentration was associated with higher ECP. This may provide one mechanism for the cardioprotective properties of, especially, LA.
Nutraceuticals for Metabolic Syndrome Management: From Laboratory to Benchside; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a world-wide epidemic disease associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Treatment strategies include pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic methods, with varying degrees of success rate all over the world. Pharmaceutical interest in this field is growing, together with patients' requests for supplementary (or "alternative") treatments. The knowledge of nutraceuticals beneficial effects in subjects with the MetS could help us to better define the appropriate treatment for these subjects, in particular those with contraindications for commonly used drugs, or to achieve guidelines suggested targets. On the other side, it could be not convenient to use a nutraceutical to treat each metabolic syndrome component (i.e. from 3 to 5) in each affected subjects. Thus, this review tries to focus on widely marketed nutraceuticals with clinically demonstrated effects on more than one component of the MetS, namely omega-3 fatty acids, berberine, psyllium and other soluble fibers, cinnamon, chromium picolinate, banaba, and bitter gourd.
Harnessing global fisheries to tackle micronutrient deficiencies; Micronutrient deficiencies account for an estimated one million premature deaths annually, and for some nations can reduce gross domestic product(1,2) by up to 11%, highlighting the need for food policies that focus on improving nutrition rather than simply increasing the volume of food produced(3). People gain nutrients from a varied diet, although fish-which are a rich source of bioavailable micronutrients that are essential to human health(4)-are often overlooked. A lack of understanding of the nutrient composition of most fish(5) and how nutrient yields vary among fisheries has hindered the policy shifts that are needed to effectively harness the potential of fisheries for food and nutrition security(6). Here, using the concentration of 7 nutrients in more than 350 species of marine fish, we estimate how environmental and ecological traits predict nutrient content of marine finfish species. We use this predictive model to quantify the global spatial patterns of the concentrations of nutrients in marine fisheries and compare nutrient yields to the prevalence of micronutrient deficiencies in human populations. We find that species from tropical thermal regimes contain higher concentrations of calcium, iron and zinc; smaller species contain higher concentrations of calcium, iron and omega-3 fatty acids; and species from cold thermal regimes or those with a pelagic feeding pathway contain higher concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids. There is no relationship between nutrient concentrations and total fishery yield, highlighting that the nutrient quality of a fishery is determined by the species composition. For a number of countries in which nutrient intakes are inadequate, nutrients available in marine finfish catches exceed the dietary requirements for populations that live within 100 km of the coast, and a fraction of current landings could be particularly impactful for children under 5 years of age. Our analyses suggest that fish-based food strategies have the potential to substantially contribute to global food and nutrition security.
Update on postinjury nutrition; Purpose of review
Golgi protein ACBD3 downregulation sensitizes cells to ferroptosis; Ferroptosis, a form of cell death driven by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation, is emerging as a promising target in cancer therapy. It is regulated by a network of molecules and pathways that modulate lipid metabolism, iron homeostasis and redox balance, and related processes. However, there are still numerous regulatory molecules intricately involved in ferroptosis that remain to be identified. Here, we indicated that suppression of Golgi protein acyl-coenzyme A binding domain A containing 3 (ACBD3) increased the sensitivity of Henrieta Lacks and PANC1 cells to ferroptosis. ACBD3 knockdown increases labile iron levels by promoting ferritinophagy. This increase in free iron, coupled with reduced levels of glutathione peroxidase 4 due to ACBD3 knockdown, leads to the accumulation of reactive oxygen species and lipid peroxides. Moreover, ACBD3 knockdown also results in elevated levels of polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing glycerophospholipids through mechanisms that remain to be elucidated. Furthermore, inhibition of ferrtinophagy in ACBD3 downregulated cells by knocking down the nuclear receptor co-activator 4 or Bafilomycin A1 treatment impeded ferroptosis. Collectively, our findings highlight the pivotal role of ACBD3 in governing cellular resistance to ferroptosis and suggest that pharmacological manipulation of ACBD3 levels is a promising strategy for cancer therapy.
Glucose enhances tilapia against <i>Edwardsiella tarda</i> infection through metabolome reprogramming; We have recently reported that the survival of tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus, during Edwardsiella tarda infection is tightly associated with their metabolome, where the survived O. niloticus has distinct metabolomic profile to dying O. niloticus. Glucose is the key metabolite to distinguish the survival- and dying-metabolome. More importantly, exogenous administration of glucose to the fish greatly enhances their survival for the infection, indicating the functional roles of glucose in metabolome repurposing, known as reprogramming metabolomics. However, the underlying information for the reprogramming is not yet available. Here, GC/MS based metabolomics is used to understand the mechanisms by which how exogenous glucose elevates O. niloticus, anti-infectious ability to E. tarda. Results showed that exogenous glucose promotes stearic acid and palmitic acid biosynthesis but attenuates TCA cycle to potentiate O. niloticus against bacterial infection, which is confirmed by the fact that exogenous stearic acid increases immune protection in O. niloticus against E. tarda infection in a manner of Mx protein. These results indicate that exogenous glucose reprograms O. niloticus anti-infective metabolome that characterizes elevation of stearic acid and palmitic acid and attenuation of the TCA cycle. Therefore, our results proposed a novel mechanism that glucose promotes unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis to cope with infection, thereby highlighting a potential way of enhancing fish immunity in aquaculture. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relative atherogenicity and predictive value of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol for coronary heart disease; Although low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is a well-established atherogenic factor for coronary heart disease, it does not completely r epresent the risk associated with atherogenic lipoproteins in the presence of high triglyceride (TG) levels. Constituent lipoproteins constituting non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) include atherogenic TG-rich lipoproteins, cholesteryl ester-enriched remnants of TG-rich lipoproteins, and lipoprotein(a). Recent observational and intervention studies suggest that the predictive value of non-HDL-C for cardiovascular risk and mortality is better than low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and that non-HDL-C correlates highly with plasma apolipoprotein B levels. Currently, the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines identify non-HDL-C as a secondary target of therapy in patients with TG elevation (>= 200 mg/dl) after the attainment of LDL-C target goals. In patients with coronary heart disease or coronary heart disease risk equivalents, an optional non-HDL-C goal is < 100 mg/dI. To achieve the non-HDL-C goal, statin therapy may be intensified or combined with ezetimibe, niacin, a fibrate, or omega-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, non-HDL-C remains an important target of therapy for patients with elevated TGs, although its widespread adoption has yet to gain a foothold among health care professionals treating patients with dyslipidemia. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc.
Fish oil affects blood pressure and the plasma lipid profile in healthy Danish infants; Animal and epidemiologic studies indicate that early nutrition has lasting effects on metabolism and cardiovascular disease risk. In adults, (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) from fish oils improve blood pressure, the lipid profile, and possibly cardiovascular disease mortality. This randomized trial is the first to investigate the effects of fish oil on blood pressure and the lipid profile in infancy. Healthy term 9-mo old infants In 83) were randomly assigned to 5 mL fish oil daily or no fish oil for 3 mo and to 2 different milk types. Before and after the intervention, blood pressure was measured with an oscillometric device, and blood was sampled for analysis of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and the plasma lipid profile. This paper examines the effects of the fish oil supplement, with adjustment for the effects of the milk intervention when relevant. The fish oil intervention increased erythrocyte (n-3) LCPUFA content (P < 0.001). At 12 mo, infants administered fish oil had a lower systolic blood pressure [adjusted mean difference (95% Cl)] 6.3 mm Hg (0.9, 11.7) (P = 0.02), a 0.51 mmol/L (0.07, 0.95) higher plasma total cholesterol (P 0.02), and a 0.52 mmol/L (0.02,1.01) higher LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04) than infants not administered fish oil. Plasma triacylglycerol was inversely associated with the erythrocyte content of eicosapentaenoic acid (r = 0.34, P < 0.01), a biomarker of fish oil dose. The observed effects of fish oil are in accordance with findings in adults. The long-term health implications warrant further investigation.
Tissue-specific attenuation of endogenous DNA I-compounds in rats by carcinogen azoxymethane: Possible role of dietary fish oil in colon cancer prevention; I-compounds are bulky covalent DNA modifications that are derived from metabolic intermediates of nutrients. Some I-compounds may play protective roles against cancer, aging, and degenerative diseases. Many carcinogens and tumor promoters significantly reduce I-compound levels gradually during carcinogenesis. Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States, whereas cancer of the small intestine is relatively rare. Here we have studied levels of I-compounds in DNA of colon and duodenum of male Sprague-Dawley rats treated with azoxymethane. The effects of dietary lipids (fish oil or corn oil) on colon and duodenal DNA I-compounds were also investigated. Rats fed a diet containing fish oil or corn oil were treated with 15 mg/kg azoxymethane. Animals were terminated 0, 6, 9, 12, or 24 hours after injection. I-compound levels were analyzed by the nuclease P1-enhanced P-32-postlabeling assay. Rats treated with azoxymethane displayed lower levels of I-compounds in colon DNA compared with control groups (0 hour). However, I-compound levels in duodenal DNA were not diminished after azoxymethane treatment. Animals fed a fish oil diet showed higher levels of I-compounds in colonic DNA compared with corn oil groups (mean adduct levels for fish and corn oil groups were 13.35 and 10.69 in 10(9) nucleotides, respectively, P = 0.034). Taken together, these results support claims that fish oil, which contains a high level of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, may have potent chemopreventive effects on carcinogen-induced colon cancer. The fact that duodenal I-compounds were not diminished by azoxymethane treatment may have been due to the existence of tissue-specific factors protecting against carcinogenesis. In conclusion, our observations show that endogenous DNA adducts may serve not only as sensitive biomarkers in carcinogenesis and cancer prevention studies, but are also helpful to further our understanding of the chemopreventive properties of omega-3 fatty acids and mechanisms of carcinogenesis.
Effects of Different n6/n3 PUFAs Dietary Ratio on Cardiac Diabetic Neuropathy; We studied the influence of experimentally induced DM1, in combination with different dietary n6:n3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratios on different types of nerve fibers in rat myocardium, in order to reveal whether protective/unfavorable effects of different PUFAs on myocardial function in diabetic patients could be a (partial) repercussion of their effect on the changes in cardiac innervation. The control group (c) and diabetic group (stz) were fed with an n6/n3 ratio of approximate to 7; the diet of the stz+n6 group had an n6/n3 ratio approximate to 60, while the diet for the stz+DHA group contained 2.5% of fish oil (containing 16% eicosapentaenoic acid-EPA and 19% docosahexaenoic acid-DHA), n6/n3 ratio of approximate to 1. DM1 was induced by i.p. injection of streptozotocin (55 mg/kg) and rats were euthanized 30 days after induction. Immunohistochemistry was used for the detection and quantification of different types of neuronal fibers in the cardiac septum. We found changes in cardiac innervations characteristics for the initial phase of experimental DM1, which manifested as an increase in total number and area density of all neuronal fibers, measured by Pgp9.5 immunoreactivity. By detailed analysis, we found that this increase consisted mostly of heavy myelinated NF200 immunoreactive fibers and TH immunoreactive sympathetic fibers, while the density of ChAT immunoreactive parasympathetic fibers decreased. In the deep (middle) part of the myocardium, where rare fibers (of all studied types) were found, significant differences were not found. Surprisingly, we found a more consistent protective effect of n6 PUFAs, in comparison to n3 PUFAs supplementation. These results may provide a better understanding of the potential impacts of different PUFA ratios in the diet of diabetic patients on cardiac innervation and genesis and outcome of diabetic autonomic cardiomyopathy.
<SUP>1</SUP>H NMR-based metabolomics study on a goldfish model of Parkinson's disease induced by 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP); A goldfish (Carassius auratus) model of Parkinson's disease (PD) was constructed by a single dose of 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP) according to previously reported methods. Global metabolite changes in brain of the MPTP induced goldfish model of PD were investigated. H-1 NMR-based metabolomics combined with various statistical methods such as orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA) and two-dimensional statistical total correlation spectroscopy (2D-STOCSY) found significant increase of leucine, isoleucine, valine, alanine, alanylalanine, creatinine, myo-inositol, 18:2 fatty acid, total fatty acids, arachic alcohol, taurine and significant decrease of N-acetylaspartate, (phospho)creatine, (phospho)choline, betaine, glutamine, 3-hexenedioate, acetamide, malonate, isocitrate, scyllo-inositol, phosphatidylcholines, cholesterols, n-3 fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in brain of MPTP induced PD goldfish. These disturbed metabolite levels were involved in oxidative stress, energy failure, neuronal cell injury and death, consistent with those observed in clinical PD patients, and rodents and primates model of PD, indicating that the acute MPTP model of goldfish was an ideal and valuable model for PD research. In addition, several unusual metabolites in brain were significantly changed between MPTP induced PD and control goldfish, which might also play an important role in the pathogenesis of PD. This study also demonstrated the applicability and potential of 1H NMR-based metabolomics approach for evaluation of animal models of disease induced by chemicals, such as MPTP-induced PD goldfish. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine plasmalogens in lipid loaded human macrophages; Background
Dietary treatment for familial hypercholesterolaemia; Background
Cold hardening induces transfer of fatty acids between polar and nonpolar lipid pools in the Arctic collembollan <i>Megaphorura arctica</i>; Cold hardiness in the Arctic Collembola Megaphorura arctica (Tullberg), formerly Onychiurus arcticus, has been the subject of extensive studies over the last decade. This species employs an unusual strategy known as cryoprotective dehydration to survive winter temperatures as low as -25 degrees C. To expand knowledge of cryoprotective dehydration in M. arctica, the present study investigates how a reduction in ambient temperature affects the fatty acid composition of the total body lipid content along with polar (mainly membrane phospholipids) and nonpolar (mainly triacylglycerols) lipids. Most ectothermic animals compensate for changes in fluidity by regulating fatty acid composition, a process often described as homeoviscous adaptation. In M. arctica, changes in the fatty acid composition of total body lipid content during cold treatment are only moderate, with no clear pattern emerging. However, the levels of unsaturated fatty acids in the polar lipids increase with cold exposure, largely attributable to 16 : 1(n - 7), 18 : 1(n - 9), 18 : 3(n - 6) and 18 : 3(n - 3), whereas unsaturated fatty acid levels in the nonpolar lipids correspondingly decrease. These results suggest a reallocation of fatty acids between the two lipid pools as a response to a temperature reduction of 6 degrees C. Because of hypometabolism, a characteristic of cold adaptation, such a mechanism could be less energy demanding than de novo synthesis of fatty acids and may comprise part of an adaptive homeostatic response.
Unsaturated fatty acids induce mesenchymal stem cells to increase secretion of angiogenic mediators; Mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) represent emerging cell-based therapies for diabetes and associated complications. Ongoing clinical trials are using exogenous MSC to treat type 1 and 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and non-healing wounds due to diabetes. The majority of these trials are aimed at exploiting the ability of these multipotent mesenchymal stromal cells to release soluble mediators that reduce inflammation and promote both angiogenesis and cell survival at sites of tissue damage. Growing evidence suggests that MSC secretion of soluble factors is dependent on tissue microenvironment. Despite the contribution of fatty acids to the metabolic environment of type 2 diabetes, almost nothing is known about their effects on MSC secretion of growth factors and cytokines. In this study, human bone marrow-derived MSC were exposed to linoleic acid, an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, or oleic acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, for seven days in the presence of 5.38 mM glucose. Outcomes measured included MSC proliferation, gene expression, protein secretion and chemotaxis. Linoleic and oleic acids inhibited MSC proliferation and altered MSC expression and secretion of known mediators of angiogenesis. Both unsaturated fatty acids induced MSC to increase secretion of interleukin-6, VEGF and nitric oxide. In addition, linoleic acid but not oleic acid induced MSC to increase production of interleukin-8. Collectively these data suggest that exposure to fatty acids may have functional consequences for MSC therapy. Fatty acids may affect MSC engraftment to injured tissue and MSC secretion of cytokines and growth factors that regulate local cellular responses to injury. J. Cell. Physiol. 227: 32253233, 2012. (C) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Liver Graft Susceptibility during Static Cold Storage and Dynamic Machine Perfusion: DCD versus Fatty Livers; We compared static preservation (cold storage, CS, 4 degrees C) with dynamic preservation (machine perfusion, MP, 20 degrees C) followed by reperfusion using marginal livers: a model of donation after cardiac death (DCD) livers and two models of fatty livers, the methionine-choline deficient (MCD) diet model, and obese Zucker (fa/fa) rats. CS injury in DCD livers was reversed by an oxygenated washout (OW): hepatic damage, bile flow, and the ATP/ADP ratio in the OW + CS group was comparable with the ratio obtained with MP. Using fatty livers, CS preservation induced a marked release in hepatic and biliary enzymes in obese Zucker rats when compared with the MCD group. The same trend occurred for bile flow. No difference was found when comparing MP in MCD and obese Zucker rats. Fatty acid analysis demonstrated that the total saturated (SFA)/polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio was, respectively, 1.5 and 0.71 in obese Zucker and MCD rats. While preservation damage in DCD livers is associated with the ATP/ADP recovered with OW, injury in fatty livers is linked to fatty acid constituents: livers from obese. Zucker rats, with greater content in saturated FA, might be more prone to CS injury. On the contrary, MCD livers with elevated PUFA content might be less susceptible to hypothermia.
Chickpeas may influence fatty acid and fiber intake in an ad libitum diet, leading to small improvements in serum lipid profile and glycemic control; Optimal replacement macronutrient/s for dietary saturated fat to reduce cardiovascular disease risk remains controversial. Chickpeas are rich in dietary fiber and polyunsaturated fatty acids. This exploratory study, conducted from September 2004 to May 2005, assessed the effect of incorporating chickpeas in the ad libitum diet of 45 free-living adults. Participants consumed a minimum of 728 g of canned, drained chickpeas per week (the amount in four 300-g cans) as part of their habitual diet for 12 weeks (chickpea phase), followed by 4 weeks of habitual diet without chickpeas (usual phase). In the chickpea phase, mean dietary fiber intake was 6.77 g/day more and mean polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption (as a percentage of total fat) was 2.66% more (both P<0.001), causing the polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids ratio to change from 0.39 to 0.47 (P=0.045). Serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol were 7.7 mg/dL (0.20 mmol/L) and 7.3 mg/dL (0.19 mmol/L) less, respectively, after the chickpea phase (P <= 0.01), fasting insulin was 0.75 mu IU/mL (5.21 pmol/L) less (P=0.045), and the homeostasis assessment model of insulin resistance was 0.21 less (P=0.01). Univariate analysis revealed that dietary fiber had the greatest single effect, reducing serum total cholesterol by 15.8 mg/dL (0.41 mmol/L) (P=0.01). Polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids had equivalent but opposing effects on serum total cholesterol and insulin. Larger studies on populations with greater degrees of hypercholesterolemia and/or hyperglycemia than the participants in this study are warranted.
A review of the presence of formaldehyde in fish and seafood; Fish is an excellent source for high-quality protein, good fat (omega 3 and 6), vitamins (B, D), and minerals (Ca, P, Zn, I, Mg, K, etc.) and can lower blood pressure and help reduce the risk of a heart attack or stroke. The illegal addition of formaldehyde (FA) to extend the shelf life is a common problem reported in many countries and the FA is classified as a group 1 human carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). There is also the natural formation pathway of FA in fish and seafood. This article summarises the FA levels in fish and seafood (from 2000), formation pathways, health risk assessment, regulations, and analytical techniques to measure FA. It is shown that the reported FA levels are frequently higher than the recognised safety level of 5 mg/kg. This review highlights the requirement of a broad scale effort to measure the indigenous FA levels in fish and ensure that this can be differentiated by the illegal addition of FA. This will allow the strengthening of regulations and allow monitoring to detect and deter the practice of illegal addition of FA to fish and seafood.
Nonantiarrhythmic drug therapy for atrial fibrillation; Recent studies have begun to elucidate the molecular mechanisms that promote the generation and progressive nature of atrial fibrillation. Evidence from both experimental and clinical investigations has implicated an important role for the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, inflammation, and oxidative stress, with data that suggest a potential beneficial effect for angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers, aldosterone receptor antagonists, antiinflammatory agents, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins), and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. In addition, compounds that increase gap junctional conductance or that block 5-hydroxytryptamine-4 receptors have also shown promise in the experimental setting. Large-scale, prospective clinical trials will clarify the utility of these new therapeutic approaches to prevent atrial fibrillation in specific clinical settings.
MILDLY OXIDIZED LDL INDUCES PLATELET-AGGREGATION THROUGH ACTIVATION OF PHOSPHOLIPASE A(2); Native LDL and LDL oxidized under various conditions were compared in terms of their ability to activate platelets. Native LDL did not induce platelet shape change or aggregation, even at high concentrations (2 mg protein/mL). LDL was mildly oxidized with either CuSO4 (mox-LDL) or 3-(N-morpholino)sydnonimine (SIN-1-LDL). Analysis of mox-LDL and SIN-1-LDL showed a small increase of dienes (E(234nm) from 0.28+/-0.04 to 0.551+/-0.09, mean+/-SD) and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substance (from 0 to 10.6+/-1.5 nmol/mg, mean+/-SEM), no change in apo B electrophoretic mobility, and a minor (12% to 30%) decrease in polyunsaturated fatty acid content. Interestingly, this small oxidative modification of LDL dramatically changed its effect on platelets. Irreversible aggregation and secretion were induced by a threshold concentration of 0.4 mg protein/mL. In contrast, LDL thoroughly oxidized with CuSO4 (ox-LDL) did not aggregate platelets. Although mox-LDL was depleted in antioxidants (alpha- and gamma-tocopherol, alpha- and beta-carotene, and other carotenoids), incubation of mox-LDL with exogenous alpha-tocopherol did not reverse its ability to induce platelet aggregation and secretion. Preincubation of platelets with the cyclooxygenase inhibitor aspirin or the phospholipase A(2) inhibitors trifluoperazine, quinacrine, 4-bromophenacyl bromide, and propranolol completely prevented platelet aggregation and secretion caused by mox-LDL or SIN-1-LDL. These results indicate that mildly oxidized LDL activates platelets through a phospholipase A(2)/cyclooxygenase-dependent pathway. The complete inhibition of mox-LDL-induced platelet aggregation by aspirin could contribute to its beneficial effect in cardiovascular disease.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Prevents Saturated Fatty Acid-Induced Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction: Involvement of Long-Chain Acyl-CoA Synthetase; Aim: Vascular endothelial dysfunction is considered an early predictor of atherosclerosis. It has been proven that elevated blood levels of free fatty acids pose a substantial risk for the development of cardiovascular disease. In this study, we examined the effects of palmitic acid (PA), a saturated fatty acid, on endothelial function by using the expression of adhesion molecule, cytokines, and inflammatory protein as indicators, as well as investigated the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid, an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid.
Inflammatory stimuli alter bone marrow composition and compromise bone health in the malnourished host; Inflammation has a role in the pathogenesis of childhood malnutrition. We investigated the effect of malnutrition and inflammatory challenge on bone marrow composition and bone health. We studied an established murine model of moderate acute malnutrition at baseline and after acute inflammatory challenge with bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS), a surrogate of Gram-negative bacterial sepsis, or Leishmania donovani, the cause of visceral leishmaniasis. Both of these infections cause significant morbidity and mortality in malnourished children. Of the 2 stimuli, LPS caused more pronounced bone marrow changes that were amplified in malnourished mice. LPS challenge led to increased inflammatory cytokine expression (Il1b, Il6, and Tnf), inflammasome activation, and inflammatory monocyte accumulation in the bone marrow of malnourished mice. Depletion of inflammatory monocytes in Csfr1-LysMcre-DT malnourished mice significantly reduced the inflammasome activation and IL1-ss production after LPS challenge. The inflammatory challenge also led to increased expansion of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), bone marrow adiposity, and expression of genes (Pparg, Adipoq, and Srbp1) associated with adipogenesis in malnourished mice. This suggests that inflammatory challenge promotes differentiation of BM MSCs toward the adipocyte lineage rather than toward bone-forming osteoblasts in the malnourished host. Concurrent with this reduced osteoblastic potential there was an increase in bone-resorbing osteoclasts, enhanced osteoclast activity, upregulation of inflammatory genes, and IL-1B involved in osteoclast differentiation and activation. The resulting weakened bone formation and increased bone resorption would contribute to the bone fragility associated with malnutrition. Lastly, we evaluated the effect of replacing lipid rich in omega-6 fatty acids (corn oil) with lipid-rich in omega-3 fatty acids (fish oil) in the nutrient-deficient diet. LPS-challenged malnourished mice that received dietary fish oil showed decreased expression of inflammatory cytokines and Rankl and reduced osteoclast differentiation and activation in the bone marrow. This work demonstrates that the negative effect of inflammatory challenge on bone marrow is amplified in the malnourished host. Increasing dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids may be a means to reduce inflammation and improve bone health in malnourished children.
Activation of ATP-sensitive potassium channels as an element of the neuroprotective effects of the Traditional Chinese Medicine MLC901 against oxygen glucose deprivation; NeuroAid (MLC601 and MLC901), a Traditional Medicine used in China for patients after stroke has been reported in preclinical models of ischemia to induce neuroprotection and neuroplasticity. This work shows the effects of MLC901 on an in vitro model of oxygen glucose deprivation (OGD). MLC901 prevents neuronal death induced by 120 min OGD and decreases the exaggerated Ca2+ entry in mature cortical neurons exposed to 120 min OGD. The neuroprotective effect of MLC901 is associated with a large hyperpolarization of similar to 20 mV which is antagonized by glibenclamide, the specific inhibitor of K-ATP channels. In addition MLC901 strengthens the activation of K-ATP channels. MLC901 has been directly shown to act as an activator of K-ATP channels as potent as the classical K-ATP channel opener. The capacity of MLC901 to produce a large hyperpolarization, particularly in neurons that have suffered from energy deprivation probably plays an important role in the neuroprotective effects of this traditional medicine that comes in addition to its previously demonstrated neuroregenerative properties. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutritional value of different food sources for the benthic Daphnidae <i>Simocephaius vetulus</i>:: role of fatty acids; In this experimental study, growth, survival and fecundity of the benthic Cladoceran Simocephalus vetulus were measured when feeding on Cryptomonas ovata, Paraphysomonas vestita, Cyclidium glaucoma and particulate amorphous organic matter to investigate the nutritional value of these food sources. Cladocerans fed Cr. ovata (autotrophic flagellate) exhibited the highest fecundity and growth. Particulate organic matter (POM, mainly composed of detrital particles) and Cy. glaucoma (ciliate) supported a lower grow and neonate production. P. vestita (heterotrophic flagellate) was inadequate to promote development and fecundity of S. vetulus and also resulted in high mortality. The concentrations of (n-3) series polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the tested diets seemed to be the main factor determining their nutritional quality. S. vetulus' fecundity and increase in size were significantly correlated with the percentages of (n-3) PUFA in the diet, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3). Although PUFA concentrations in Cy. glaucoma and POM were substantially lower than those provided by Cr. ovata, an apparent ability to bioconvert PUFA allowed S. vetulus to reproduce successfully. The fatty acid profiles of neutral lipids and phospholipids of the cladocerans indicate that S. vetulus is able to synthesise long-chain PUFA from dietary C18 PUFA through a process of elongation and desaturation. However, the long chain (n-3) PUFA, especially 20: 5 (n-3), in the lipids of R vestita were apparently too scarce to be compensated for by bioconversion.
Neuroprotective effect of undecylenic acid extracted from <i>Ricinus communis</i> L. through inhibition of μ-calpain; The key neuropathological features of Alzheimer's disease are abnormal deposition of A beta plaques and insoluble A beta peptides in extracellular brain and intracellular neurofibril tangles induced by abnormal tau hyperphosphorylation. mu-Calpain is one of the factors that bridge these A beta- and hyperphosphorylated tau-mediated pathological pathways. Undecylenic acid (UDA), a naturally occurring unsaturated fatty acid, was discovered as a mu-calpain inhibitor by screening a chemical library using a substrate specific mu-calpain assay method. UDA inhibited A beta oligomerization and A beta fibrillation and reversed A beta-induced neuronal cell death. In addition, UDA scavenged ROS and reversed the levels of proapoptotic proteins induced by ROS in SH-SY5Y cells. UDA inhibited mu-calpain activity with better potency than the known peptide-like mu-calpain inhibitor, MDL28170, in SH-SY5Y and HEK293T cells transfected with the catalytic subunit of mu-calpain. These results suggest that UDA is a novel non-peptide-like mu-calpain inhibitor with good cell permeability and potent neuroprotective effect. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Nutritional recommendations for patients with heart failure; Promoting optimal nutritional intake may play an important role in the management of patients with heart failure. Unfortunately, no nutritional guidelines are currently available to assist clinicians in assuring adequate nutritional intake of these patients. The purposes of this article are to review currently available information on nutrition in heart failure and outline initial recommendations for micronutrient, protein, and omega-3 fatty intake. In addition, implications regarding the recent data showing improved health outcomes in obese patients are also addressed.
Changes in morphology and biochemical indices in browning callus derived from <i>Jatropha curcas</i> hypocotyls; Callus browning is a typical feature of callus cultures derived from the hypocotyl of Jatropha curcas. Brown callus results in decreased regenerative ability, poor growth and even death. In this study, we investigated the effect of browning on callus morphology and biochemical indices. Light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy showed striking differences in callus morphology. During browning, chlorophylls and carotenoids concentrations decreased steadily. Polyphenol oxidase (PPO) and peroxidase (POD) enzymatic activities patterns were similar during callus culture with a higher activity level at week 3 compared to week 2 or later weeks. Grey relation degree analysis indicated that PPO played a more important role than POD in enzymatic callus browning. Polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis results showed differences between browning and non-browning callus. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry results showed that saturated and unsaturated fatty acid quantities differed significantly but there was little difference in fatty acid composition between non-browning and browning callus. Differences in 17, 18.4 and 25 kDa protein concentrations were also observed in browning and non-browning callus using sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
Mechanisms of action of dietary fatty acids in regulating the activation of vascular endothelial cells during atherogenesis; Dietary long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil appear to be clearly efficient in regulating endothelial dysfunction (or activation), which is the first stage of atherogenesis. Studies on endothelial cells in vitro have shown that the main dietary PUFA and oleic acid may prevent endothelium activation either by inhibiting the expression of adhesion molecules or by improving the nitric oxide production. Saturated fatty acids and also linoleic acid do not inhibit endothelium activation. The mechanisms involved in this inhibition could be related to endothelial cell membrane characteristics or redox status. However, these findings need to be confirmed in vivo.
Can rapeseed oil replace olive oil as part of a Mediterranean-style diet?; The present narrative review compares evidence from experimental, epidemiological and clinical studies of the health benefits of rapeseed oil (RO) (known as canola oil) and olive oil (OO) in order to assess whether rapeseed oil is suitable as a sustainable alternative to OO as part of a Mediterranean-style diet in countries where olive trees do not grow. From epidemiological studies, the evidence for cardiovascular protection afforded by extra-virgin OO is 'convincing', and for cancers 'limited-suggestive', especially oestrogen receptor-negative breast cancer, but more studies are required in relation to cognitive impairment. Evidence for RO is limited to short-term studies on the biomarkers of risk factors for CVD. Any benefits of RO are likely to be due to a-linolenic acid; however, it is prone to oxidation during frying. We conclude that due to a lack of evidence from observational or intervention studies indicating that RO has comparable health benefits to extra-virgin OO, RO cannot currently be recommended as a suitable substitute for extra-virgin OO as part of a Mediterranean-style diet.
Treatment with anti-programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) antibody restored postoperative CD8+T cell dysfunction by surgical stress; Millions of patients benefit from surgery and are exposed to surgical stress. However, ample studies suggest that surgical stress contributes to tumor recurrence or distant metastases. Surgical stress suppresses CD8+ T cells (CTL) function which is vital for eliminating the malignant cells. Anti-programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) therapy is an effective and safe treatment that increases survival rate of patients with multiple cancers, however, whether anti-PD-1 therapy is able to reverse the immunosuppression following surgery remains largely unknown. Using a surgical stress mice model, we found that surgical stress reduced CD8+ T cell total numbers in the spleen and impaired CTLs function. Surgical induced CD8+ T cells had impaired anti-tumor effects in a tumor bearing models. Blockade of PD-1 with specific antibody restored CD8+ T cell numbers and secretion ability. PGE2 expression was dramatically upregulated in the postoperative serum, and anti-PD-1 together with PGE2 inhibitor restored CTLs dysfunction induced by surgery. Collectively, blockade of PD-1 with monoclonal antibody may be an effective treatment during the postoperative period for restoring surgery-induced immunosuppression. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Docosahexanoic acid antagonizes TNF-α-induced necroptosis by attenuating oxidative stress, ceramide production, lysosomal dysfunction, and autophagic features; It was previously reported that docosahexanoic acid (DHA) reduces TNF-alpha-induced necrosis in L929 cells. However, the mechanisms underlying this reduction have not been investigated. The present study was designed to investigate cellular and biochemical mechanisms underlying the attenuation of TNF-alpha-induced necroptosis by DHA in L929 cells.
Impact of ferroptosis on preeclampsia: A review; Preeclampsia (PE) is usually associated with the accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) resulting from heightened oxidative stress (OS). Ferroptosis is a unique type of lipid peroxidation-induced iron-dependent cell death distinct from traditional apoptosis, necroptosis, and pyroptosis and most likely contributes considerable to PE pathogenesis. At approximately 10-12 weeks of gestation, trophoblasts create an environment rich in oxygen and iron. In patients with PE, ferroptosis-related genes such as HIF1 and MAPK8 are downregulated, whereas PLIN2 is upregulated. Furthermore, miR-30b-5p overexpression inhibits solute carrier family 11 member 2, resulting in a decrease in glutathione levels and an increase in the labile iron pool. At the maternal-fetal interface, physiological hypoxia/reperfusion and excessive iron result in lipid peroxidation and ROS production. Owing to the high expression of Fpn and polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phospholipid-related enzymes, including acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 4, lysophosphatidylcholine acyl-transferase 3, and spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase 1, trophoblasts become more susceptible to OS and ROS damage. In stage 1, the injured trophoblasts exhibit poor invasion and incomplete uterine spiral artery remodeling caused by ferroptosis, leading to placental ischemia and hypoxia. Subsequently, ferroptosis marked by OS occurs in stage 2, eventually causing PE. We aimed to explore the new therapeutic target of PE through OS in ferroptosis.
Functional Lipids in Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic disorders that contribute to increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome is complicated, dietary lipids have been recognized as contributory factors in the development and the prevention of cardiovascular risk clustering. We investigated the physiological functions and molecular actions of functional lipids, especially omega3-polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing lipids, in the development of metabolic syndrome using obese model animals. Feeding of omega3-PUFA-containing lipids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, tetracosahexaenoic acid, and omega3-phosphatidylcholine, alleviated hepatic lipid accumulation through the suppression of lipogenic gene expression in the liver. Additionally, dietary omega3-PUFA-containing lipids increased serum adiponectin levels in obese animal models. Their molecular actions in the prevention and alleviation of metabolic syndrome could be attributed to the regulation of the activity or abundance of several transcriptional factors in the liver and adipose tissue. Dietary functional lipids would be useful to prevent or alleviate metabolic syndrome in obese animals. In particular, the function of omega3-containing lipids as dietary adiponectin inducers deserves attention with respect to alleviation of metabolic syndrome by dietary manipulation.
Molecular network analysis of phosphotyrosine and lipid metabolism in hepatic PTP1b deletion mice; Metabolic syndrome describes a set of obesity-related disorders that increase diabetes, cardiovascular, and mortality risk. Studies of liver-specific protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1b (PTP1b) deletion mice (L-PTP1b(-/-)) suggest that hepatic PTP1b inhibition would mitigate metabolic-syndrome through amelioration of hepatic insulin resistance, endoplasmic-reticulum stress, and whole-body lipid metabolism. However, the altered molecular-network states underlying these phenotypes are poorly understood. We used mass spectrometry to quantify protein-phosphotyrosine network changes in L-PTP1b(-/-) mouse livers relative to control mice on normal and high-fat diets. We applied a phosphosite-set-enrichment analysis to identify known and novel pathways exhibiting PTP1b- and diet-dependent phosphotyrosine regulation. Detection of a PTP1b-dependent, but functionally uncharacterized, set of phosphosites on lipid-metabolic proteins motivated global lipidomic analyses that revealed altered polyunsaturated-fatty-acid (PUFA) and triglyceride metabolism in L-PTP1b(-/-) mice. To connect phosphosites and lipid measurements in a unified model, we developed a multivariate-regression framework, which accounts for measurement noise and systematically missing proteomics data. This analysis resulted in quantitative models that predict roles for phosphoproteins involved in oxidation-reduction in altered PUFA and triglyceride metabolism.
Novel SREBP1 inhibitor cinobufotalin suppresses proliferation of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting lipogenesis; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the major type of primary liver cancer and a leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Cinobufotalin (CBF) is extracted from the skin secretion of the giant toad and clinically used for the treatment of liver cancer, but its molecular mechanism of anti-cancer in HCC has not yet been elucidated. Here, we showed CBF effectively promoted cell apoptosis, induced cell cycle G2-M arrest, inhibited cell proliferation and lipogenesis. Consistently, the lipogenesis ability of xenograft examined by 11C-acetate micro-PET/CT imaging, and the tumor growth rate was notably declined in a centration-dependent manner. The fatty acid profiles showed saturated and mono-unsaturated fatty acid significantly decreased after CBF treatment. Mechanistically, CBF selectively inhibited the expression of SREBP1 and interacted with SREBP1 to prevent it from sterol regulatory elements (SREs), thus inhibiting the expression of lipogenic enzymes. Collectively, our study demonstrates that CBF is a potent native compound that remarkably inhibits HCC lipogenesis and tumorigenesis. CBF may possess this therapeutic potential though interfering with de novo lipid synthesis via SREBP1.
Providing optimal nutritional support on the intensive care unit: key challenges and practical solutions; Many patients in the intensive care unit are malnourished or unable to eat. Feeding them correctly has the potential to reduce morbidity and even mortality but is a very complex procedure. The inflammatory response induced by surgery, trauma or sepsis will alter metabolism, change the ability to utilise nutrients and can lead to rapid loss of lean mass. Both overfeeding and underfeeding macronutrients can be harmful but generally it would seem optimal to give less during metabolic stress and immobility and increase in recovery. Physical intolerance of feeding such as diarrhoea or delayed gastric emptying is common in the intensive care unit. Diarrhoea can be treated with fibre or peptide feeds and anti-diarrhoeal drugs; however, the use of probiotics is controversial. Gastric dysfunction problems can often be overcome with prokinetic drugs or small bowel feeding tubes. New feeds with nutrients such as n-3 fatty acids that have the potential to attenuate excessive inflammatory responses show great promise in favourably improving metabolism and substrate utilisation. The importance of changing nutrient provision according to metabolic and physical tolerance cannot be understated and although expert groups have produced many guidelines on nutritional support of the critically ill, correct interpretation and implementation can be difficult without a dedicated nutrition health care professional such as a dietitian or a multidisciplinary nutritional support team.
ASSOCIATIONS OF FISH INTAKE AND DIETARY N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS WITH A HYPOCOAGULABLE PROFILE - THE ATHEROSCLEROSIS RISK IN COMMUNITIES (ARIC) STUDY; Recent epidemiological evidence indicates that the hemostatic profile is an important predictor of cardiovascular disease, yet its dietary determinants are not well established. An important question is whether dietary fatty acid intake influences blood levels of coagulation proteins. We examined potential dietary determinants of six hemostatic factors - fibrinogen, factor VII, factor VIII, von Willebrand factor (vWF), protein C, and antithrombin III-in four population-based samples totaling over 15000 participants, blacks and whites, in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Usual dietary intake was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional associations were explored using multiple linear regression analysis, adjusting for gender, race, age, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol use, diabetes, and field center. Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) showed negative associations with fibrinogen, factor VIII, and vWF (blacks and whites) and a positive association with protein C (whites only). Fish intake, the major source of dietary n-3 PUFAs, was similarly related to the hemostatic profile: a 1 serving per day greater fish intake was associated with the following predicted differences (95% confidence interval): fibrinogen, -2.9 mg/dL (-6.3, 0.5); factor VIII, -3.3% (-5.4, -1.3); vWF, -2.7% (-5.2, -0.1) (blacks and whites); and protein C, +0.07 mug/mL (0.03, 0.11) (whites only). Other nutrients or foods were variably associated with the hemostatic factors. These population-based associations, although cross-sectional, suggest that increases in n-3 PUFA intake from fish may modify the blood levels of several coagulation factors.
Skeletal muscle inflammation is not responsible for the rapid impairment in adiponectin response with high-fat feeding in rats; Mullen KL, Tishinsky JM, Robinson LE, Dyck DJ. Skeletal muscle inflammation is not responsible for the rapid impairment in adiponectin response with high-fat feeding in rats. Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol 299: R500-R508, 2010. First published June 16, 2010; doi: 10.1152/ajpregu.00080.2010.-Adiponectin (Ad) is an insulin- sensitizing adipokine known to stimulate fatty acid ( FA) oxidation in skeletal muscle. Skeletal muscle can become resistant to Ad very rapidly, after only 3 days of high saturated fat feeding in rats. Whether the same occurs following a high polyunsaturated fat diet is unknown. Obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia are recognized as low-grade inflammatory diseases; therefore, we hypothesized that high-fat feeding induces inflammation, which interferes with Ad action at skeletal muscle. To this end, rats were placed into one of three dietary groups, control (CON, 10% kcal from fat), high saturated ( SAT), or high polyunsaturated (PUFA) fat (60% kcal from fat) for 3 days to determine whether Ad resistance develops. Half of the animals from each group were further supplemented with aspirin, a common anti-inflammatory drug. Ad stimulated FA metabolism, Ad signaling intermediates [AdipoR1, APPL1, LKB1, AMPK, and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC)], and inflammatory proteins [Toll-like receptor (TLR4), IKK alpha/beta, I kappa B alpha, NF-kappa B, suppressor of cytokine signaling-3 (SOCS3), and JNK] were measured in soleus muscle. Three days of SAT feeding induced Ad resistance in soleus muscle, assessed as an inability of Ad to phosphorylate ACC and increase FA oxidation. In PUFA-fed animals, Ad-stimulated FA oxidation and ACC phosphorylation to the same degree as CON animals ( FA oxidation: +35%, +41%; pACC +29%, +19%; CON, PUFA, P < 0.05). However, neither SAT nor PUFA feeding for 3 days induced skeletal muscle inflammation. Surprisingly, aspirin prevented Ad-stimulated increases in FA oxidation. In conclusion, FA type is critical in the development of Ad resistance, but this does not appear to be mediated by inflammation.
Unraveling the <i>Karenia selliformis</i> complex with the description of a non-gymnodimine producing Patagonian phylotype; Karenia selliformis is a bloom-forming toxic dinoflagellate known for production of gymnodimines (GYMs) and causing mass mortalities of marine fauna. Blooms have been reported from coastal waters of New Zealand, Mexico, Tunisia, Kuwait, Iran, China and Chile. Based on molecular phylogeny, morphology, toxin production, pigment composition and cell growth of Chilean K. selliformis isolated in 2018 (CREAN_KS01 and CREAN_KS02), this study revealed a more complex diversity within this species than previously thought. A phylogenetic reconstruction based on the large sub-unit ribosomal nucleotide (LSU rDNA) and Internal Transcriber Spacer (ITS) sequences of 12 worldwide isolates showed that within the K. selliformis clade there are at least two different phylotypes with clear phenotypic differences. Morphological differences related to the dorsal-ventral compression, shape of the hyposome and the presence of pores on the left lobe of the hyposome. A comparison of pigment signatures among worldwide isolates revealed the existence of both acyl-oxyfucoxanthin and fucoxanthin-rich strains within the phylotypes. A LC-MS/MS screening on both Chilean 2018 K. selliformis strains showed for first time no GYMs production among cultured clones of this species. However, both CREAN_KS01 and CREAN_KS02 contained two compounds with the same mass transition as brevenal, a brevetoxin related compound. A fish gill cell-based assay showed that the CREAN_KS02 strain was highly cytotoxic but pure GYM standard did not exhibit loss of cell viability, even at cell concentrations equivalent or exceeding those reported in nature. The fatty acid profile of CREAN_KS02 included high levels of saturated (14:0; 16:0) and polyunsaturated (18:3 omega 6+18:5 omega 3; 22:6 omega 3) fatty acids but superoxide production in this strain was low (0.86 +/- 0.53 pmol O-2- cell(-1) h(-1)). A factorial T-S growth experiment using the CREAN_KS02 strain showed a mu(max) of 0.41 +/- 0.03 d(-1) at high salinity and temperature, which points to its optimal environmental niche in offshore waters during the summer season. In conclusion, the present study provides evidence for significant genetic and phenotypic variability among worldwide isolates, which points to the existence of a K. selliformis "species complex". The massive fauna mortality during K. selliformis bloom events in the Chilean coast cannot be explained by GYMs nor brevetoxins, but can to a large extent be accounted for by the high production of longchain PUFAs and/or still uncharacterized highly toxic compounds.
Replacing Saturated Fat With Unsaturated Fat in Western Diet Reduces Foamy Monocytes and Atherosclerosis in Male <i>Ldlr</i><SUP><i>-/-</i></SUP> Mice; Objective: A Mediterranean diet supplemented with olive oil and nuts prevents cardiovascular disease in clinical studies, but the underlying mechanisms are incompletely understood. We investigated whether the preventive effect of the diet could be due to inhibition of atherosclerosis and foamy monocyte formation in Ldlr(-/-) mice fed with a diet in which milkfat in a Western diet (WD) was replaced with extra-virgin olive oil and nuts (EVOND). Approach and Results: Ldlr(-/-) mice were fed EVOND or a Western diet for 3 (or 6) months. Compared with the Western diet, EVOND decreased triglyceride and cholesterol levels but increased unsaturated fatty acid concentrations in plasma. EVOND also lowered intracellular lipid accumulation in circulating monocytes, indicating less formation of foamy monocytes, compared with the Western diet. In addition, compared with the Western diet, EVOND reduced monocyte expression of inflammatory cytokines, CD36, and CD11c, with decreased monocyte uptake of oxLDL (oxidized LDL [low-density lipoprotein]) ex vivo and reduced CD11c(+) foamy monocyte firm arrest on vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and E-selectin-coated slides in an ex vivo shear flow assay. Along with these changes, EVOND compared with the Western diet reduced the number of CD11c(+) macrophages in atherosclerotic lesions and lowered atherosclerotic lesion area of the whole aorta and aortic sinus. Conclusions: A diet enriched in extra-virgin olive oil and nuts, compared with a Western diet high in saturated fat, lowered plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels, inhibited foamy monocyte formation, inflammation, and adhesion, and reduced atherosclerosis in Ldlr(-/-) mice.
Differential responses to docosahexaenoic acid in primary and immortalized cardiac cells; The importance of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the reduction of cardiovascular disease has been recognized for many years. Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n3, DHA) is an n-3 PUFA known to affect numerous biological functions and provide cardioprotection; however, the exact molecular and cellular protective mechanism(s) remain unknown. In contrast, DHA also possesses many anti-tumorgenic properties including suppressing cell growth and inducing apoptosis. In the present study, we investigated the effect of DHA toward H9c2 cells (an immortalized cardiac cell line) and neonatal primary cardiomyocytes (NCM). Cells were treated with 0 mu M, 10 mu M or 100 mu M DHA for upto 48 h. Cell viability and mitochondrial activity were assayed at different time points. DHA caused a significant time- and dose-dependent decrease in cell viability and mitochondrial activity in H9c2 cells but not NCM. In addition, DHA decreased levels of TGF-beta 1 but increased IL-6 release in H9c2 cells. Significant induction of apoptosis was observed only in H9c2 cells, which involved activation of caspase-8 and -3 activities with a marked release of cytochrome c from mitochondria. DHA-induced severe mitochondrial damage resulting in a fragmented and punctated morphology with corresponding loss of mitochondrial membrane potential within 3 h, prior to activation of caspases and cytochrome c release at 6 h in H9c2 cells. Our data indicate that DHA treatment targets mitochondria, triggering collapse of mitochondrial membrane potential, increasing cellular stress and mitochondrial fragmentation resulting in apoptosis in immortalized cardiac cells, H9c2, but not neonatal primary cardiomyocyte. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Avian hepatitis E virus in an outbreak of hepatitis-splenomegaly syndrome and fatty liver haemorrhage syndrome in two flaxseed-fed layer flocks in Ontario; Two commercial layer chicken flocks that were fed a flax-based diet beginning at 28 weeks of age for the production of omega-3 fatty-acid-enriched eggs experienced increased mortality when the birds reached 37 weeks. The average weekly mortality was 0.34% over a 20-week period, with peak mortality of 0.9% for 1 week. Reduced feed consumption, reduced body weight gain and poor peak production were noticed prior to the onset of increased mortality. A total of 245 birds were necropsied and 78% of these had lesions in the liver and spleen, with 44% of those necropsied having changes consistent with hepatitis - splenomegaly syndrome, with lesions ranging from acute periportal lymphoplasmacytic hepatitis to chronic severe cholangiohepatitis with haemorrhage, vasculitis and amyloidosis. A total of 11% of the birds had lesions typical of fatty liver haemorrhagic syndrome, and 22% had lesions found in both hepatitis - splenomegaly syndrome and fatty liver haemorrhagic syndrome. No significant bacteria or viruses were recovered from samples of the liver/bile or spleen but 11 of 21 bile samples contained avian hepatitis E virus RNA detectable with a reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction assay. Comparative sequence analysis found identities of 82 to 92% and 78 to 80% between the helicase and capsid protein genes, respectively, of the virus detected in this outbreak and those of other avian hepatitis E virus isolates, suggesting extensive genetic heterogeneity in avian hepatitis E viruses in Ontario flocks.
Oxidised fish oil does not influence established markers of oxidative stress in healthy human subjects: a randomised controlled trial; Intake of fish oil reduces the risk of CHD and CHD deaths. Marine n-3 fatty acids (FA) are susceptible to oxidation, but to our knowledge, the health effects of intake of oxidised fish oil have not previously been investigated in human subjects. The aim of the present study was to investigate markers of oxidative stress, lipid peroxidation and inflammation, and the level of plasma n-3 FA after intake of oxidised fish oil. In a double-blinded randomised controlled study, healthy subjects (aged 18-50 years, n 54) were assigned into one of three groups receiving capsules containing either 8 g/d of fish oil (1.6 g/d EPA + DHA; n 17), 8 g/d of oxidised fish oil (1.6 g/d EPA + DHA; n 18) or 8 g/d of high-oleic sunflower oil (n 19). Fasting blood and morning spot urine samples were collected at weeks 0, 3 and 7. No significant changes between the different groups were observed with regard to urinary 8-iso-PGF(2 alpha); plasma levels of 4-hydroxy-2-hexenal, 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal and a-tocopherol; serum high sensitive C-reactive protein; or activity of antioxidant enzymes in erythrocytes. A significant increase in plasma level of EPA + DHA was observed in both fish oil groups, but no significant difference was observed between the fish oil groups. No changes in a variety of in vivo markers of oxidative stress, lipid peroxidation or inflammation were observed after daily intake of oxidised fish oil for 3 or 7 weeks, indicating that intake of oxidised fish oil may not have unfavourable short-term effects in healthy human subjects.
In vivo activation of leukocyte GPR120/FFAR4 by PUFAs has minimal impact on atherosclerosis in LDL receptor knockout mice; G protein-coupled receptor (GPR) 120/FFA receptor (FFAR) 4 (GPR120/FFAR4) activation by n-3 PUFAs attenuates inflammation, but its impact on atherosclerosis is unknown. We determined whether in vivo activation of leukocyte GPR120/FFAR4 by n-3 versus n-6 PUFAs is atheroprotective. Leukocyte GPR120/FFAR4 WT or KO mice in the LDL receptor KO background were generated by bone marrow transplantation. Mice were fed one of the four atherogenic diets containing 0.2% cholesterol and 10% calories as palm oil (PO) + 10% calories as: 1) PO, 2) fish oil (FO; 20: 5 n-3 and 22: 6 n-3 enriched), 3) echium oil (EO; 18: 4 n-3 enriched), or 4) borage oil (BO; 18: 3 n-6 enriched) for 16 weeks. Compared with PO, mice fed BO, EO, and FO had significantly reduced plasma cholesterol, TG, VLDL cholesterol, hepatic neutral lipid, and atherosclerosis that were equivalent for WT and KO mice. In BO-, EO-, and FO-fed mice, but not PO-fed mice, lack of leukocyte GPR120/FFAR4 resulted in neutrophilia, pro-inflammatory Ly6C(hi) monocytosis, increased aortic root monocyte recruitment, and increased hepatic inflammatory gene expression.(Jlr) In conclusion, leukocyte GPR120 expression has minimal effects on dietary PUFA-induced plasma lipid/lipoprotein reduction and atheroprotection, and there is no distinction between n-3 versus n-6 PUFAs in activating anti-inflammatory effects of leukocyte GPR120/FFAR4 in vivo.
Oleic Acid Metabolism in Response to Glucose in <i>C. elegans</i>; A key response to glucose stress is an increased production of unsaturated fatty acids to balance the increase in saturated fatty acids in the membrane. The C. elegans homolog of stearoyl-CoA desaturase, FAT-7, introduces the first double bond into saturated C18 fatty acids yielding oleic acid, and is a critical regulatory point for surviving cold and glucose stress. Here, we incorporated C-13 stable isotopes into the diet of nematodes and quantified the C-13-labelled fatty acid using GC-MS and HPLC/MS-MS to track its metabolic response to various concentrations of glucose. Previous work has analyzed the membrane composition of C. elegans when responding to mild glucose stress and showed few alterations in the overall fatty acid composition in the membrane. Here, in nematodes exposed to higher concentrations of glucose, a specific reduction in oleic acid and linoleic acid was observed. Using time courses and stable isotope tracing, the response of fatty acid metabolism to increasing levels of glucose stress is characterized, revealing the funneling of monounsaturated fatty acids to preserve the abundance of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Taken together, higher levels of glucose unveil a specific reduction in oleic and linolenic acid in the metabolic rewiring required to survive glucose stress.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces the degradation of HPV E6/E7 oncoproteins by activating the ubiquitin-proteasome system; The oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV) E6/E7 proteins are essential for the onset and maintenance of HPV-associated malignancies. Here, we report that activation of the cellular ubiquitin-proteasome system (UPS) by the omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), leads to proteasome-mediated degradation of E6/E7 viral proteins and the induction of apoptosis in HPV-infected cancer cells. The increases in UPS activity and degradation of E6/E7 oncoproteins were associated with DHA-induced overproduction of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS). Exogenous oxidative stress and pharmacological induction of mitochondrial ROS showed effects similar to those of DHA, and inhibition of ROS production abolished UPS activation, E6/E7 viral protein destabilization, and apoptosis. These findings identify a novel role for DHA in the regulation of UPS and viral proteins, and provide evidence for the use of DHA as a mechanistically unique anticancer agent for the chemoprevention and treatment of HPV-associated tumors.
Effect of docosahexaenoic acid plus insulin on atherosclerotic human endothelial cells; Background Atherosclerosis is touted as one of the most critical consequences of diabetes mellitus indicated by local inflammation of endothelial cells. The Effect of Omega 3 fatty acids, mainly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been investigated in cells after exposure to high doses of lipids. The current experiment aimed to address the modulatory effects of docosahexaenoic acid and insulin in palmitic-treated human endothelial cells. Methods Human umbilical vein endothelial cells were treated with 1 mM palmitic acid, 50 mu M insulin, 50 mu M docosahexaenoic acid, and their combination for 48 h. Cell survival rate and apoptosis were measured using MTT and flow cytometry assays. The Griess assay detected NO levels. Protein levels of TNF-alpha, IL-6, and NF-kappa B were studied using ELISA and immunofluorescence imaging. The expression of genes participating in atherosclerosis was monitored using PCR array analysis. Results Oil Red O staining showed the inhibitory effect of DHA and insulin to reduce the intracellular accumulation of palmitic acid. Both DHA and Insulin blunted palmitic acid detrimental effects on HUVECs indicated by an increased survival rate (p < 0.05). The percent of apoptotic cells was decreased in palmitic-treated cells received insulin and DHA compared to palmitic-treated group (p < 0.05). Based on our data, DHA and Insulin diminished the production of all inflammatory cytokines, TNF-alpha, IL-6, and NF-kappa B, in palmitic-treated cells (p < 0.05). Similar to these data, NO production was also decreased in all groups treated with insulin and DHA compared to the palmitic-treated cells (p < 0.05). PCR array analysis revealed the modulatory effect of DHA and insulin on the expression of atherosclerosis-related genes pre-treated with palmitic acid compared to the control group (p < 0.05). Conclusion DHA and Insulin could alter the dynamic growth and dysfunctional activity of human endothelial cells after treatment with palmitic acid. Taken together, Omega 3 fatty acids, along with insulin, could dictate specific cell behavior in endothelial cells in vitro.
FUNCTION OF GLYCEROL, CHOLESTEROL AND LONG-CHAIN FATTY ACIDS IN NUTRITION OF MYCOPLASMA MYCOIDES; Mycoplasma mycoides var. mycoides requires for growth a number of preformed lipid precursors. Media containing glycerol, cholesterol, a saturated and an unsatured fatty acid, defatted bovine serum albumin and an additional defatted serum protein fraction (Fraction C) can supply these requirements. Albumin is believed to function by binding fatty acids, and Fraction C by binding cholesterol. The requirement for a saturated fatty acid can be satisfied by myristic, palmitic, stearic or margaric acid, lauric acid being less effective. The requirement for an unsaturated fatty acid can be satisfied by oleic acid, linoleic and linolenic acids being less effective. Organisms incubated in a medium deficient in either glycerol, the Fraction C + cholesterol system, or oleate, but adequate with respect to all other nutrients, died rapidly. Death was accompanied by lysis. Death due to a deficiency of glycerol or of cholesterol was prevented by the omission of uracil (an essential nutrient) or by addition of chloramphen-icol. Death due to oleate deficiency was not prevented by the omission of uracil. Morphological changes which resulted from each of these deficiencies are illustrated by electron micrographs. The hypothesis is advanced that glycerol, cholesterol and long-chain fatty acids are all needed for the synthesis of an undetermined cell component which is necessary for the structural integrity of the cell, and that the synthesis of this is more sensitive to a deficiency of these nutrients than is the synthesis of cytoplasm.
Regulation of Fatty Acid Metabolism by FadR Is Essential for <i>Vibrio vulnificus</i> To Cause Infection of Mice; The opportunistic bacterial pathogen Vibrio vulnificus causes severe wound infection and fatal septicemia. We used alkaline phosphatase insertion mutagenesis in a clinical isolate of V. vulnificus to find genes necessary for virulence, and we identified fadR, which encodes a regulator of fatty acid metabolism. The fadR:: mini-Tn5Km2phoA mutant was highly attenuated in a subcutaneously inoculated iron dextran-treated mouse model of V. vulnificus disease, was hypersensitive to the fatty acid synthase inhibitor cerulenin, showed aberrant expression of fatty acid biosynthetic (fab) genes and fatty acid oxidative (fad) genes, produced smaller colonies on agar media, and grew slower in rich broth than did the wild-type parent. Deletion of fadR essentially recapitulated the phenotypes of the insertion mutant, and the Delta fadR mutation was complemented in trans with the wild-type gene. Further characterization of the Delta fadR mutant showed that it was not generally hypersensitive to envelope stresses but had decreased motility and showed an altered membrane lipid profile compared to that of the wild type. Supplementation of broth with the unsaturated fatty acid oleate restored wild-type growth in vitro, and infection with oleate in the inoculum increased the ability of the Delta fadR mutant to infect mice. We conclude that fadR and regulation of fatty acid metabolism are essential for V. vulnificus to be able to cause disease in mammalian hosts.
Nutrition; The favorable effect of a healthy diet on the initial development and the further progression of atherosclerosis has been demonstrated. The effect is significant even in patients with adequate pharmacological treatment. Nutrition should be calorie-adjusted high in fiber, low in total fat and in saturated fats (< 10% of calories) and cholesterol (< 300 mg/day). Mono-unsaturated fatty acids and omega-3 fatty acids have beneficial effects. Therefore fatty fish more than once a week, nuts, fruits and vegetables (> 400 g/day) have a prognostically favorable effect, whereas the supplemental use of antioxidative vitamins is of no proven benefit. These recommendations result from the experience gained over generations in millions of people in different countries (Mediterranean and Asian) with a low rate of coronary events and a high life expectancy. These dietary habits are associated with a low rate of neoplasm and of osteoporosis. The recommendation for this type of diet is a class-I recommendation.
Lipoproteins, nutrition, and heart disease; This article reviews the current status of our knowledge of lipoproteins, nutrition, and coronary heart disease (CHD). Special emphasis is placed on CHD risk assessment, dietary intervention studies, diet-gene interactions, and current dietary guidelines and the contributions of my laboratory to these areas. CHD remains a major cause of death and disability, and risk factors include age, sex, hypertension, smoking, diabetes, elevated serum LDL cholesterol, and low HDL cholesterol. Emerging independent risk factors include elevated serum concentrations of lipoprotein(a), remnant lipoproteins, and homocysteine. The cornerstone of CHD prevention is lifestyle modification. Dietary intervention studies support the concepts that restricting saturated fat and cholesterol and increasing the intake of essential fatty acids, especially n-3 fatty acids, reduces CHD risk. The variability in LDL-cholesterol response to diet is large, related in part to APOE and APOA4 genotype. The use of antioxidants in intervention studies has not been shown to reduce CHD risk. Compliance with dietary recommendations remains a major problem, and directly altering the food supply may be the most effective way to ensure compliance. The available data indicate that the recommendation to use fats, oils, and sugars sparingly for CHD prevention should be modified to a recommendation to use animal, dairy, and hydrogenated fats; tropical oils; egg yolks; and sugars sparingly and to increase the use of vegetables, fruit, and whole grains.
Nutrient pattern of unsaturated fatty acids and vitamin E increase resting metabolic rate of overweight and obese women; Objectives: Obesity plays an important role in the development of chronic diseases including cardiovascular disease and diabetes. A tow resting metabolic rate (RMR) for a given body size and composition is a risk factor for obesity, however, there is limited evidence available regarding the association of nutrient patterns and RMR. The aim of this study was to determine the association of nutrient patterns and RMR in overweight and obese women. Study design: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 360 women who were overweight or obese. Method: Dietary intake was assessed using a semi-quantitative standard food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Nutrient patterns were also extracted by principal components analysis (PCA). All participants were evaluated for their body composition, RMR, and blood parameters. Result: Three nutrient patterns explaining 64% of the variance in dietary nutrients consumption were identified as B-complex-mineral, antioxidant, and unsaturated fatty acid and vitamin E (USFA-vit E) respectively. Participants were categorized into two groups based on the nutrient patterns. High scores of USFA-vit E pattern was significantly associated with the increase of RMR (beta = 0.13, 95% CI = 0.79 to 68.16, p = 0.04). No significant associations were found among B-complex-mineral pattern (beta = -0.00, 95% CI = -49.67 to 46.03, p = 0.94) and antioxidant pattern (beta = 0.03, 95% CI -41.42 to 22.59, p = 0.56) with RMR. Conclusion: Our results suggested that the "USFA-vit E" pattern (such as PUFA, oleic, linoleic, vit.E, alpha-tocopherol and EPA) was associated with increased RMR.
Effect of soy lecithin on total cholesterol content, fatty acid composition and carcass characteristics in the Longissimus dorsi of Hanwoo steers (Korean native cattle); This study aims to investigate the effect of soy lecithin on the total cholesterol content, the fatty acid composition and carcass characteristics in the Longissimus dorsi in Hanwoo steers. Hanwoo steers (24 head) were fed two diets: Control (CON) (concentrate+alcohol-fermented feed (AFF)) and soy lecithin treatment (CON+soy lecithin at 0.5% of the AFF). Soy lecithin treatment increased average daily gain, serum concentrations of triglyceride, total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol in the blood. A lower cholesterol concentration was found in the Longissimus dorsi for the soy lecithin diet compared to the CON diet. With respect to the marbling score and quality grade of Longissimus dorsi, soy lecithin supplementation significantly increased the C20:5n3, C22:4 and polyunsaturated fatty acids contents compared to the CON diet. Soy lecithin supplementation would alter the total cholesterol content, polyunsaturated fatty acid profile and meat quality of Longissimus dorsi.
Risk factors for paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy in patients with breast cancer; BackgroundPaclitaxel induced peripheral neuropathy (PIPN) is a major debilitating side effect of paclitaxel in patients with breast cancer with no fully known mechanisms. The aim of the study was to find out the possible risk factors for PIPN.MethodsEligible patients with node positive breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy with paclitaxel were assessed. They belonged to an initial randomized controlled trial in which the effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids in preventing and reducing severity of PIPN was evaluated (protocol ID: NCT01049295). Reduced total neuropathy score (r-TNS) was used for measuring PIPN. All analyses were performed adjusting for intervention effect. The association between age, BMI, BSA, pathological grade, molecular biomarkers and PIPN was evaluated.ResultsFifty-seven patients with breast cancer were investigated. Age was significantly associated with risk of PIPN (RR:1.50, P value=.024). Body mass index and BSA had significant association with severity of PIPN (B:1.28, P=.025; and B: 3.88, P=.010 respectively). Also, BSA showed a significant association with the risk of PIPN (RR: 2.28, P=.035; B: 3.88, P=.035). Incidence and severity of PIPN were much more pronounced in progesterone receptor positive (PR+) patients (RR:1.88, P=.015 and B:1.54, P=.012). Multivariate analysis showed that age and the status of PR+ were independent risk factor for incidence and the status of PR+ was the only independent risk factor for severity of PIPN.ConclusionAge, BSA and the status of PR+, should be considered as the risk factors for PIPN before commencement of chemotherapy with paclitaxel in patients with breast cancer. Older patients, those with greater BSA and PR+ patients may need closer follow up and more medical attention due to greater incidence and severity of PIPN.
Modulation of obesity-induced inflammation by dietary fats: mechanisms and clinical evidence; Obesity plays a pivotal role in the development of low-grade inflammation. Dietary fatty acids are important modulators of inflammatory responses. Saturated fatty acids (SFA) and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been reported to exert pro-inflammatory effects. n-3 PUFA in particular, possess anti-inflammatory properties. Numerous clinical studies have been conducted over decades to investigate the impact of dietary fatty acids on inflammatory response in obese individuals, however the findings remained uncertain. High fat meals have been reported to increase pro-inflammatory responses, however there is limited evidence to support the role of individual dietary fatty acids in a postprandial state. Evidence in chronic studies is contradictory, the effects of individual dietary fatty acids deserves further attention. Weight loss rather than n-3 PUFA supplementation may play a more prominent role in alleviating low grade inflammation. In this context, the present review provides an update on the mechanistic insight and the influence of dietary fats on low grade inflammation, based on clinical evidence from acute and chronic clinical studies in obese and overweight individuals.
Neuro-nutrients as anti-alzheimer's disease agents: A critical review; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is characterized by a massive neuronal death causing memory loss, cognitive impairment and behavioral alteration that ultimately lead to dementia and death. AD is a multi-factorial pathology controlled by molecular events such as oxidative stress, protein aggregation, mitochondrial dysfunction and neuro inflammation. Nowadays, there is no efficient disease-modifying treatment for AD and epidemiological studies have suggested that diet and nutrition have a significant impact on the development of this disorder. Indeed, some nutrients can protect all kind of cells, including neurons. As prevention is better than cure, life style improvement, with a special emphasis on diet, should seriously be considered as an anti-AD track and intake of nutrients promoting neuronal health is the need of the hour. Diets rich in unsaturated fatty acids, polyphenols and vitamins have been shown to protect against AD, whereas saturated fatty acids-containing diets deprived of polyphenols promote the development of the disease. Thus, Mediterranean diets, mainly composed of fruits, vegetables and omega-3 fatty acids, stand as valuable, mild and preventive anti-AD agents. This review focuses on our current knowledge in the field and how one can fight this devastating neurodegenerative disorder through the simple proper modification of our life style.
Lipidomic changes in a novel sepsis outcome-based analysis reveals potent pro-inflammatory and pro-resolving signaling lipids; The purpose of this study was to investigate changes in the lipidome of patients with sepsis to identify signaling lipids associated with poor outcomes that could be linked to future therapies. Adult patients with sepsis were enrolled within 24h of sepsis recognition. Patients meeting Sepsis-3 criteria were enrolled from the emergency department or intensive care unit and blood samples were obtained. Clinical data were collected and outcomes of rapid recovery, chronic critical illness (CCI), or early death were adjudicated by clinicians. Lipidomic analysis was performed on two platforms, the Sciex (TM) 5500 device to perform a lipidomic screen of 1450 lipid species and a targeted signaling lipid panel using liquid-chromatography tandem mass spectrometry. For the lipidomic screen, there were 274 patients with sepsis: 192 with rapid recovery, 47 with CCI, and 35 with early deaths. CCI and early death patients were grouped together for analysis. Fatty acid (FA) 12:0 was decreased in CCI/early death, whereas FA 17:0 and 20:1 were elevated in CCI/early death, compared to rapid recovery patients. For the signaling lipid panel analysis, there were 262 patients with sepsis: 189 with rapid recovery, 45 with CCI, and 28 with early death. Pro-inflammatory signaling lipids from omega-6 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including 15-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic (HETE), 12-HETE, and 11-HETE (oxidation products of arachidonic acid [AA]) were elevated in CCI/early death patients compared to rapid recovery. The pro-resolving lipid mediator from omega-3 PUFAs, 14(S)-hydroxy docosahexaenoic acid (14S-HDHA), was also elevated in CCI/early death compared to rapid recovery. Signaling lipids of the AA pathway were elevated in poor-outcome patients with sepsis and may serve as targets for future therapies.
Metabolic Syndrome in Childhood from Impaired Carbohydrate Metabolism to Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Compelling evidence supports the concept that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents the hepatic component of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Intrahepatic fat seems to predict more strongly than does visceral adiposity an individual's cardiovascular risk and the likelihood that metabolic abnormalities are present in youth.
Some food and drug administration perspectives of fat and fatty acids; Because of public health concerns about the amount of fat in the American diet, the Food and Drug Administration and the US Department of Agriculture have emphasized use of the recently reformed food label to inform consumers about the fat and fatty acid contents of foods. The health effects of specific fatty acids continue to be the subject of much research, discussion, and debate. Issues that must be addressed to further improve the communication effectiveness of the food label include health effects of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids; appropriate labeling of trans fatty acids, stearic acid, and other non-cholesterol-raising fatty acids; partially absorbed fats; and label claims, especially health claims, for specific fatty acids and fatty acids of biotechnologically altered foods.
Intake of added oils and fats among middle-aged French adults: Relationships with educational level and region of residence; Objective To describe the relative contribution of 10 created food groups to total fat intake in middle-aged subjects. The relationship of added oil and fat intake with region of residence and educational level was also assessed.
Scientific basis of fat requirement for Indians and recent trends in CVD; Dietary fats have several roles such as provision of metabolic energy, fat soluble vitamins and essential fatty acids (linoleic, LA and a-linolenic, ALNA). Fats improve texture and palatability and have a satiety role. LA and ALNA and their long-chain polyunstaturated fatty acids (LC n-6 PUFA and LC n-3 PUFA respectively) are important structural membrane components and therefore essential for formation of new tissues. LC n-3 PUFA have specific role in vision and nervous system. Both n-6 and n-3 PUFA are essential for fetal and early infant growth and development and nervous tissue development. The absolute levels and ratio of n-6 and n-3 PUFA in membrane affect a wide range of physiological processes either directly or through eicosanoids. The individual components of fats affect the risk of diet - related chronic diseases through the atherogenic effects of plasma lipids, insulin resistance, thrombosis, endothelial dysfunction as well as pathways of inflammation. The chain length/geometric configuration of double bonds and position of saturated (SFA), mono unsaturated (MUFA) or PUFA on glycerol backbone (triglyceride structure) modify the nutritional and metabolic effects of dietary fats. The non-glyceride components present in the vegetable oils have hypocholesterolemic and antioxidant effects. Several lines of evidence have documented that restrictions in SFA and cholesterol, negligible intake of trans fatty acids (TFA) on the one hand and preference for more than one type of vegetable oil (to ensure adequate absolute intakes of LA, ALNA and their ratio), adding n-3 PUFA from fish or plant sources, and ensuring moderate intake of total fat in the diet substantially reduces the risk of diet-related chronic diseases. Studies were done at National Institute of Nutrition on intake of individual fatty acids, the pro/anti-athero-thrombogenic effects of different types of visible fats in Indian adults, insulin sensitivity and the antioxidant properties of unique non glyceride components of some of the commonly consumed edible oils. From the data generated, the quantity and combination of visible fats, foods to be preferred so as to increase 'healthy fats', foods to be avoided/restricted to reduce 'unhealthy fats' have been worked out. Ensuring optimal intake of fat (quantity and quality) throughout life-span may contribute to the widely prevalent nutrition and health problems in India (low birth weight, chronic energy deficiency and diet-related chronic diseases).
Fish oil reduces the proliferation of cells cultured from human breast and colorectal tumours: An <i>in vitro</i> study; Diet plays a key role in the aetiology of cancer. Some studies have shown that diets rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUPA) reduce tumour growth. This study aimed to investigate the effects of fish oil, rich in n-3 PUFA, in cell proliferation and death of cells from breast and colorectal tumours. In the presence of 1:5 (v/v) dilution of fish oil, 1.8-fold reduction in cell proliferation (p < 0.05) was observed. In addition, the presence of fish oil at a 1:5 proportion led to 1.6-fold increase in the rate of apoptosis, 6.7-fold increase in hydroperoxides, and 5-fold reduction in necrosis (p < 0.0001). (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The Effects of Vitamin D Supplementation on Musculoskeletal Health: The VITAL and DO-Health Trials; Previous clinical trials and systematic reviews on the effects of supplemental vitamin D on musculoskeletal outcomes are conflicting. In this paper, we review the literature and summarize the effects of a high daily dose of 2 000 IU vitamin D on musculoskeletal outcomes in generally healthy adults, in men (& GE;50 years) and women (& GE;55 years) in the 5.3-year US VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) trial (n = 25 871) and women and men (& GE;70 years) in the 3-year European DO-HEALTH trial (n = 2 157). These studies found no benefit of 2 000 IU/d of supplemental vitamin D on nonvertebral fractures, falls, functional decline, or frailty. In VITAL, supplementation with 2 000 IU/d of vitamin D did not reduce the risk of total or hip fractures. In a subcohort of VITAL, supplemental vitamin D did not improve bone density or structure (n = 771) or physical performance measures (n = 1 054). In DO-HEALTH, which investigated additive benefits of vitamin D with omega-3 and a simple home exercise program, the 3 treatments combined showed a significant 39% decreased odds of becoming prefrail compared to the control. The mean baseline 25(OH)D levels were 30.7 & PLUSMN; 10 ng/mL in VITAL and 22.4 & PLUSMN; 8.0 ng/mL in DO-HEALTH and increased to 41.2 ng/mL and 37.6 ng/mL in the vitamin D treatment groups, respectively. In generally healthy and vitamin D-replete older adults not preselected for vitamin D deficiency or low bone mass or osteoporosis, 2 000 IU/d of vitamin D had no musculoskeletal health benefits. These findings may not apply to individuals with very low 25(OH)D levels, gastrointestinal disorders causing malabsorption, or those with osteoporosis.
Rapid induction of apoptosis in prostate cancer cells by selenium: reversal by metabolites of arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase; Recent clinical trials have documented that selenium significantly reduces the incidence of clinical prostate cancer. However, nothing is clearly known about the underlying molecular mechanisms by which selenium exerts its anti-cancer effect. This report provides evidence that selenium at micro-molar concentrations induces rapid apoptotic death in human prostate cancer cells, but not in normal prostate epithelial cells. Apoptosis involves activation of caspase 3 which plays a critical role in the cell death process. Interestingly, the apoptosis-inducing effect of selenium in prostate cancer cells is substantially alleviated by the 5-lipoxygenase metabolites, 5(S)-HETE and its dehydrogenated derivative 5-oxoETE, but not by metabolites of 12-lipoxygenase (12(S)-HETE) or 15-lipoxygenase (15(S)-HETE). Apoptosis is also prevented by their precursor, arachidonic acid, an omega-6, polyunsaturated fatty acid, presumably by metabolic conversion through the 5-lipoxygenase pathway. These results indicate that selenium's anticancer effect may involve induction of apoptosis specifically in prostate cancer cells sparing normal prostate epithelial cells, and that 5-lipoxygenase may be a molecular target of selenium's anticancer action. The present report warrants that care should be taken about high intake of dietary fat containing arachidonic acid or its precursor fatty acids when selenium is used for the management of prostate cancer, and suggests that a combination of selenium and 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors may be a more effective regimen for prostate cancer control. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The lipid flippase SLC47A1 blocks metabolic vulnerability to ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is cell death caused by lipid peroxidation and plasma membrane rupture. Here, the authors report an additional role for the lipid flippase SLC47A1 as a regulator of lipid remodeling and survival during ferroptosis, thereby providing a metabolic target for overcoming drug resistance.
DEVELOPMENT OF AN IN-VITRO MODEL OF ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID DEFICIENCY IN FISH CELLS; Levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5, n-3) greatly exceed those of arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4, n-6) in the tissue phospholipids of most fish species, Despite this, it is 20:4, n-6-derived eicosanoids that are produced predominantly in fish cells, The development of an essential fatty acid (EFA)-deficient fish cell line would greatly assist the study of this selectivity and so several fish cell lines were cultured in EFA-deficient (EFAD) media, All n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and total PUFA were considerably reduced in all lines, except turbot fin (TF) in which total n-9 PUFA doubled from 13.8% to 27.5% of total fatty acids, In the topminnow hepatocarcinoma cell line (PLHC-1), there was almost complete depletion of both n-3 and n-6 PUFA and in TF cells, no n-3 PUFA were detected, In the carp epithelial papilloma cell line (EPC), both n-6 and n-3 PUFA were reduced by approximately 70%, The reduced PUFA in cells cultured in EFAD media was compensated to a large extent in most cell lines by significantly increased percentages of monounsaturated fatty acids, particularly 18:1, n-9, Total n-9 PUFA were significantly increased in all cell lines by culture in EFAD media, with 20:2, n-9 significantly increased in all cell lines, There were relatively small increases, but often significant, in 20:3, n-9 in all cell lines, Of the cell lines investigated, only EPC and PLHC-1 showed proliferation after four passages in EFAD medium, although the growth rates were reduced in comparison with media supplemented with serum, but EPC was the only cell line able to survive and proliferate in longterm culture on EFAD medium, The EFAD-EPC line is a potentially useful model system for the study of the effects of EFA deficiency on cell structure and function and eicosanoid metabolism in fish,
CORRELATION OF CHLOROPLAST ULTRASTRUCTURE AND MEMBRANE LIPID-COMPOSITION TO THE DIFFERENT DEGREES OF FROST-RESISTANCE ACHIEVED IN LEAVES OF SPINACH, IVY, AND SPRUCE; The leaves of moderately hardy (spinach) very hardy (ivy) and extremely hardy (spruce) plants [classification according to Levitt (1980)] show characteristic differences with respect to changes in membrane lipid composition and chloroplast ultrastructure which are correlated with the degrees of the frost resistance achieved by each type of tissue during adaptation to sub-zero temperatures. Spinach leaves showed no increase in their total lipid content on frost hardening. The amount of galactolipids [GL] decreased considerably, whereas that of phospholipids [PL] only slightly increased. No shift from the saturated palmitic acid to the 3-fold unsaturated linolenic acid was observed. The membrane lipid content of ivy leaves and spruce needles increased to a similar extent during frost hardening. In contrast to spruce needles, a distinct preferential accumulation of the phospholipids was observed in ivy leaves, resulting in an increased PL/GL ratio. A considerable shift from  saturated (palmitic) to unsaturated fatty acids was detected in both plants, due mainly to an increase in the proportion of linolenic acid in spruce. In spite of the considerable increase in lipid content, no increase in chloroplast number per cell could be detected in ivy leaves, although the length of the thylakoids was nearly doubled and the plastids appeared to be in a division stage; no real division could ever be observed. An increase in the number of chloroplasts and mitochondria was observed in spruce needles. Membrane augmentation became further evident by the many large invaginations of the chloroplast envelope formed when the frost-hardened leaves of ivy or spruce were exposed to sub-zero temperatures which they could just survive.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury; Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a life threatening respiratory failure due to lung injury from a variety of precipitants. Pathologically ARDS is characterised by diffuse alveolar damage, alveolar capillary leakage, and protein rich pulmonary oedema leading to the clinical manifestation of poor lung compliance, severe hypoxaemia, and bilateral infiltrates on chest radiograph. Several aetiological factors associated with the development of ARDS are identified with sepsis, pneumonia, and trauma with multiple transfusions accounting for most cases. Despite the absence of a robust diagnostic definition, extensive epidemiological investigations suggest ARDS remains a significant health burden with substantial morbidity and mortality. Improvements in outcome following ARDS over the past decade are in part due to improved strategies of mechanical ventilation and advanced support of other failing organs. Optimal treatment involves judicious fluid management, protective lung ventilation with low tidal volumes and moderate positive end expiratory pressure, multi-organ support, and treatment where possible of the underlying cause. Moreover, advances in general supportive measures such as appropriate antimicrobial therapy, early enteral nutrition, prophylaxis against venous thromboembolism and gastrointestinal ulceration are likely contributory reasons for the improved outcomes. Although therapies such as corticosteroids, nitric oxide, prostacyclins, exogenous surfactants, ketoconazole and antioxidants have shown promising clinical effects in animal models, these have failed to translate positively in human studies. Most recently, clinical trials with beta 2 agonists aiding alveolar fluid clearance and immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids have also provided disappointing results. Despite these negative studies, mortality seems to be in decline due to advances in overall patient care. Future directions of research are likely to concentrate on identifying potential biomarkers or genetic markers to facilitate diagnosis, with phenotyping of patients to predict outcome and treatment response. Pharmacotherapies remain experimental and recent advances in the modulation of inflammation and novel cellular based therapies, such as mesenchymal stem cells, may reduce lung injury and facilitate repair.
Childhood Conditions and Education as Determinants of Adult Height and Obesity Among Greenland Inuit; Height and obesity are risk factors for cardiovascular disease and other physical and mental health conditions. Their association with childhood socioeconomic position has been demonstrated in studies among European and a few third world populations. In a random sample of adult Greenland Inuit (N = 2302) we studied the association between childhood socioeconomic conditions and height as well as prevalence of obesity (BMI >= 30) in a cross sectional design. In block recursive graphical independence models, height was associated with mother's place of birth, birth cohort, childhood residence, alcohol problems in childhood home, and education among both men and women. Obesity was associated with mother's place of birth (for men) and with alcohol problems (for women). In General Linear Models, men with an all rural background and no education beyond primary school measured on average 165.1 cm compared with 172.1 cm for men with an all urban background (P < 0.001); women measured 153.9 and 161.1 cm (P < 0.001). Rural-urban differences in prevalence of obesity were not statistically significant. The height differences were considerably larger than between educational groups in European countries and of the same order of magnitude as those reported between men from the 17th century and men from 400 BC in the European and Mediterranean region. The rural-urban gradient in height follows the socioeconomic gradient and may negatively affect cardiovascular risk among the rural Greenlanders, while their physically active lifestyle and high consumption of n-3 fatty acids may counteract this. Am. J. Hum. Biol. 22:360-366, 2010. (C) 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The relationship between the number of stenotic coronary arteries and the gut microbiome in coronary heart disease patients; An increasing number of studies have shown that the gut microbiome plays an important role in the development of coronary heart disease (CHD). However, there are no clear studies on the relationship between the gut microbiome and the number of stenotic coronary arteries. To clarify whether the gut microbiome is associated with the number of stenotic coronary arteries in CHD, we performed the 16S rRNA gene sequencing for the V3-V4 region in the gut microbiota from 9 healthy controls (C) and 36 CHD patients, which including 25 CHD patients with multivessel (MV) lesion and 11 CHD patients with single-vessel (SV) lesion. It showed that the abundance of the genus Escherichia-Shigella was significantly increased in the MV and SV groups compared with C group, while the abundance of the genera Subdoligranulum and Collinsella was significantly decreased. Biomarkers based on three gut microbiotas (Escherichia-Shigella, Subdoligranulum, and Collinsella) and three plasma metabolites(left atrial diameter (LA), low density lipoprotein (LDL), and total bile acids (TBA)) were able to distinguish CHD patients with different numbers of stenotic coronary arteries. Functional prediction of the gut microbiome was performed based on the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) database. The results showed that the gut microbial function of MV and SV group patients was richer than C group in betaine biosynthesis and unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, in the contrast less than C group in sphingolipid metabolism and primary bile acid biosynthesis. In summary, our study showed that the composition and function of the gut microbiome changed significantly from healthy controls to CHD patients with different numbers of coronary lesions.
Fish consumption and its motives in households with versus without self-reported medical history of CVD: A consumer survey from five European countries; Background: The purpose of this study was to explore the cross-cultural differences in the frequency of fish intake and in motivations for fish consumption between people from households with (CVD+) or without (CVD-) medical history of cardiovascular disease, using data obtained in five European countries.
Acyl-CoA thioesterase 1 prevents cardiomyocytes from Doxorubicin-induced ferroptosis via shaping the lipid composition; In this study, we first established the doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity (DIC) model with C57BL/6 mice and confirmed cardiac dysfunction with transthoracic echocardiography examination. RNA-sequencing was then performed to explore the potential mechanisms and transcriptional changes in the process. The metabolic pathway, biosynthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acid was significantly altered in DOX-treated murine heart, and Acot1 was one of the leading-edge core genes. We then investigated the role of Acot1 to ferroptosis that was reported recently to be related to DIC. The induction of ferroptosis in the DOX-treated heart was confirmed by transmission electron microscopy, and the inhibition of ferroptosis using Fer-1 effectively prevented the cardiac injury as well as the ultrastructure changes of cardiomyocyte mitochondrial. Both in vitro and in vivo experiments proved the downregulation of Acot1 in DIC, which can be partially prevented with Fer-1 treatment. Overexpression of Acot1 in cell lines showed noteworthy protection to ferroptosis, while the knock-down of Acot1 sensitized cardiomyocytes to ferroptosis by DIC. Finally, the heart tissue of alpha MHC-Acot1 transgenic mice presented altered free fatty acid composition, indicating that the benefit of Acot1 in the inhibition of ferroptosis lies biochemically and relates to its enzymatic function in lipid metabolism in DIC. The current study highlights the importance of ferroptosis in DIC and points out the potential protective role of Acot1 in the process. The beneficial role of Acot1 may be related to its biochemical function by shaping the lipid composition. In all, Acot1 may become a potential treating target in preventing DIC by anti-ferroptosis.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk.
SERUM-LIPIDS IN SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS AND SPRAGUE-DAWLEY RATS FED MENHADEN OIL; Dietary n-3 fatty acids, abundant in fish oil, exert a variety of effects that attenuate cardiovascular disease. In this study, we assessed the effect of fish oil (menhaden oil) on the serum lipid profile in hypertensive and normotensive rats. Spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) or Sprague-Dawley rats (SD) were fed either standard powdered diet (L-485), or L-485 + 5% menhaden oil (MO) or L-485 + 5% corn oil (CO) from weaning through eight months of age. Systolic blood pressure (BP) was  periodically determined on SHR. Serum lipid profiles were performed at eight months on samples taken from the exposed hearts of anesthetized, fasted rats. SHR, compared with SD (diets combined) had significantly lower triacylglycerols (TG), higher cholesterol (CHOL), higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL CHOL), higher low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL CHOL), and a higher LDL:HDL ratio. Comparisons among diets (strains combined) revealed that rats fed MO had the lowest values  for TG, CHOL, LDL and LDL:HDL; HDL did not vary with diet. SHR were less responsive to diet-induced changes than were SD; no decrease in TG, LDL or LDL:HDL was observed in SHR, nor was degree of hypertension altered in SHR by the MO or CO diet. In summary, MO is more effective than CO in shifting the lipid profile of rats toward one that is less atherogenic. However, the SD rat is more susceptible to diet-induced lipid modification than is the SHR.
Innovative parenteral and enteral nutrition therapy for intestinal failure; Children with intestinal failure (IF) suffer from insufficient intestinal length or function, making them dependent on parenteral nutrition (PN) for growth and survival. PN and its components are associated with many complications ranging from simple electrolyte abnormalities to life-threatening PN-associated liver disease, which is also called intestinal failure-associated liver disease (IFALD). From a nutrition perspective, the ultimate goal is to provide adequate caloric requirements and make the transition from PN to full enteral nutrition (EN) successful. Upon review of the literature, we have summarized the most effective and innovative PN and EN therapies for this patient population. Antibiotic-coated catheters and antibiotic or ethanol locks can be implemented, as they appear effective in reducing catheter-related infection and thus further reduce the risk of IFALD. Lipid emulsions should be given judiciously. The use of an omega-3 fatty acid-based formulation should be considered in patients who develop IFALD. Trophic feeding is important for intestinal adaptation, and EN should be initiated early to help wean patients from PN. Long-term management of children with IF continues to be an emerging field. We have entered uncharted territory as more children survive complications of IF and IFALD. Careful monitoring and individualized management to ensure maintenance of growth while avoiding complications are the keys to successful patient outcomes. (c) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of long-chain and very-long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in macular degenerations and dystrophies; Macular degeneration is a progressive, bilateral eye disorder that damages the macula of the human eye. The most common form of macular degeneration is age-related macular degeneration (AMD), which is the leading cause of irreversible blindness in people older than 50 years in developed countries. Autosomal dominant Stargardt disease-3 (STGD3) is an inherited macular dystrophy that has clinical features similar to dry AMD, but occurs at a much earlier age. It is caused by a mutation in the elongation of very-long-chain fatty acids-like 4 (ELOVL4) gene, which is responsible for encoding the elongase enzyme that converts shorter chain fatty acids into C-28-C-38 very long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs, total number of carbons >= 24). Diets rich in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) have inverse associations with the progression of AMD and STGD3, and a deficiency in retinal LCPUFAs and VLCPUFAs has been detected in AMD retinas and STGD3 animal models. This article systematically summarizes the roles of LCPUFAs and VLCPUFAs in AMD and STGD3, and discusses future research directions.
Lipid peroxidation induced in vivo by hyperhomocysteinaemia in pigs; Much attention has been focused recently on the relationship between homocysteinaemia and the development of premature atherosclerosis. Hyperhomocysteinaemia constitutes as strong a risk factor for the development of the disease as either hypercholesterolaemia or smoking. Although the mechanism involved is unclear homocysteine exhibits prooxidative activity in vitro. This finding suggests that it may be involved in the oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein (LDL). In the current study hyperhomocysteinaemia was induced in eight domestic pigs by intermittent exposure to nitrous oxide for 4 weeks. At necropsy, cardiac tissue was removed and malondialdehyde (MDA) and the unsaturated fatty acid content were measured and compared with values obtained from air-breathing control animals. Nitrous oxide treated animals had significantly higher tissue concentrations of MDA than the controls. There was also a reduction in the contribution of linoleic and linolenic acids to the total fatty acid content of heart. The hyperhomocysteinaemic animals also had a significantly higher iron concentration in the heart than controls. Hyperhomocysteinaemia was associated with elevations in tissue iron stores and increased in vivo lipid peroxidation. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
NUTRITIONAL ASSESSMENT AND THE ROLE OF PREOPERATIVE PARENTERAL-NUTRITION IN THE COLON-CANCER PATIENT; Hospital-based malnutrition is prevalent, especially among patients with gastrointestinal malignancy. Colorectal cancers produce malnutrition through impairment of gastrointestinal function and the liberation of cytokines. Malnourished patients who undergo operation have an increased likelihood of perioperative morbidity and mortality. The performance of a nutritional assessment will aid in the recognition of such patients and provide a risk assessment profile. Preoperative parenteral nutrition is a major expense and delays surgical intervention. Studies to document the efficacy of preoperative parenteral nutrition suffer from design flaws and small sample sizes. Studies that exclusively address patients with cancer of the colon and rectum are absent; therefore results must be extrapolated from the existing literature. Cumulative evidence suggests that a 7-10 day period of parenteral nutrition repletion in the severely malnourished patient will diminish the incidence of postoperative septic complications and mortality. The preoperative treatment of lesser degrees of malnutrition remain controversial. Once the decision has been made to institute preoperative parenteral alimentation, attention to the details of protein requirements and caloric needs should be stressed. The endpoint of therapy is poorly defined. The role of glutamine, arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, and growth hormone in the preoperative repletion process provide an exciting arena for future research. (C) 1994 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Streamlined mail-based methods for large randomised trials: lessons learnt from the ASCEND study; Reliable assessment of the effects of an intervention usually requires large randomised trials but such studies are becoming increasingly complex and costly to run. 'Streamlined' trials are needed in which every aspect of the trial design and conduct is simplified, retaining only those elements needed to answer the research question and ensure the safety of the individual participants. In this review we discuss how the trial 'A Study of Cardiovascular Events iN Diabetes' (ASCEND) was streamlined. The study included a two-by-two factorial design: it assessed the effects of low-dose aspirin and, separately, supplementation with n-3 fatty acids on serious vascular events in 15,480 people with diabetes but no overt cardiovascular disease. Other key streamlined design features, such as mail-based recruitment and follow-up, mainly by post, with no in-person visits and use of a run-in period, are also described. We go on to discuss the success of the study and other studies that have employed a similar mail-based approach, and the type of clinical trials that are suitable for mail-based design. Finally, we consider the limitations of the study, and how these could be circumvented in future studies. ASCEND randomised large numbers of eligible participants, achieved good adherence rates and almost complete follow-up at a fraction of the cost of traditional clinic-based trials. Such studies are necessary if researchers are to address the important clinical questions most relevant to improving health.
Structural requirements for the cytoprotective actions of mono-unsaturated fatty acids in the pancreatic β-cell line, BRIN-BD11; Background and purpose: Exposure of pancreatic beta-cells to long-chain free fatty acids leads to differential responses according to the chain length and degree of unsaturation. In particular, long-chain saturated molecules such as palmitate (C16:0) cause apoptosis, whereas equivalent mono-unsaturated species (for example, palmitoleate (C16: 1)) are not overtly toxic. Moreover, mono-unsaturates exert a powerful cytoprotective response against a range of proapoptotic stimuli. However, the structural requirements that determine cytoprotection have not been determined and form the basis of the present study.
Long-term safety and efficacy of MND-2119 (self-emulsifying formulation of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester) in patients with hypertriglyceridemia: Results from a multicenter, 52-week, open-label study; Background: In Japan, eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (EPA-E) is administered twice-daily or three-times-daily for dyslipidemia. We have developed MND-2119, a novel self-emulsifying formulation of highly purified EPA-E which can be administered once-daily. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the safety and efficacy of long-term admin-istration of MND-2119 in hypertriglyceridemia patients. Methods: In this multicenter, 52-week, open-label study, patients with high triglyceride (TG) (TG levels between >= 150 and < 500 mg/dL) undergoing lifestyle modification were randomized to MND-2119 2 g/day (n = 61) or MND-2119 4 g/day (n = 61). Results: The incidence of adverse events in MND-2119 2 g/day and MND-2119 4 g/day was 70.5% and 62.3%, respectively, and the incidence of adverse drug reactions was 9.8% and 8.2%, respectively. There were no notable problems in the safety assessments of both treatment groups. By Week 4, TG levels had decreased from baseline in both groups, and the TG reducing effect continued up to Week 52 (mean percentage change from baseline in TG at Week 52 [two-sided 95% confidence interval]: MND-2119 2 g/day:-16.71% [-26.61,-6.81], MND-2119 4 g/day:-21.01% [-27.86,-14.16]). In both groups, plasma EPA concentration at Week 4 was maintained up until Week 52 and the plasma EPA concentration at Week 52 was 200.5 +/- 54.7 mu g/mL in MND-2119 2 g/day and 308.6 +/- 98.6 mu g/mL in MND-2119 4 g/day. Conclusion: Long-term administration of MND-2119 was not associated with any safety-related problems. TG levels decreased by Week 4, and the TG reducing effect continued up to Week 52. (c) 2022 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF DIETS RICH IN LINOLEIC (18/2N-6) AND ALPHA-LINOLENIC (18/3N-3) ACIDS ON THE GROWTH, LIPID CLASS AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITIONS AND EICOSANOID PRODUCTION IN JUVENILE TURBOT (SCOPHTHALMUS-MAXIMUS L); Three practical-type diets utilizing fishmeal and casein as the protein sources and containing fish oil (FO), safflower oil (SO) or linseed oil (LO) were fed to duplicate groups of juvenile turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) of initial weight 1.2 g for a period of 12 weeks. No differences in final weight, mortality or development of pathological lesions were evident either between duplicate tanks or between dietary treatments over this period. Fish fed diets containing SO and LO contained significantly greater amounts of liver triacylglycerol compared to fish fed FO. The major C18 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in SO and LO diets, 18:2(n - 6) and 18:3(n - 3) respectively, were readily incorporated into both total lipid and individual phospholipids of turbot tissues. There was no accumulation of the DELTA6-desaturation products of these fatty acids, namely 18:3(n - 6) and 18:4(n - 3), in any of the tissues examined. The products of elongation of 18:2(n-6) and 18:3(n - 3), 20:2(n - 6) and 20:3(n - 3) respectively, accumulated in both total lipid and phospholipids with the highest levels of 20:2(n - 6) in liver PC and 20:3(n - 3) in liver PE. Eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA, 20:5(n - 3)] levels exceeded those of arachidonic acid [AA, 20:4(n - 6)] in phosphatidylinositol (PI) from liver and gill of fish fed LO. EPA levels in liver PI from fish fed LO were 3-fold and 2-fold greater than SO-fed and FO-fed fish, respectively. Fish fed diets containing SO and LO had significantly reduced levels of AA in liver and muscle total lipid and lower AA in individual phospholipid classes of liver and gill compared to FO-fed fish. The concentration of thromboxane B2 was significantly reduced in plasma and isolated gill cells stimulated with calcium ionophore A23187 of fish fed SO and LO compared to those fed FO. Prostaglandin E produced by isolated gill cells stimulated with A23187 was significantly reduced in fish fed both SO and LO compared to fish fed FO.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Ethyl Ester (AMR101) Therapy in Patients With Very High Triglyceride Levels (from the Multi-center, plAcebo-controlled, Randomized, double-blINd, 12-week study with an open-label Extension [MARINE] Trial); AMR101 is an omega-3 fatty acid agent containing >= 96% eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester and no docosahexaenoic acid. Previous smaller studies suggested that highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid lowered triglyceride (TG) levels without increasing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels. TG-lowering therapies such as fibrates, and fish oils containing both eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, can substantially increase LDL cholesterol levels when administered to patients with very high TG levels (>= 500 mg/dl). The present double-blind study randomized 229 diet-stable patients with fasting TG >= 500 mg/dl and <= 2,000 mg/dl (with or without background statin therapy) to AMR101 4 g/day, AMR101 2 g/day, or placebo. The primary end point was the placebo-corrected median percentage of change in TG from baseline to week 12. The baseline TG level was 680, 657, and 703 mg/dl for AMR101 4 g/day, AMR101 2 g/day, and placebo. AMR101 4 g/day reduced the placebo-corrected TG levels by 33.1% (n = 76, p <0.0001) and AMR101 2 g/day by 19.7% (n = 73, p = 0.0051). For a baseline TG level >750 mg/dl, AMR101 4 g/day reduced the placebo-corrected TG levels by 45.4% (n = 28, p = 0.0001) and AMR101 2 g/day by 32.9% (n = 28, p = 0.0016). AMR101 did not significantly increase the placebo-corrected median LDL cholesterol levels at 4 g/day (-2.3%) or 2 g/day (+5.2%; both p = NS). AMR101 significantly reduced non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol. AMR101 was generally well tolerated, with a safety profile similar to that of the placebo. In conclusion, the present randomized, double-blind trial of patients with very high TG levels demonstrated that AMR101 significantly reduced the TG levels and improved other lipid parameters without significantly increasing the LDL cholesterol levels. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;108:682-690)
Differences in Serum Phospholipid Fatty Acid Compositions and Estimated Desaturase Activities between Japanese Men with and without Metabolic Syndrome; Aim: This study was designed to clarify differences in serum phospholipid fatty acid compositions and estimated desaturase activities between Japanese men with and without metabolic syndrome (MetS).
Acid β-glucosidase:: Intrinsic fluorescence and conformational changes induced by phospholipids and saposin C; Acid beta-glucosidase is a lysosomal membrane protein that cleaves the O-beta-D-glucosidic linkage of glucosylceramide and aryl-beta-glucosides. Full activity reconstitution of the pure enzyme requires phospholipids and saposin C, an 80 aa activator protein. The deficiency of the enzyme or activator leads to Gaucher disease. A conformational change of acid beta-glucosidase is shown to accompany activity reconstitution by selected phospholipids or, particularly, phospholipid/saposin C complexes by intrinsic fluorescence spectral shifts, fluorescence quenching, and circular dichroism (CD). Negatively charged phospholipid (NCP) interfaces with unsaturated fatty acid acyl chains (UFAC) induced concordant blueshifts in tryptophanyl fluorescence spectra and a loss of beta-strand structure by CD. The enzyme required an unsaturated fatty acid acyl chain in proximity (10-11 Angstrom) within liposomal membranes for activation, fluorescence blue-shifts, and changes in CD spectra. Activity enhancements were greatest when UFAC and the negatively charged headgroup were present on the same phospholipid. NCPs with UFAC protected the enzyme from fluorescence quenching by aqueous agents (I-, Cs+, acrylamide: TEMPO). Phosphatidylcholine with doxyl spin-labeled fatty acid acyl chains at carbons 7, 10, or 16 quenched enzyme fluorescence only when in NCP/PC liposomes. Saposin C (Trp-free) induced additional activity and fluorescence spectral changes in the enzyme only in the presence of NCP liposomes containing UFA. CD spectral changes indicated saposin C and acid beta-glucosidase interaction only in the presence of NCPs with UFA. These studies show that acid beta-glucosidase requires interfaces composed of NCPs, containing UFAC, for penetration into the outer leaflet of membranes. Furthermore, this interaction induces essential conformational changes for Saposin C binding and further enhancement of acid beta-glucosidase catalytic activity.
Habitual high intake of fatty fish is related to lower levels of F<sub>2</sub>-isoprostane in healthy women; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether habitual dietary intake of fatty fish, whole grains, fruits and vegetables, or a combination of them all, is associated with oxidative stress levels, measured as urine concentration of 8-iso-prostaglandin F-2 alpha (8-iso-PGF(2 alpha)) in healthy women.
Atorvastatin increases <i>Fads1, Fads2</i> and <i>Elovl5</i> gene expression via the geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate-dependent; Numerous clinical studies have reported that statins increase the plasma concentration of arachidonic acid, which is an omega-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA), and decrease the concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, which are.-3 LCPUFAs. These findings indicate that statins may affect the endogenous synthesis of LCPUFAs, which is regulated by fatty acid desaturases (FADSs) and elongation of very long-chain fatty acids proteins (ELOVLs). The present study aimed to investigate the roles of the intrinsic mevalonate cascade and Rho-dependent pathway in statin-induced regulation of these desaturases and elongases, as well as cell viability using mouse 3T3-L1 cells. mRNA expression was analyzed by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Treatment with atorvastatin decreased cell viability and increased the mRNA expression levels of Fads1, Fads2 and ELOVL fatty acid elongase 5 (Elovl5) in a dose-dependent manner. Mevalonate and geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate (GGPP), but not cholesterol, fully reversed the atorvastatin-induced downregulation of cell viability and upregulation of gene expression; however, mevalonate itself did not affect cell viability and gene expression. The Rho-associated protein kinase inhibitor Y-27632 inhibited the mevalonate-and GGPP-mediated reversal of atorvastatin-induced upregulation of Fads1, Fads2 and Elovl5. These findings indicated that statins may affect the endogenous synthesis of LCPUFAs by regulating Fads1, Fads2 and Elovl5 gene expression via the GGPP-dependent Rho kinase pathway in mouse 3T3-L1 cells.
Influence of mitochondrion-toxic agents on the cardiovascular system; Cardiovascular disease may be induced or worsened by mitochondrion-toxic agents. Mitochondrion-toxic agents may be classified as those with or without a clinical effect, those which induce cardiac disease only in humans or animals or both, as prescribed drugs, illicit drugs, exotoxins, or nutritiants, as those which affect the heart exclusively or also other organs, as those which are effective only in patients with a mitochondrial disorder or cardiac disease or also in healthy subjects, or as solid, liquid, or volatile agents. In humans, cardiotoxic agents due to mitochondrial dysfunction include anthracyclines (particularly doxorubicin), mitoxantrone, cyclophosphamide, cisplatin, fluorouracil, imatinib, bortezomib, trastuzumab, arsenic trioxide, cyclosporine-A, zidovudine, lamotrigine, glycosides, lidocain, isoproterenol, nitroprusside, pivalic acid, alcohol, cocaine, pesticides, cadmium, mycotoxins, cyanotoxins, meat meal, or carbon monoxide. Even more agents exhibit cardiac abnormalities due to mitochondrion-toxicity only in animals or tissue cultures. The mitochondrion-toxic effect results from impairment of the respiratory chain, the oxidative phosphorylation, the Krebs cycle, or the beta-oxidation, from decrease of the mitochondrion-membrane potential, from increased oxidative stress, reduced anti-oxidative capacity, or from induction of apoptosis. Cardiac abnormalities induced via these mechanisms include cardiomyopathy, myocarditis, coronary heart disease, arrhythmias, heart failure, or Takotsubo syndrome. Discontinuation of the cardiotoxic agent results in complete recovery in the majority of the cases. Antioxidants and nutritiants may be of additional help. Particularly coenzyme-Q riboflavin, vitamin-E, vitamin-C, L-carnitine, vitamin-D, thiamin, folic acid, omega-3 fatty acids, and D-ribose may alleviate mitochondrial cardiotoxic effects. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
DHA attenuates postprandial hyperlipidemia via activating PPARα in intestinal epithelial cells; It is known that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)alpha, whose activation reduces hyperlipidemia, is highly expressed in intestinal epithelial cells. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) could improve postprandial hyperlipidemia, however, its relationship with intestinal PPAR alpha activation is not revealed. In this study, we investigated whether DHA can affect postprandial hyperlipidemia by activating intestinal PPAR alpha using Caco-2 cells and C57BL/6 mice. The genes involved in fatty acid (FA) oxidation and oxygen consumption rate were increased, and the secretion of triacylglyceride (TG) and apolipoprotein B (apoB) was decreased in DHA-treated Caco-2 cells. Additionally, intestinal FA oxidation was induced, and TG and apoB secretion from intestinal epithelial cells was reduced, resulting in the attenuation of plasma TG and apoB levels after oral administration of olive oil in DHA-rich oil-fed mice compared with controls. However, no increase in genes involved in FA oxidation was observed in the liver. Furthermore, the effects of DHA on intestinal lipid secretion and postprandial hyperlipidemia were abolished in PPAR alpha knockout mice. In conclusion, the present work suggests that DHA can inhibit the secretion of TG from intestinal epithelial cells via PPAR alpha activation, which attenuates postprandial hyperlipidemia.
Enzymology of Pyrimidine Metabolism and Neurodegeneration; It is well known that disorders of pyrimidine pathways may lead to neurological, hematological, immunological diseases, renal impairments, and association with malignancies. Nucleotide homeostasis depends on the three stages of pyrimidine metabolism: de novo synthesis, catabolism and recycling of these metabolites.
Lipid management to reduce cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) doubles the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. The vast majority of this increased risk cannot be explained by the coexistence of conventional risk factors. In some people, T2DM and insulin resistance may increase the production of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs). They contain apolipoprotein B100 (apoB100) and transport triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol esters, which can enter the arterial intima and induce atherosclerotic plaque formation. Thus, the cardiovascular risk is further increased (beyond the risk associated with T2DM alone). Current cardiovascular therapies in lipid management focus on lowering apoB-carrying lipoproteins and non-HDL-C (HDL: high-density lipoprotein; C: cholesterol) to reduce cardiovascular risk. In addition to statins and ezetimibe, there are also new approaches. These include bempedoic acid, a prodrug that acts by inhibiting the cholesterol synthesis pathway and increases the expression of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors, and by targeting PCSK9 (PCSK9: proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) via small interfering RNA (RNA: ribonucleic acid), and monoclonal antibodies that extend the life cycle of expressed LDL receptors. Both approaches lead to elimination of ApoB-containing lipoproteins. Most studies with omega-3 fatty acids found no additional cardiovascular benefit, with the exception of icosapent ethyl, which reduced cardiovascular events despite modest reductions in TG and TRL. In contrast, the cardiovascular benefit of fibrates has not been proven in current therapy. Because patients with T2DM are at higher absolute risk, lower lipid targets are usually recommended. Inevitably, these are difficult to achieve for most patients with monotherapy, so that combination therapy is required.
Fatty acids in different edible fish species from Mexico; Different biotic and abiotic factors determine the fatty acid (FA) composition of fish tissues and organs. This information is useful for humans due to the fact that fish consumption is associated with health benefits. The aim of the present study was to identify the variation in the concentration of fatty acids, according to different factors, among ten edible marine fish species in Mexico, collected from June to December 2009 in the largest fish market in Mexico city: Euthynnus alletteratus, Sciaenops ocellatus, Bairdiella chrysoura, Sphyraena guachancho, Symphurits elongatus, Istiophorus platypterus, Ophichthus rex, Eugerres plumieri, Eucinostomus entomelas and Oreochromis mossambicus. Lipid content was gravimetrically quantified, the fatty acids were determined using a gas chromatograph and the results were statistically analyzed. Total lipid content ranged from 0.93 to 1.95g/100g in E. entomelas and O. urolepis hornorum, respectively. E. alletteratus, B. chrysoura, S. elongatzts, I. platypterus, O. rex and E. plumieri presented the following order in FA concentration: Polyunsaturated FA (PUFA)>Saturated FA (SFA)>Monounsaturated FA (MUFA). S. ocellatus, S. guachancho and E. entomelas presented SFA>PUFA>MUFA; and only O. mossambicus presented SFA>MUFA>PUFA. O. mossambicus had the highest concentration (mg/100g) of SFA (559.40) and MUFA (442.60), while B. chrysoura presented the highest content (mg/100g) of PUPA (663.03), n-3 PUFA (514.03), EPA+DHA (506.10) and n-6 PUPA (145.80). Biotic and abiotic factors of the analyzed fish significantly influenced their FA concentration. Subtropical species presented 42.1% more EPA+DHA than tropical specie. Values presented here will vary according to the changes in the ecosystem and characteristics of each fish species, however the information generated in the present study is useful for improving fish consumption recommendations.
Dietary Transformation of Lipid in the Rumen Microbial Ecosystem; Dietary lipids are rapidly hydrolysed and biohydrogenated in the rumen resulting in meat and milk characterised by a high content of saturated fatty acids and low polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), which contributes to increases in the risk of diseases including cardiovascular disease and cancer. There has been considerable interest in altering the fatty acid composition of ruminant products with the overall aim of improving the long-term health of consumers. Metabolism of dietary lipids in the rumen (lipolysis and biohydrogenation) is a major critical control point in determining the fatty acid composition of ruminant lipids. Our understanding of the pathways involved and metabolically important intermediates has advanced considerably in recent years. Advances in molecular microbial technology based on 16S rRNA genes have helped to further advance our knowledge of the key organisms responsible for ruminal lipid transformation. Attention has focused on ruminal biohydrogenation of lipids in forages, plant oils and oilseeds, fish oil, marine algae and fat supplements as important dietary strategies which impact on fatty acid composition of ruminant lipids. Forages, such as grass and legumes, are rich in omega-3 PUFA and are a useful natural strategy in improving nutritional value of ruminant products. Specifically this review targets two key areas in relation to forages: i) what is the fate of the lipid-rich plant chloroplast in the rumen and ii) the role of the enzyme polyphenol oxidase in red clover as a natural plant-based protection mechanism of dietary lipids in the rumen. The review also addresses major pathways and micro-organisms involved in lipolysis and biohydrogenation.
Marine Microalgae with Anti-Cancer Properties; Cancer is the leading cause of death globally and finding new therapeutic agents for cancer treatment remains a major challenge in the pursuit for a cure. This paper presents an overview on microalgae with anti-cancer activities. Microalgae are eukaryotic unicellular plants that contribute up to 40% of global primary productivity. They are excellent sources of pigments, lipids, carotenoids, omega-3 fatty acids, polysaccharides, vitamins and other fine chemicals, and there is an increasing demand for their use as nutraceuticals and food supplements. Some microalgae are also reported as having anti-cancer activity. In this review, we report the microalgal species that have shown anti-cancer properties, the cancer cell lines affected by algae and the concentrations of compounds/extracts tested to induce arrest of cell growth. We also report the mediums used for growing microalgae that showed anti-cancer activity and compare the bioactivity of these microalgae with marine anticancer drugs already on the market and in phase III clinical trials. Finally, we discuss why some microalgae can be promising sources of anti-cancer compounds for future development.
Influence of nutritional factors on genetic and epigenetic events relevant to chronic diseases; An increasing literature base points to the role of inadequate diet in the development of non-communicable diseases in humans. However, minor variations in genotype, in the form of variant single nucleotide polymorphisms, may lead to substantial variations in individual requirements for different nutrients. While an increased ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids is likely to benefit most of the population, those who carry a variant allele in the Apolipoprotein E gene may actually be disadvantaged by such an increase. Folate provides an example where current population levels may already be slightly sub-optimal for many populations in the developed world. Those individuals who carry certain variant alleles of methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase may need substantially more folate than the rest of the population, and without supplementation, this could substantially increase their risk of chronic diseases. The cellular levels of nutrients such as folate not only directly affect metabolism, but may also impact the expression of certain genes through epigenetic effects. These reversible changes in gene function, or other cellular phenotype, occur without a change in DNA sequence ( genotype). There is a developing recognition that prenatal nutrition significantly impacts the response to postnatal feeding, and that epigenetic events are important modulators of the lifetime risk of chronic disease. The technologies and models are becoming available to understand these interactions. It will become possible to devise genome-based nutritional interventions to prevent, delay, and treat diseases such as asthma, obesity, Type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and prostate cancer. This will have substantial economic impacts in both developing and developed nations.
A quantitative analysis of prenatal intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cognitive development; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish also contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard. Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of prenatal n-3 intake on cognitive development. Other papers quantify the negative impact of prenatal exposure to MeHg on cognitive development, and the extent to which fish consumption protects against coronary heart disease mortality and stroke in adults.
SARCOPENIA: AGAIN AND UPDATED; Sarcopenia is defined as, skeletal muscle dysfunction associated with age, chronic diseases, cancer, nutrition problems and physical inactivity. The pathophysiology of sarcopenia seems to involve degeneration of neurogenic, musculogenic, synaptogenic and vasculogenic systems, mitochondrial dysfunction, metabolic factors and inflammatory mechanisms. Early detection of sarcopenia in older adults and patients is important to prevent morbidity, functional decline and death and the diagnosis requires assessment of muscle mass, muscle strength and physical performance. The strongest evidences in the treatment of sarcopenia are probably associated with the positive effects of resistance exercises on muscle strength, muscle mass and physical performance. Also protein intake needs to be increased. Positive results have been reported on supplementation with leucine, beta-hydroxy beta-methylbutyrate, Omega 3 and Vitamin D. Antioxidant intake naturally from food is recommended. There are promising studies related to angiotensin receptor blockers, oral anti-diabetic drugs. Interventions to prevent sarcopenia, treatment of the primarily responsible disease, suppression of inflammation, and treatment of metabolic syndromes constitute the basic components of a successful treatment.
International society of sports nutrition position stand: tactical athlete nutrition; This position stand aims to provide an evidence-based summary of the energy and nutritional demands of tactical athletes to promote optimal health and performance while keeping in mind the unique challenges faced due to work schedules, job demands, and austere environments. After a critical analysis of the literature, the following nutritional guidelines represent the position of the International Society of Sports Nutrition (ISSN). General Recommendations Nutritional considerations should include the provision and timing of adequate calories, macronutrients, and fluid to meet daily needs as well as strategic nutritional supplementation to improve physical, cognitive, and occupational performance outcomes; reduce risk of injury, obesity, and cardiometabolic disease; reduce the potential for a fatal mistake; and promote occupational readiness. Military Recommendations Energy demands should be met by utilizing the Military Dietary Reference Intakes (MDRIs) established and codified in Army Regulation 40-25. Although research is somewhat limited, military personnel may also benefit from caffeine, creatine monohydrate, essential amino acids, protein, omega-3-fatty acids, beta-alanine, and L-tyrosine supplementation, especially during high-stress conditions. First Responder Recommendations Specific energy needs are unknown and may vary depending on occupation-specific tasks. It is likely the general caloric intake and macronutrient guidelines for recreational athletes or the Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Ranges for the general healthy adult population may benefit first responders. Strategies such as implementing wellness policies, setting up supportive food environments, encouraging healthier food systems, and using community resources to offer evidence-based nutrition classes are inexpensive and potentially meaningful ways to improve physical activity and diet habits. The following provides a more detailed overview of the literature and recommendations for these populations.
The <i>C-elegans</i> dauer larva as a paradigm to study metabolic suppression and desiccation tolerance; Main conclusion The hypometabolic, stress-resistant dauer larva of Caenorhabditis elegans serves as an excellent model to study the molecular mechanisms of desiccation tolerance, such as maintenance of membrane organization, protein folding, xenobiotic and ROS detoxification in the dry state.
Production Performance of <i>Moina macrocopa</i> (Straus 1820) (Crustacea, Cladocera) Cultured in Different Salinities: The Effect on Growth, Survival, Reproduction, and Fatty Acid Composition of the Neonates; Salinity is a known factor in shaping population dynamics and community structure through direct and indirect effects on aquatic ecosystems. Salinity changes further influence food webs through competition and predation. The responses of Moina macrocopa (Cladocera) collected from Setiu Wetland lagoon (Terengganu) was evaluated through manipulative laboratory experiments to understand the ability of M. macrocopa to tolerate high salinity stress. Specifically, the fatty acid composition, growth, survival, and reproduction of this cladocerans species was examined. Sodium chloride (NaCl) as used in the treatments water with the concentration 0, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 15 salinity. Fatty acid levels were determined using Gas Chromatography and Mass Spectrophotometry (GC-MS). The results indicated that optimal conditions produced the highest fatty acid content, especially the polyunsaturated fatty acid content, such as EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid), ALA (alpha-linoleic acid), ARA (arachidonic acid), and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid). Furthermore, M. macrocopa survival was best at salinity 0, with a percentage of 98%, whereas the opposite occurred at salinity 15, with approximately 20% of viable animals surviving. Besides, M. macrocopa also showed the highest reproduction rate at salinity 0 (e.g., average initial age of reproduction, 4.33 +/- 0.58 days) compared with other salinities level. Interestingly, the difference in growth at different salinities was not evident, an unusual finding when considering adverse effects such as osmoregulation pressure on the organism. Based on the results, we conclude that M. macrocopa can only tolerate salinity below salinity 8 and cannot withstand stressful environmental conditions associated with salinities above 8.
Effect of Fish-Based Diet on Malnourished Children: A Systematic Review; Background: Malnutrition in children is mainly caused by the lack of protein and fat intake which harms their ability to grow and survive. Accurate data on the benefits of fish-based foods on the nutritional status of children is limited. The present systematic review aimed to provide an overview of published articles on the nutritional value of fish-based foods for children. Methods: A systematic review was performed during 2000ProQuest, and Wiley Online Library databases. The full text of selected articles in English was screened based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Included articles were all experimental studies (randomized control trial, quasi-randomized trial) or mixed methods studies involving malnourished children. The study was reported under the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses guidelines. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool. Results: A total of 330,859 articles were screened, out of which eight articles were included in the systematic review. Interventions included fish-based foods and beverages such as wafer bars, Jemawut-tuna cookies, Amizate in chocolate drink, dried fish powder, flaxseed oil supplemented with fish oil capsules, and porridge fortified with fish powder. Primary or secondary outcomes were the determination of zinc level, height growth, erythrocyte n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content, safety and acceptability, intestinal integrity, and cognitive development. The results showed that dried fish powder produced the most significant effect on body weight. Conclusion: The consumption of dried fish powder had positive effects on the recovery of malnourished children.
Plasma fatty acids and risk of colon and rectal cancers in the Singapore Chinese Health Study; Fatty acid composition in plasma captures both dietary intake and endogenous synthesis. Prospective analyses of plasma fatty acid composition are needed to establish the role of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on risk of developing colorectal cancer. To evaluate associations between plasma fatty acid composition and colon or rectal cancer risk separately, a nested case-control study of 350 colorectal (211 colon and 139 rectal) cancer cases and an equal number of individually matched control subjects was conducted within the Singapore Chinese Health Study, a cohort of 63,257 men and women recruited between 1993 and 1998. Fatty acids in pre-diagnostic plasma were quantified using gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Conditional odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) comparing highest to lowest quartiles are presented. For colon cancer, inverse associations were reported with higher essential PUFAs, a-linolenic acid (OR = 0.41; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.73; P-trend = 0.005) and linoleic acid (OR = 0.43; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.82; P-trend = 0.008). Higher desaturase activity in the n-6 PUFA synthesis pathway estimated by the arachidonic: linoleic acid ratio was associated with increased colon cancer risk (OR = 3.53; 95% CI: 1.82, 6.85; P-trend = 0.006), whereas higher desaturase activity in the MUFA synthesis pathway estimated by the oleic: stearic acid ratio was associated with decreased colon cancer risk (OR = 0.42; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.92; P-trend = 0.024). There was no significant association between the essential fatty acids or the desaturase indices and rectal cancer risk. Endogenous synthesis of arachidonic and oleic acids has an impact on colon cancer development.
Modification of the Excess Risk of Coronary Heart Disease Due to Smoking by Seafood/Fish Intake; Seafood/fish intake has been regarded as a protective factor for coronary heart disease (CHD), while smoking is a strong risk factor. To examine whether associations between smoking and risk of CHD are modified by seafood/fish intake, we studied 72,012 Japanese men and women aged 45-74 years who completed 2 food frequency questionnaires, 5 years apart, during the period 1995-2009. After 878,163 person-years of follow-up, 584 incident cases of CHD (101 fatal and 483 nonfatal), including 516 myocardial infarctions, were documented. There was a clear dose-response association between smoking and CHD risk among subjects with a low seafood/fish intake (< 86 g/day) but not among those with a high seafood/fish intake (a parts per thousand yen86 g/day). Compared with never smokers, the multivariable hazard ratios in light (1-19 cigarettes/day), moderate (20-29 cigarettes/day), and heavy (a parts per thousand yen30 cigarettes/day) smokers were 2.39 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.60, 3.56), 2.74 (95% CI: 1.90, 3.95), and 3.24 (95% CI: 2.12, 4.95), respectively, among low seafood/fish eaters and 1.13 (95% CI: 0.64, 1.99), 1.29 (95% CI: 0.95, 2.04), and 2.00 (95% CI: 1.18, 3.51), respectively, among high seafood/fish eaters. Compared with heavy smokers with a low seafood/fish intake, light smokers with a high seafood/fish intake had substantially reduced risk of CHD (hazard ratio = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.32, 0.98). High seafood/fish intake attenuated the positive association between smoking and risk of CHD.
Diet and lifestyle considerations for patients with prostate cancer; Purpose: To review the literature and provide recommendations on diet and lifestyle considerations in patients with prostate cancer using evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with additional considerations based on observational evidence. Materials and methods: We initiated our search on ClinicalTrials.gov combining the term "prostate cancer" with a variety of diet and lifestyle factors. We then supplemented our summary of publications from registered trials by including other publications available on Pubmed. Results: There is a well-established benefit of exercise for improving functional outcomes and pelvic floor muscle training for improving treatment-related adverse effects. Multimodality interventions that integrate several factors (e.g., low-saturated fat, plant-based, whole-food diets with exercise, and stress reduction) appear to have the most clinically significant benefit for patients with prostate cancer. Ongoing multimodality interventions are including the efficacy of implementation strategies as observed outcomes. Limited RCT evidence suggests a clinically significant benefit for guided imagery/progressive muscle relaxation, Pilates, and lycopene-rich diets and a modest benefit for green tea, qigong, massage, and avoidance of nonprescribed vitamin and mineral supplements. Observational and single arm trial evidence indicates a need for further exploration of acupuncture, coffee, cruciferous vegetables, fish, Larrea tridentata, mushrooms, and vegetable-derived fats and avoidance of eggs, dairy, poultry with skin, processed red meat, and saturated fat. Published trials suggest no benefit from hypnosis, milk thistle, pomegranate, soy, or omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. Conclusions: Our search demonstrated that most diet and lifestyle factors identified from observational studies have limited data from RCTs. Few items have shown early evidence of benefit. The best recommendation for patients with prostate cancer is to form a habit of wellness through healthy eating, aerobic and resistance exercise, and psychological well-being. Future trial development should consider how interventions can be implemented into real world practice. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Involvement of Dietary Fatty Acids in Multiple Biological and Psychological Functions, in Morbidly Obese Subjects; Fatty acid (FA) profile is often altered, in morbidly obese subjects, both before and after bariatric surgery. We measured FA plasma levels before and 6 months after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), in order to evaluate their relationship with different biological and psychological parameters and the impact of RYGB on the FA plasma levels.
Peroxisome-driven ether-linked phospholipids biosynthesis is essential for ferroptosis; It is well established that ferroptosis is primarily induced by peroxidation of long-chain poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) through nonenzymatic oxidation by free radicals or enzymatic stimulation of lipoxygenase. Although there is emerging evidence that long-chain saturated fatty acid (SFA) might be implicated in ferroptosis, it remains unclear whether and how SFA participates in the process of ferroptosis. Using endogenous metabolites and genome-wide CRISPR screening, we have identified FAR1 as a critical factor for SFA-mediated ferroptosis. FAR1 catalyzes the reduction of C16 or C18 saturated fatty acid to fatty alcohol, which is required for the synthesis of alkyl-ether lipids and plasmalogens. Inactivation of FAR1 diminishes SFA-dependent ferroptosis. Furthermore, FAR1-mediated ferroptosis is dependent on peroxisome-driven ether phospholipid biosynthesis. Strikingly, TMEM189, a newly identified gene which introduces vinyl-ether double bond into alkyl-ether lipids to generate plasmalogens abrogates FAR1-alkyl-ether lipids axis induced ferroptosis. Our study reveals a new FAR1-ether lipids-TMEM189 axis dependent ferroptosis pathway and suggests TMEM189 as a promising druggable target for anticancer therapy.
Use of cereal bars with quinoa (<i>Chenopodium quinoa</i> W) to reduce risk factors related to cardiovascular diseases; Quinoa is considered a pseudocereal with proteins of high biological value, carbohydrates of low glycemic index, phytosteroids, and omega-3 and 6 fatty acids that bring benefits to the human health. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of quinoa on the biochemical and anthropometric profile and blood pressure in humans, parameters for measuring risk of cardiovascular diseases. Twenty-two 18 to 45-year-old students were treated daily for 30 days with quinoa in the form of a cereal bar. Blood samples were collected before and after 30 days of treatment to determine glycemic and biochemical profile of the group. The results indicated that quinoa had beneficial effects on part of the population studied since the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL-c showed reduction. It can be concluded that the use of quinoa in diet can be considered beneficial in the prevention and treatment of risk factors related to cardiovascular diseases that are among the leading causes of death in today's globalized world. However, further studies are needed to prove the benefits observed.
Dietary nutrients and insulin resistance in urban Asian Indian adolescents and young adults; Background: Asian Indians have a high prevalence of insulin resistance that may underlie their higher tendency to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus and early-onset atherosclerosis. Objective: To investigate the relationship between dietary nutrients and insulin resistance in Asian Indian adolescents and young adults. Design: Dietary nutrient intake values (24-hour dietary recall and monthly consumption data) and fasting serum insulin levels were studied in 352 (311 males and 41 females) healthy adolescents and young adults (mean age 18.0 +/- 2.3 years; range 14-25 years). Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed with hyperinsulinemia as the outcome variable and various dietary nutrients and anthropometric variables as covariates. Results: Mean fasting serum insulin levels were 107.4 +/- 35.0 pmol/l (36.5-230.4 pmol/l). The intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was higher, saturated fat and the omega-6 to omega-3 PUFA ratio were in the upper limit, and omega-3 PUFAs (% caloric intake, En) were lower than the recommended dietary allowance for Asian Indians. The PUFAs (% En), BMI, percent body fat and waist circumference were significantly higher in the hyperinsulinemic group compared with the normoinsulinemic group (p = 0.021, 0.0021, 0.0006, and 0.0041, respectively). Multiple regression analysis showed that the lowest tertile of omega-6 (<3% En) PUFA intake [adjusted OR (95% CI) = 0.3 (0.1-0.7)] and BMI [adjusted OR (95% CI) = 2.9 (1.4-6.0)] were the significant independent predictors of fasting hyperinsulinemia. Conclusion: For prevention and amelioration of insulin resistance in Asian Indian adolescents and young adults, it is prudent to have normal BMI and low intake of omega-6 PUFAs. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Combination therapy in the management of mixed dyslipidaemia; Whilst statin monotherapy is often sufficient to reach LDL-C goals, treatment may not reach all lipid goals in individuals with mixed dyslipidaemia typically associated with metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. Double or triple combination therapy, which provides the opportunity to address multiple lipid abnormalities simultaneously, may be required to achieve targets in some patients. Addition of fenofibrate or niacin (nicotinic acid) to statin therapy is likely to be the first option, as recommended by national treatment guidelines; omega-3 fatty acids may also be useful. Careful monitoring is required when adding additional agents given the increased potential for drug interactions and side effects.
Volanesorsen: A New Era in the Treatment of Severe Hypertriglyceridemia; Introduction: Familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) is a rare inherited disease, mainly due to lipoprotein lipase (LPL) gene mutations, leading to lipid abnormalities. Volanesorsen, a second-generation 2 '-O-methoxyethyl (2 '-MOE) chimeric antisense therapeutic oligonucleotide, can decrease plasma apolipoprotein C3 and triglycerides (TG) levels through LPL-independent pathways. The European Medicines Agency has approved volanesorsen as an adjunct to diet in adult FCS patients with an inadequate response to TG-lowering therapy. Areas covered: Available clinical data on volanesorsen efficacy and safety are presented. Furthermore, we discuss the yearly treatment with volanesorsen of a 21-year-old female FCS patient with LPL mutation. Volanesorsen was well-tolerated and decreased patient's TG levels (from >5000 mg/dL (56 mmol/L) to 350-500 mg/dL (4-5.6 mmol/L)) at 12 months. Lipoprotein apheresis (LA) was stopped and there were no episodes of pancreatitis or abdominal pain. Expert opinion: Severe hypertriglyceridemia can potentially be fatal. Until recently, there was no specific treatment for FCS, apart from hypotriglyceridemic diet, fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, and LA sessions. Therefore, volanesorsen represents a promising therapeutic solution for these patients. The main side effect of volanesorsen therapy is thrombocytopenia, which should be monitored and treated accordingly. Increasing evidence will further elucidate the clinical implications of volanesorsen use in daily practice.
Alzheimer's Disease: The Pros and Cons of Pharmaceutical, Nutritional, Botanical, and Stimulatory Therapies, with a Discussion of Treatment Strategies from the Perspective of Patients and Practitioners; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is characterized by dysfunctional intracellular and extracellular biochemical processes that result in neuron death. This article summarizes hypotheses regarding cell dysfunction in AD and discusses the effectiveness of, and problems with, different therapies. Pharmaceutical therapies discussed include cholinesterase inhibitors, memantine, antihypertensive drugs, anti-inflammatory drugs, secretase inhibitors, insulin resistance drugs, etanercept, brain-derived neurotrophic factor, and immunization. Nutritional/botanical therapies included are huperzine A, polyphenols, Ginkgo, Panax ginseng, Withania somnifera, phosphatidylserine, alpha-lipoic acid, omega-3 fatty acids, acetyl L-carnitine, coenzyme Q10, various vitamins and minerals, and melatonin. Stimulatory therapies discussed are physical exercise, cognitive training, music, and socialization. Finally, treatment strategies are discussed in light of the benefits and drawbacks of different therapeutic approaches. It is concluded that potential risks of both approved and non-approved therapies should be weighed against the potential benefits and certain consequences of disease progression. Approaches that target several dysfunctions simultaneously and that emphasize nutritional, botanical, and stimulatory therapies may offer the most benefit at this time. (Altern Med Rev 2010;15(3):223-244)
Limited Effect of Dietary Saturated Fat on Plasma Saturated Fat in the Context of a Low Carbohydrate Diet; We recently showed that a hypocaloric carbohydrate restricted diet (CRD) had two striking effects: (1) a reduction in plasma saturated fatty acids (SFA) despite higher intake than a low fat diet, and (2) a decrease in inflammation despite a significant increase in arachidonic acid (ARA). Here we extend these findings in 8 weight stable men who were fed two 6-week CRD (12% en carbohydrate) varying in quality of fat. One CRD emphasized SFA (CRD-SFA, 86 g/d SFA) and the other, unsaturated fat (CRD-UFA, 47 g SFA/d). All foods were provided to subjects. Both CRD decreased serum triacylglycerol (TAG) and insulin, and increased LDL-C particle size. The CRD-UFA significantly decreased plasma TAG SFA (27.48 +/- 2.89 mol%) compared to baseline (31.06 +/- 4.26 mol%). Plasma TAG SFA, however, remained unchanged in the CRD-SFA (33.14 +/- 3.49 mol%) despite a doubling in SFA intake. Both CRD significantly reduced plasma palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7) indicating decreased de novo lipogenesis. CRD-SFA significantly increased plasma phospholipid ARA content, while CRD-UFA significantly increased EPA and DHA. Urine 8-iso PGF(2 alpha), a free radical-catalyzed product of ARA, was significantly lower than baseline following CRD-UFA (-32%). There was a significant inverse correlation between changes in urine 8-iso PGF2a and PL ARA on both CRD (r = -0.82 CRD-SFA; r = -0.62 CRD-UFA). These findings are consistent with the concept that dietary saturated fat is efficiently metabolized in the presence of low carbohydrate, and that a CRD results in better preservation of plasma ARA.
Masou salmon (<i>Oncorhynchus masou</i>) ethanol extract decreases 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase expression in diet-induced obese mice; This study was designed to evaluate the hypocholesterolemic effects of masou salmon 70% ethanol extract (MSE) and to determine the molecular mechanism by which MSE exerts its effects in high-fat (HF) diet-induced obese mice. We hypothesize that the MSE may contain abundant n-3 fatty acids, so a diet containing MSE may also have hypolipidemic effects by assessing several key gene expressions in cholesterol metabolism such as the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, and cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1). To test this hypothesis, C57BL/6J mice were fed a 40% HF diet for 5 weeks, after which time the animals were fed an HF diet containing 0 mg/kg, 75 mg/kg, or 150 mg/kg MSE (HF, HF + MSE 1, and HF + MSE 2 groups, respectively) for an additional 4 weeks (n = 8 in each group, for a total of 24 mice). We found that feeding MSE with an HF diet prevented hypercholesterolemia in diet-induced obese mice; daily MSE feeding reduced total cholesterol levels in plasma and liver by 12.3% and 16.2%, respectively. Furthermore, we examined the expression of key cholesterol metabolism genes by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and found that messenger RNA levels of HMG-CoA reductase were decreased by up to 5-fold, but the expression of both LDL receptor and CYP7A1 did not change. Thus, MSE may exert its hypocholesterolemic effect by altering the expression of HMG-CoA reductase. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A study protocol of a randomized trial evaluating the effect of using defined menu plans within an intensive personal nutritional counseling program on cardiovascular risk factors: The MoKaRi (modulation of cardiovascular risk factors) trial; Importance: Changes in dietary habits and lifestyle can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease which is the leading cause of death worldwide. Objectives of the MoKaRi study The MoKaRi (modulation of cardiovascular risk factors) intervention study is designed to evaluate the effectiveness and potential of the developed MoKaRi concept. The MoKaRi concept comprises three components, each designed to improve dietary behavior. The first component entails using daily menu plans to implement a defined "cardioprotective diet". This diet consists of seasonal menu plans which are characterized by:
Formation of Dopamine Adducts Derived from Brain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids MECHANISM FOR PARKINSON DISEASE; Oxidative stress appears to be directly involved in the pathogenesis of the neurodegeneration of dopaminergic systems in Parkinson disease. In this study, we formed four dopamine modification adducts derived from docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6/omega-3) and arachidonic acid (C18:4/omega-6), which are known as the major polyunsaturated fatty acids in the brain. Upon incubation of dopamine with fatty acid hydroperoxides and an in vivo experiment using rat brain tissue, all four dopamine adducts were detected. Furthermore, hexanoyl dopamine (HED), an arachidonic acid-derived adduct, caused severe cytotoxicity in human dopaminergic neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells, whereas the other adducts were only slightly affected. The HED-induced cell death was found to include apoptosis, which also seems to be mediated by reactive oxygen species generation and mitochondrial abnormality. Additionally, the experiments using monoamine transporter inhibitor and mouse embryonic fibroblast NIH-3T3 cells that lack the monoamine transporter indicate that the HED-induced cytotoxicity might specially occur in the neuronal cells. These data suggest that the formation of the docosahexaenoic acid- and arachidonic acid-derived dopamine adducts in vitro and in vivo, and HED, the arachidonic acid- derived dopamine modification adduct, which caused selective cytotoxicity of neuronal cells, may indicate a novel mechanism responsible for the pathogenesis in Parkinson disease.
TREATMENT WITH HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL-COENZYME-A REDUCTASE INHIBITORS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA INDUCES CHANGES IN THE COMPONENTS OF THE EXTRINSIC COAGULATION SYSTEM; The present study was performed to determine the influence of pharmaceutical intervention on parameters of blood coagulation and fibrinolysis in hypercholesterolemic patients.  Eighteen otherwise-healthy individuals with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia were treated with a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarly coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (simvastatin, 40 mg daily) for 12-14 weeks followed by additional treatment with omega-3 fatty acids (equivalent to 4 g eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid daily) for 6 more weeks.  With simvastatin treatment, the mean decreases in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B (apo B) were 39%, 46%, and 36%, respectively.  Only minor changes in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apo A-1 were recorded.  omega-3 fatty acids had minor additional effects.  The most prominent effects on the blood coagulation system were the changes in extrinsic pathway inhibitor (EPI), which is the inhibitor of the factor VIIa-tissue thromboplastin complex.  EPI activity decreased from a median of 153% to 111% (p < 0.001) with simvastatin treatment and to 112% (p < 0.001) on the combined regimen.  EPI activity was significantly correlated with LDL cholesterol (r = 0.78), total cholesterol (r = 0.77), apo B (r = 0.65), and apo A-1 (r = 0.45).  Multiple stepwise regression analysis showed that LDL cholesterol was the most important predictor of EPI activity, which suggests that a majority of EPI activity in plasma is associated with LDL.  Moreover, the alteration in EPI activity was correlated closely with the corresponding alteration in LDL, which suggests a direct relation between a coagulation-inhibitor activity and a pharmaceutical lipid-related response.  A small increase of median factor VII clotting activity, and of factor VII clotting activity to factor VII antigen levels in patients receiving simvastatin alone was statistically significant but of questionable physiological significance.  Platelet count, fibrinogen, protein C, heparin cofactor II, and plasminogen activator inhibitor were not significantly influenced by treatment.  The clinical importance of the correlation between cholesterol levels and EPI activity remains unknown, but the changes may be relevant to thrombotic tendency.
Cold affects the transcription of fatty acid desaturases and oil quality in the fruit of <i>Olea europaea</i> L. genotypes with different cold hardiness; The olive tree lacks dormancy and is low temperature sensitive, with differences in cold tolerance and oil quality among genotypes. The oil is produced in the drupe, and the unsaturated fatty acids contribute to its quality. The aim of the present research was to investigate the relationship among development, cold response, expression of fatty acid desaturase (FAD) genes, and unsaturated fatty acid composition in drupes belonging to genotypes differing in leaf cold tolerance, but producing good oil (i.e. the non-hardy Moraiolo, the semi-hardy Frantoio, and the hardy Canino). In all genotypes, cold sensitivity, evaluated by cold-induced transient increases in cytosolic calcium, was high in the epi-mesocarp cells before oil body formation, and decreased during oil biogenesis. However, genotype-dependent differences in cold sensitivity appeared at the end of oil production. Genotype-dependent differences in FAD2.1, FAD2.2, FAD6, and FAD7 expression levels occurred in the epi-mesocarp cells during the oleogenic period. However, FAD2.1 and FAD7 were always the highest in the first part of this period. FAD2.2 and FAD7 increased after cold applications during oleogenesis, independently of the genotype. Unsaturated fatty acids increased in the drupes of the non-hardy genotype, but not in those of the hardy one, after cold exposure at the time of the highest FAD transcription. The results show a direct relationship between FAD expression and lipid desaturation in the drupes of the cold-sensitive genotype, and an inverse relationship in those of the cold-resistant genotype, suggesting that drupe cold acclimation requires a fine FAD post-transcriptional regulation. Hypotheses relating FAD desaturation to storage and membrane lipids, and genotype cold hardiness are discussed.
Early Postmarket Results After Treatment of Intracranial Aneurysms With the Pipeline Embolization Device: A US Multicenter Experience; BACKGROUND: The Pipeline embolization device (PED) is the latest technology available for intracranial aneurysm treatment.
Nutraceutical support in heart failure: a position paper of the International Lipid Expert Panel (ILEP); Heart failure (HF) is a complex clinical syndrome that represents a major cause of morbidity and mortality in Western countries. Several nutraceuticals have shown interesting clinical results in HF prevention as well as in the treatment of the early stages of the disease, alone or in combination with pharmacological therapy. The aim of the present expert opinion position paper is to summarise the available clinical evidence on the role of phytochemicals in HF prevention and/or treatment that might be considered in those patients not treated optimally as well as in those with low therapy adherence. The level of evidence and the strength of recommendation of particular HF treatment options were weighed up and graded according to predefined scales. A systematic search strategy was developed to identify trials in PubMed (January 1970 to June 2019). The terms 'nutraceuticals', 'dietary supplements', 'herbal drug' and 'heart failure' or 'left verntricular dysfunction' were used in the literature search. The experts discussed and agreed on the recommendation levels. Available clinical trials reported that the intake of some nutraceuticals (hawthorn, coenzyme Q(10), l-carnitine, d-ribose, carnosine, vitamin D, probiotics, n-3 PUFA and beet nitrates) might be associated with improvements in self-perceived quality of life and/or functional parameters such as left ventricular ejection fraction, stroke volume and cardiac output in HF patients, with minimal or no side effects. Those benefits tended to be greater in earlier HF stages. Available clinical evidence supports the usefulness of supplementation with some nutraceuticals to improve HF management in addition to evidence-based pharmacological therapy.
Partial replacement of high-fat diet with <i>n</i>-3 PUFAs enhanced beef tallow attenuates dyslipidemia and endoplasmic reticulum stress in tunicamycin-injected rats; IntroductionMetabolic syndrome (MetS) is considered as a complex, intertwined multiple risk factors that directly increase the risk of various metabolic diseases, especially cardiovascular atherosclerotic diseases and diabetes mellitus type 2. While lifestyle changes, including dietary intervention are effective in mitigating or preventing MetS, there are no specific therapies against MetS. Typical western diets comprise of high saturated fatty acid, cholesterol, and simple sugar; consequently their consumption may increase the potential pathological developmental risk of MetS. Partial replacement of dietary fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is widely recommended measure to manage MetS-related disorders. MethodsIn the present study, we used rat model to investigate the role of n-3 PUFA enriched beef tallows (BT) on MetS and tunicamycin (TM)-induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, by partially replacing dietary fat (lard) with equal amounts of two different BTs; regular BT or n-3 PUFA-enriched BT. The experimental rats were randomly assigned to three different dietary groups (n = 16 per group): (1) high-fat and high-cholesterol diet (HFCD); (2) HFCD partially replaced with regular BT (HFCD + BT1); (3) HFCD partially replaced with n-3 enhanced BT (w/w) (HFCD + BT2). After 10 weeks of dietary intervention, each experimental rodent was intraperitoneally injected with either phosphate-buffered saline or 1 mg/kg body weight of TM. ResultsHFCD + BT2 showed improved dyslipidemia before TM injection, and increased serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels after TM injection. BT replacement groups had significantly reduced hepatic triglyceride (TG) levels, and decreased total cholesterol (TC) and TG levels in epididymal adipose tissue (EAT). Furthermore, BT replacement remarkably attenuated TM-induced unfolded protein responses (UPRs) in liver, showing reduced ER stress, with BT2 being more effective in the EAT. DiscussionTherefore, our findings suggest that partially replacing dietary fats with n-3 PUFA to lower the ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFAs is beneficial in preventing pathological features of MetS by alleviating HFCD- and/or TM-induced dyslipidemia and ER stress.
Engineering Nutritionally Improved Edible Plant Oils; In contrast to traditional breeding, which relies on the identification of mutants, metabolic engineering provides a new platform to modify the oil composition in oil crops for improved nutrition. By altering endogenous genes involved in the biosynthesis pathways, it is possible to modify edible plant oils to increase the content of desired components or reduce the content of undesirable components. However, introduction of novel nutritional components such as omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids needs transgenic expression of novel genes in crops. Despite formidable challenges, significant progress in engineering nutritionally improved edible plant oils has recently been achieved, with some commercial products now on the market.
Unraveling the intricate dance of the Mediterranean diet and gut microbiota in autoimmune resilience; The nutritional habits regulate the gut microbiota and increase risk of an autoimmune disease. Western diet is rich in sugars, meat, and poly-unsaturated fatty acids, which lead to dysbiosis of intestinal microbiota, disruption of gut epithelial barrier and chronic mucosal inflammation. In contrast, the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is abundant in omega 3 fatty acids, fruits, and vegetables, possessing anti-inflammatory properties that contribute to the restoration of gut eubiosis. Numerous studies have extensively examined the impact of MedDiet and its components on both health and various disease states. Additionally, specific investigations have explored the correlation between MedDiet, microbiota, and the risk of autoimmune diseases. Furthermore, the MedDiet has been linked to a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases, playing a pivotal role in lowering mortality rates among individuals with autoimmune diseases and comorbidities. The aim of the present review is to specifically highlight current knowledge regarding possible interactions of MedDiet with the patterns of intestinal microbiota focusing on autoimmunity and a blueprint through dietary modulations for the prevention and management of disease's activity and progression.
The role of protein modifications in senescence of freeze-dried <i>Acetobacter senegalensis</i> during storage; Background: Loss of viability is one of the most important problems during starter culture production. Previous research has mostly focused on the production process of bacterial starters, but there are few studies about cellular protein deterioration causing cell defectiveness during storage. In the present study, we investigated the influence of storage temperature (-21, 4, 35 degrees C) on the cellular protein modifications which may contribute to the senescence of freeze-dried Acetobacter senegalensis.
The impact of steatosis on liver regeneration; Alcoholic and non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases are the leading causes of cirrhosis in Western countries. These chronic liver diseases share common pathological features ranging from steatosis to steatohepatitis. Fatty liver is associated with primary liver graft dysfunction, a higher incidence of complications/mortality after surgery, in correlation with impaired liver regeneration. Liver regeneration is a multistep process including a priming phase under the control of cytokines followed by a growth factor receptor activation phase leading to hepatocyte proliferation. This process ends when the initial liver mass is restored. Deficiency in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) liver expression, reduced expression of Wee1 and Myt1 kinases, oxidative stress and alteration in hepatocyte macroautophagy have been identified as mechanisms involved in the defective regeneration of fatty livers. Besides the mechanisms, we will also discuss in this review various treatments that have been investigated in the reversal of the regeneration defect, for example, omega-3 fatty acids, pioglitazone, fibroblast growth factor (FGF)19-based chimeric molecule or growth hormone (GH). Since dysbiosis impedes liver regeneration, targeting microbiota could also be an interesting therapeutic approach.
SIRT Is Required for EDP-Mediated Protective Responses toward Hypoxia-Reoxygenation Injury in Cardiac Cells; Hypoxia-reoxygenation (H/R) injury is known to cause extensive injury to cardiac myocardium promoting development of cardiac dysfunction. Despite the vast number of studies dedicated to studying H/R injury, the molecular mechanisms behind it are multiple, complex, and remain very poorly understood, which makes development of novel pharmacological agents challenging. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6173) is an n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid obtained from dietary sources, which produces numerous effects including regulation of cell survival and death mechanisms. The beneficial effects of DHA toward the cardiovascular system are well documented but the relative role of DHA or one of its more potent metabolites is unresolved. Emerging evidence indicates that cytochrome P450 (GYP) epoxygenase metabolites of DHA, epoxydocosapentaenoic acids (EDPs), have more potent biological activity than DHA in cardiac cells. In this study we examined whether EDPs protect HL-1 cardiac cells from H/R injury. Our observations demonstrate that treatment with 19,20 -EDP protected HL-1 cardiac cells from H/R damage through a mechanism(s) protecting and enhancing mitochondrial quality. EDP treatment increased the relative rates of mitobiogenesis and mitochondrial respiration in control and H/R exposed cardiac cells. The observed EDP protective response toward H/R injury involved SIRT1-dependent pathways.
Raloxifene and hormone replacement therapy increase arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid levels in postmenopausal women; Estrogens may affect the essential n-6 and n-3 fatty acids arachidonic acid (AA; C20:4n-6) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C22:6n-3). Therefore, we investigated the long-term effects of hormone replacement therapy and raloxifene, a selective estrogen-receptor modulator, in two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies. In study 1, 95 healthy, non-hysterectomized, early postmenopausal women (age range 47-59 years) received one of the following treatments: daily raloxifene 60 mg (n = 24), daily raloxitene 150 mg (n = 23), 0,625 mg conjugated equine estrogens (CEE) plus 2.5 mg medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA; n=24), or placebo (n=24). In study 11, 30 men (age range 60-69 years) received daily 120 mg raloxifene (n = 15) or placebo (n = 15). In study 1, plasma cholesteryl ester fatty acids were measured at baseline and after 6, 12, and 24 months in 83 (drop out rate 13%), 73 (23%), and 70 (25%) women respectively. In study 11, fatty acids were measured at baseline and after months in 29 men (drop out rate 3%). In postmenopausal women, administration of 150 mg raloxifene increased AA by a mean of +6.1% (P = 0.055, not significant). Administration of CEE plus MPA increased AA by +14.1% (P < 0.0005). Mean changes in DHA were +22.1% (P = 0.003) and +14.9% (P = 0.047) respectively, as compared with placebo. In men, 120 mg raloxifene for 3 months did not significantly affect AA (-5.2%; P = 0.342) or DHA (+4.0%; P = 0.755), but it increased testosterone levels by +19.8% (P = 0.006). Administration of raloxifene 150 mg/day as well as CEE plus MPA to postmenopausal women increases the proportion of AA and DHA in plasma cholesteryl esters during a follow-up of 2 years. Short term administration of raloxifene in elderly men did not affect AA or DHA. The synthesis of AA and DHA from precursors may be enhanced through an estrogen receptor-dependent pathway.
The Puzzle of Coccoid Forms of<i>Helicobacter pylori</i>: Beyond Basic Science; Helicobacter pylori(H. pylori) may enter a non-replicative, non-culturable, low metabolically active state, the so-called coccoid form, to survive in extreme environmental conditions. Since coccoid forms are not susceptible to antibiotics, they could represent a cause of therapy failure even in the absence of antibiotic resistance, i.e., relapse within one year. Furthermore, coccoid forms may colonize and infect the gastric mucosa in animal models and induce specific antibodies in animals and humans. Their detection is hard, since they are not culturable. Techniques, such as electron microscopy, polymerase chain reaction, loop-mediated isothermal amplification, flow cytometry and metagenomics, are promising even if current evidence is limited. Among the options for the treatment, some strategies have been suggested, such as a very high proton pump inhibitor dose, high-dose dual therapy,N-acetycysteine, linolenic acid and vonoprazan. These clinical, diagnostic and therapeutic uncertainties will represent fascinating challenges in the future.
GC-MS comparison of fatty acids profile of oils extracted from viscera of Tainha (<i>Mugil liza</i>) and Tambaqui (<i>Colossoma macropomum</i>); The commercial activity of the grey mullet (known as Tainha: TAI) and Tambaqui (TAM) generates tons of waste that can be turned into valuable resources. Therefore, this work aimed to chemically characterize and quantify the fatty acids profiles of the two fishes. GCMS quantification was performed by using calibration curves built from a standard that contains 19 FAME. The analysis revealed that visceral wastes from both fishes contain 16 fatty acids (FA) consisting of saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA) and polyunsaturated (PUFA). However, their compositions were different as FA side chains in TAI and TAM contain 12 to 20 and 13 to 22 carbon atoms, respectively. Also, the SFA amount in TAI was greater than in TAM. On the other hand, TAM is richer in MUFA and PUFA compared to TAI. Both have similar chemical compositions of & omega;-3 and & omega;-6 in PUFA and & omega;-5, & omega;-7, and & omega;-9 in MUFA.
Ranking the toxicity of fatty acids on Jurkat and Raji cells by flow cytometric analysis; The fatty acids have an important role in the control of leukocyte metabolism and function. Higher concentrations of certain fatty acids, particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and volatile fatty acids, can cause cell death via apoptosis or, when concentrations are greater, necrosis. In this study, we determined the highest concentrations of various fatty acids that are non-toxic to two human leukemic cell lines, Jurkat (T-lymphocyte) and Raji (B-lymphocyte). Toxicity was evaluated by either loss of membrane integrity and/or DNA fragmentation using flow cytometric analysis. There were no remarkable differences for the toxicity of the fatty acids between B and T cell lines. The cytotoxicity of the fatty acids was related to the carbon chain length and number of double bonds: docosahexaenoic acid = eicosapentacnoic acid = arachidonic acid = gamma-linolenic acid = stearic acid = palmitic acid > linoleic acid = palmitoleic acid > vacenic acid = lauric acid > oleic acid > elaidic acid > capric acid > butyric acid > caprylic acid = caproic acid = propionic acid. The proportion of cells undergoing apoptosis or necrosis, induced by the fatty acids tested, remains to be investigated. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutritional support in per operative period: the use of lipid solutions; Energy deficit is a common and serious problem in major surgical patients and is associated with increased rates of complications, length of stay, and mortality. Parenteral nutrition (PN), either alone or in combination with enteral nutrition, can improve nutrient delivery to this kind of patients. Lipids provide a key source of calories within PN formulations, preventing or correcting energy deficits and improving outcomes. In this article, we review the role of parenteral lipid emulsions (LEs) in the management of patients undergone to major surgical procedures and highlight important biologic activities associated with lipids. Soybean-oil-based LEs with high contents of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were the first widely used formulations in the surgical setting. More recently developed parenteral LEs employ partial substitution of soybean oil with oils providing medium-chain triglycerides, omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acids or omega-3 PUFA. Many of these LEs have demonstrated reduced effects on oxidative stress, immune responses, and inflammation. Ongoing research using adequately designed and wellcontrolled studies that characterize the biological properties of LEs should assist clinicians in selecting LEs within the surgical setting.
Utility of Lp-PLA<sub>2</sub> in Lipid-Lowering Therapy; Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)) is a vascular-specific inflammatory marker. It is so named because of its association with low-density lipoprotein in plasma. Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory disease. Lp-PLA(2) is recognized as a risk marker in primary or secondary prevention of atherosclerosis. Elevated Lp-PLA(2) levels are associated with the increased risk for cardiovascular events, even after multivariable adjustment for traditional risk factors. Patients with dyslipidemia are shown to benefit largely from the modification of Lp-PLA(2). The degree of coronary artery disease (0-, 1-, 2-, or 3-vessel disease) and plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol significantly correlated to Lp-PLA(2) levels. The low biologic fluctuation and high vascular specificity of Lp-PLA(2) make it possible to use a single measurement in clinical decision making, and it also permits clinicians to follow the Lp-PLA(2) marker serially. Simvastatin significantly reduces macrophage content, lipid retention, and the intima to media ratio but increased the content of smooth muscle cells in atherosclerotic lesions. Statin treatment markedly reduced Lp-PLA(2) in both plasma and atherosclerotic plaques with attenuation of the local inflammatory response and improved plaque stability due to reduced inflammation and decreased apoptosis of macrophages. Darapladib, an inhibitor of Lp-PLA(2) when added to lipid-lowering therapy such as statins, offers great benefit in the reduction of plaque formation. This article explores the atherosclerotic process at molecular level, role of Lp-PLA(2) in atherosclerosis, the effect of lipid-lowering drugs on Lp-PLA(2), effect of direct Lp-PLA(2) inhibitor darapladib in the atherosclerosis process, the therapeutic implications of Lp-PLA(2) as risk marker, and finally the net effect on plaque stabilization.
Safety of Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Cancer Treatment: Effect on Cancer Cells and Chemotherapy in Vitro; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is a long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid that has been used to treat cachectic cancer. However, its efficacy and safety with regard to cancer cells remain unclear. The present study comprised an In Vitro investigation of the effects of EPA on cancers. The effects of 0.01-300 mu g/mL of EPA on the proliferation and death of cells after 24, 48, and 72 h were explored. The study included cell lines representing neuroblastoma (Kelly, SH-SY5Y, C1300); acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL); Burkitt's lymphoma; acute myeloid leukemia (AML); adult cancer cell lines of the pancreas, colon, and prostate; and a fibroblast cell line. EPA caused 4.4%-7% proliferation of fibroblasts, but did not protect them from the toxic effect of cisplatin. It did not induce proliferation in the neuroblastoma cells, and did not reduce the cytotoxic effect of cisplatin. EPA also did not cause proliferation in ALL, Burkitt's lymphoma, and AML cells, and did not alter the cytotoxic effects of L-asparaginase, cyclophosphamide, and cytosine arabinoside, respectively. Our results were similar in the adult cancer cell lines. EPA is safe because it has no effects on the proliferation of cancer cells or on chemotherapy In Vitro.
Gp78 deficiency in hepatocytes alleviates hepatic ischemia-reperfusion injury via suppressing ACSL4-mediated ferroptosis; Ferroptosis, which is driven by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation, plays an essential role in liver ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) during liver transplantation (LT). Gp78, an E3 ligase, has been implicated in lipid metabolism and inflammation. However, its role in liver IRI and ferroptosis remains unknown. Here, hepatocyte-specific gp78 knockout (HKO) or overexpressed (OE) mice were generated to examine the effect of gp78 on liver IRI, and a multi-omics approach (transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics) was performed to explore the potential mechanism. Gp78 expression decreased after reperfusion in LT patients and mice with IRI, and gp78 expression was positively correlated with liver damage. Gp78 absence from hepatocytes alleviated liver damage in mice with IRI, ameliorating inflammation. However, mice with hepatic gp78 overexpression showed the opposite phenotype. Mechanistically, gp78 overexpression disturbed lipid homeostasis, remodeling polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism, causing oxidized lipids accumulation and ferroptosis, partly by promoting ACSL4 expression. Chemical inhibition of ferroptosis or ACSL4 abrogated the effects of gp78 on ferroptosis and liver IRI. Our findings reveal a role of gp78 in liver IRI pathogenesis and uncover a mechanism by which gp78 promotes hepatocyte ferroptosis by ACSL4, suggesting the gp78-ACSL4 axis as a feasible target for the treatment of IRI-associated liver damage.
Black phosphorus quantum dots induced ferroptosis in lung cell via increasing lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation; Black Phosphorus Quantum Dots (BP-QDs) have potential applications in biomedicine. BP-QDs may enter the body through the respiratory tract during grinding and crushing production and processing, causing respiratory toxicity. Ferroptosis is an oxidative, iron-dependent form of cell death. Here, respiratory toxicity of BP-QDs has been validated in mice and human bronchial epithelial cells. After 24 h of exposure to different doses (4-32 & mu;g/ mL) of BP-QDs, intracellular lipid peroxidation and iron overload occurred in Beas-2B cells. After 4 times exposures by noninvasive tracheal instillation at four doses [0, 0.25, 0.5 and 1 (mg/kg/48h)], all animals were sacrificed, organs were removed, processed for pathological examination and molecular analysis. Iron overload, glutathione (GSH) depletion and lipid peroxidation in the lung tissue of mice in the exposure group. Furthermore, based on the ferroptosis-associated protein and mRNA expression, it was hypothesized that BP-QDs induced ferroptosis through increasing intracellular free iron and polyunsaturated fatty acid synthesis. By comparing with previous studies, we speculate that primary cells generally are more sensitive to BP-QDs-induced damage than cancer cells. In summary, findings in the present study confirmed that BP-QDs induce ferroptosis via increasing lipid peroxidation and iron accumulation in vitro and in vivo.
Dietary interventions in the management of atrial fibrillation; Atrial fibrillation (AF) represents the most common cardiac arrhythmia with significant morbidity and mortality implications. It is a common cause of hospital admissions, significantly impacts quality of life, increases morbidity and decreases life expectancy. Despite advancements in treatment options, prevalence of AF remains exceptionally high. AF is a challenging disease to manage, not just clinically but also financially. Evidence suggests lifestyle modification, including dietary changes, plays a significant role in the treatment of AF. This review aims to analyze the existing literature on the effects of dietary modifications on the incidence, progression, and outcomes of atrial fibrillation. It examines various dietary components, including alcohol, caffeine, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and minerals, and their impact on AF incidence, progression, and outcomes. The evidence surrounding the effects of dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean and low carbohydrate diets, on AF is also evaluated. Overall, this review underscores the importance of dietary interventions as part of a comprehensive approach to AF management and highlights the need for further research in this emerging field.
Response of high leaf-oil <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> plant lines to biotic or abiotic stress; Recent studies have shown that it is possible to engineer substantial increases in triacylglycerol (TAG) content in plant vegetative biomass, which offers a novel approach for increasing the energy density of food, feed, and bioenergy crops or for creating a sink for the accumulation of unusual, high-value fatty acids. However, whether or not these changes in lipid metabolism affect plant responses to biotic and/or abiotic stresses is an open question. Here we show that transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana plant lines engineered for elevated leaf oil content, as well as lines engineered for accumulation of unusual conjugated fatty acids in leaf oil, had similar short-term responses to heat stress (e.g., 3days at 37 degrees C) as wild-type plants, including a reduction in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing polar lipids and an increase in PUFA-containing neutral lipids. At extended time periods (e.g., 14days at 37 degrees C), however, plant lines containing accumulated conjugated fatty acids displayed earlier senescence and plant death. Further, no-choice feeding studies demonstrated that plants with the highest leaf oil content generated cabbage looper (Trichoplusia ni) insects with significantly heavier body weights. Taken together, these results suggest that biotic and abiotic responses will be important considerations when developing and deploying high-oil-biomass crops in the field.
Prevention and Management of Hypertriglyceridemia-Induced Acute Pancreatitis During Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Severe gestational hypertriglyceridemia can lead to acute pancreatitis, with maternal mortality rate of approximately 20%. The recent National Lipid Association part 2 expert panel recommendations provide guidance on monitoring pregnant women at high risk for hyperlipidemia. We suggest that high-risk women have triglyceride levels checked once every trimester. Fasting triglycerides > 250 mg/dL should prompt monthly triglyceride levels, screening for gestational diabetes, and implementing a strict low-carbohydrate, low-fat diet, exercise. Fasting triglycerides > 500 mg/dL, despite a strict dietary and lifestyle modifications, should prompt treatment with omega-3-fatty acids and continue a fat-restricted diet (< 20 g total fat/d or < 15% total calories) under the guidance of a registered dietician. The use of fibrates should be considered as a second-line therapy due to their unclear risk versus benefit and potential teratogenic effects. Plasmapheresis should be considered early in asymptomatic pregnant women with fasting triglyceride levels > 1000 mg/dL or in pregnant women with clinical signs and symptoms of pancreatitis and triglyceride levels >500 mg/dL despite maximal lifestyle changes and pharmacologic therapy. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Regulation of the NADPH oxidase activity and anti-microbial function of neutrophils by arachidonic acid; Arachidonic acid (AA), a second-messenger molecule released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A(2) in activated cells, is a stimulator of neutrophil responses, including the oxygen-dependent respiratory burst. The polyunsaturated fatty acid is also the precursor of biologically active eicosanoids. There are several mechanisms by which AA stimulates the respiratory burst. These include the direct binding of AA to S100 proteins which regulate the assembly of the NADPH oxidase as well as the activation of key signaling molecules which control the respiratory burst. Arachidonic acid also stimulates it own release from membrane phospholipids and this contributes to optimal respiratory burst activity. Thus, increased levels of AA at sites of inflammation will influence the magnitude and course of the inflammatory response, not only by directly affecting the function of infiltrating neutrophils and other leukocytes, but also through its metabolites generated by lipoxygenases and cyclooxygenases.
The Protective Effect of Nutraceuticals on Hepatic Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Wistar Rats; Nutraceuticals are bioactive compounds present in foods, utilized to ameliorate health, prevent diseases, and support the proper functioning of the human body. They have gained attention due to their ability to hit multiple targets and act as antioxidants, anti-inflammatory agents, and modulators of immune response and cell death. Therefore, nutraceuticals are being studied to prevent and treat liver ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI). This study evaluated the effect of a nutraceutical solution formed by resveratrol, quercetin, omega-3 fatty acid, selenium, ginger, avocado, leucine, and niacin on liver IRI. IRI was performed with 60 min of ischemia and 4 h of reperfusion in male Wistar rats. Afterward, the animals were euthanized to study hepatocellular injury, cytokines, oxidative stress, gene expression of apoptosis-related genes, TNF-& alpha; and caspase-3 proteins, and histology. Our results show that the nutraceutical solution was able to decrease apoptosis and histologic injury. The suggested mechanisms of action are a reduction in gene expression and the caspase-3 protein and a reduction in the TNF-& alpha; protein in liver tissue. The nutraceutical solution was unable to decrease transaminases and cytokines. These findings suggest that the nutraceuticals used favored the protection of hepatocytes, and their combination represents a promising therapeutic proposal against liver IRI.
The effect of cyclin D1 (CCND1) G870A-polymorphism on breast cancer risk is modified by oxidative stress among Chinese women in Singapore; Cyclin D1 (CCND1), an intracellular cell-cycle regulatory protein with checkpoint function, can promote cell proliferation or induce growth arrest and apoptosis depending on the cellular context. We hypothesized that the direction of the association between the (CCND1) G870A-polymorphism and breast cancer risk may be modified by dietary and genetic factors influencing the oxidant-antioxidant balance, such as a dietary pattern with a high intake of n-6 fatty acids and a low intake of n-3 fatty acids, or a genetic profile that is deficient in glutathione S-transferases. We tested our hypothesis in a case-control study nested into the Singapore Chinese Health Study, a prospective investigation of diet and cancer in 63 000 Chinese men and women. Genomic DNA collected from 258 incident cases of breast cancer and 670 female cohort controls was examined for CCND1, GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 genes using fluorogenic 5'-nuclease assay. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to assess the effects with adjustment for potential confounders. All statistical tests were two-sided. The heterozygous CCND1 GA genotype significantly reduced the breast cancer risk in all subjects (OR = 0.67, 95% CI 0.45-0.99) when compared with the GG genotype. The association was restricted to women with a high (above median value) intake level of n-6 fatty acids (OR = 0.51, 95% CI 0.30-0.87), a low (below median value) intake level of the antagonistic marine n-3 fatty acids (OR = 0.54, 95% CI 0.32-0.93) or a total lack of the antioxidative GSTM1 (OR = 0.44, 95% CI 0.25-0.80) or GSTT1 genes (OR = 0.46, 95% CI 0.24-0.87). The effects were consistently stronger in cases with advanced disease. The AA genotype did not affect breast cancer risk. The results of this study are compatible with the hypothesis that the oxidant-antioxidant balance in cells is an important determinant of the direction of the cyclin D1 effect, leading either to cell proliferation or cell death.
The Desaturase Gene Family is Crucially Required for Fatty Acid Metabolism and Survival of the Brown Planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens; Desaturases are essentially required for unsaturated fatty acid (UFA) biosynthesis. We identified 10 genes encoding putative desaturases in the transcriptome database of the brown planthopper (BPH), Nilaparvata lugens. These include eight First Desaturase family genes, one cytochrome b5 fused desaturase gene (Nlug-Cytb5r) and one Sphingolipid Desaturase gene (Nlug-ifc). Transcript level profiling revealed significant variation in the expression patterns of these genes across tissues and developmental stages, which occur in a gene-specific manner. Interestingly, their expression was also modulated by the insect food source: the mRNA levels of Nlug-desatC and Nlug-Cytb5r were down-regulated, but the expression level of Nlug-desatA1-b and Nlug-desatA1-c were elevated in the BPH fed on the resistant rice variety Babawee as compared to the non-resistant variety Taichun Native 1 (TN1). Silencing Nlug-desatA1-b, Nlug-desatA1-c, or Nlug-Ifc reduced fatty acid composition and abundance in female BPH 1-d-old-adults compared to controls. Whereas, single knockdown of all ten desaturase genes significantly increased mortality of BPH nymphs compared with controls. Of the ten desaturase genes, knockdown of Nlug-desatA1-b and Nlug-desatA2 caused the highest mortality in BPH (91% and 97%, respectively). Our findings offer a base for expression and functional characterization of newly identified desaturase genes in BPH, and may contribute to RNA interference-based pest management strategies.
Established and Emerging Lipid-Lowering Drugs for Primary and Secondary Cardiovascular Prevention; Despite treatment with statins, patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides remain at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular events. Consequently, novel pharmaceutical drugs have been developed to control and modify the composition of blood lipids to ultimately prevent fatal cardiovascular events in patients with dyslipidaemia. This article reviews established and emerging lipid-lowering drugs regarding their mechanism of action, development stage, ongoing clinical trials, side effects, effect on blood lipids and reduction in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. We conducted a keyword search to identify studies on established and emerging lipid modifying drugs. Results were summarized in a narrative overview. Established pharmaceutical treatment options include the Niemann-Pick-C1 like-1 protein (NPC1L1) inhibitor ezetimibe, the protein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors alirocumab and evolocumab, fibrates as peroxisome proliferator receptor alpha (PPAR-& alpha;) activators, and the omega-3 fatty acid icosapent ethyl. Statins are recommended as the first-line therapy for primary and secondary cardiovascular prevention in patients with hypercholesterinaemia and hypertriglyceridemia. For secondary prevention in hypercholesterinaemia, second-line options such as statin add-on or statin-intolerant treatments are ezetimibe, alirocumab and evolocumab. For secondary prevention in hypertriglyceridemia, second-line options such as statin add-on or statin-intolerant treatments are icosapent ethyl and fenofibrate. Robust data for these add-on therapeutics in primary cardiovascular prevention remains scarce. Recent biotechnological advances have led to the development of innovative small molecules (bempedoic acid, lomitapide, pemafibrate, docosapentaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acid), antibodies (evinacumab), antisense oligonucleotides (mipomersen, volanesorsen, pelcarsen, olezarsen), small interfering RNA (inclisiran, olpasiran), and gene therapies for patients with dyslipidemia. These molecules specifically target new cellular pathways, such as the adenosine triphosphate-citrate lyase (bempedoic acid), PCSK9 (inclisiran), angiopoietin-like 3 (ANGPTL3: evinacumab), microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP: lomitapide), apolipoprotein B-100 (ApoB-100: mipomersen), apolipoprotein C-III (ApoC-III: volanesorsen, olezarsen), and lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a): pelcarsen, olpasiran). The authors are hopeful that the development of new treatment modalities alongside new therapeutic targets will further reduce patients' risk of adverse cardiovascular events. Apart from statins, data on new drugs' use in primary cardiovascular prevention remain scarce. For their swift adoption into clinical routine, these treatments must demonstrate safety and efficacy as well as cost-effectiveness in randomized cardiovascular outcome trials.
Temperature responses of growth, photosynthesis, fatty acid and nitrate reductase in Antarctic and temperate Stichococcus; Stichococcus, a genus of green algae, distributes in ice-free areas throughout Antarctica. To understand adaptive strategies of Stichococcus to permanently cold environments, the physiological responses to temperature of two psychrotolerants, S. bacillaris NJ-10 and S. minutus NJ-17, isolated from rock surfaces in Antarctica were compared with that of one temperate S. bacillaris FACHB753. Two Antarctic Stichococcus strains grew at temperature from 4 to 25A degrees C, while the temperate strain could grow above 30A degrees C but could not survive at 4A degrees C. The photosynthetic activity of FACHB753 at lower than 10A degrees C was less than that of Antarctic algae. Nitrate reductase in NJ-10 and NJ-17 had its optimal temperature at 20A degrees C, in comparison, the maximal activity of nitrate reductase in FACHB753 was found at 25A degrees C. When cultured at 4-15A degrees C a large portion of unsaturated fatty acids in the two Antarctic species was detected and the regulation of the degree of unsaturation of fatty acids by temperature was observed only above 15A degrees C, though the content of the major unsaturated fatty acid alpha C18:3 in FACHB753 decreased with the temperatures elevated from 10 to 25A degrees C. Elevated nitrate reductase activity and photosynthetic rates at low temperatures together with the high proportion of unsaturated fatty acids contribute to the ability of the Antarctic Stichococcus to thrive.
Regulation of vascular endothelial nitric oxide production by fatty acids; The consumption of fish and omega-3 fatty acids has been associated with reduced morbidity and mortality from coronary heart disease. The precise mechanisms by which fatty acids modulate atherosclerotic vascular disease remain to be defined. Experimental evidence suggests that fatty acids alter the function of the vascular endothelium, a metabolically active tissue that integrates signals between the circulation and the vascular wall. This review focuses on the effects of fatty acids on vascular endothelial nitric oxide production. Endothelial-derived nitric oxide regulates several vascular wall events that participate in the evolution of vascular disease. Impairment of endothelial nitric oxide production has been demonstrated in a variety of conditions such as smoking, diabetes, and hypertension that are risk factors for atherosclerosis. Evidence is reviewed that supports the postulate that both qualitative and quantitative alterations in circulating fatty acid species modulate vascular endothelial nitric oxide production. Although the mechanisms by which fatty acids alter vascular nitric oxide production remain obscure, fatty acid-mediated alterations in endothelial gene expression present a promising area for future investigation.
EFFECT OF DIETARY MODULATION OF MEMBRANE LIPID-COMPOSITION ON THE THERMOSTABILITY OF HTC CELLS AND OF A MEMBRANE ENZYME; Growth of hepatoma tissue culture (HTC) cells in the presence of linoleic (18:2) or arachidonic (20:4) acids for 36 h caused an increased cell thermosensitivity. Plasma membrane-rich fractions were purified (15-20-fold) with high yield (30%) from control and fatty acid-supplemented cells. Contamination with membranes from mitochondria, lysosomes and endoplasmic reticulum was low. Supplementation significantly increased the level of the supplemented fatty acid and decreased the level of oleic acid (18:1) in plasma membrane phospholipids (PL), causing a significant decrease in the oleic acid:PUFA(polyunsaturated fatty acid) ratio. No significant changes occurred in other parameters such as cholesterol:PL, cholesterol:protein or PL:protein ratios. Plasma membranes from PUFA-supplemented cells exhibited a lower membrane order, compared with control cell membranes, as determined by DPH fluorescence polarization over the temperature range 4-40-degrees-C. Isothermal inactivation of alkaline phosphodiesterase I in plasma membranes from control and supplemented cells showed curvilinear kinetics. The change in membrane composition and order following supplementation with arachidonic acid was associated with increased thermosensitivity of this enzyme. These data are discussed with respect to the suggestion that the plasma membrane may be a target for cellular thermal injury and death.
Sympathoadrenergic overactivity and lipid metabolism; Epidemiological studies have identified high heart rates as a risk factor for coronary heart disease mortality, and heart rate was found to correlate with the severity of coronary atherosclerosis. Heart rate was positively correlated with serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and non-HDL cholesterol. Since heart rate responds sensitively to sympathoadrenergic activity, it was hypothesized that catecholamines play a crucial role in the unfavorable lipid alterations. In addition to influences on circulating lipids, the question arose whether catecholamines have more specific effects on molecular species of structural lipids. Of particular importance is the question of the involvement of catecholamines in the recently suggested correlation between arachidonic acid and stroke mortality. It is therefore attempted to delineate the possible effects of catecholamines on the fatty acid composition of the phospholipids of heart muscle and vasculature. This was achieved in rats by either catecholamine injection or by swimming, a condition known to be associated with marked sympatho-adrenergic stimulation. In swimming rats, linoleic acid was decreased by up to 40% in heart phospholipids, whereas stearic acid and arachidonic acid were increased. Similarly, chronic norepinephrine treatment in rats resulted in a net decrease in linoleic acid and an increase in arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, which was particularly pronounced when rats were fed an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich oil diet. Thus, catecholamines do affect the PUFA composition of heart membranes, mainly through an increase in arachidonic acid content. To further define the action of catecholamines on structural lipids, isolated rat ventricular myocytes in culture were subjected four times to 30 minutes of isoproterenol (10(-6) M) stimulation over 48 hours. No changes in membrane lipid parameters were observed, although the beating rate was increased by 30% during the stimulation. When the cell membranes were enriched in n-3 PUFAs (in association with a decrease in arachidonic acid), the positive chronotropic effect elicited by isoproterenol was raised to +50%, indicating the modulation of adrenergic function by membrane PUFAs. However, isoproterenol treatment again had no effect on the phospholipid fatty acid composition. Thus, the effect of catecholamines on membrane lipids observed in intact organism appears to be indirect and to involve most probably organs such as the liver and adipose tissue. Catecholamines are expected to induce a lipolysis-linked quantitative and qualitative alteration in circulating fatty acids, which in turn alter the heart membrane composition, similar to the composition changes elicited by diet lipid alterations. Since there is increasing evidence that such fatty acid changes affect the activity of membrane proteins, the possibility emerges that this mechanism may contribute to the catecholamine-linked cardiovascular mortality.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Conjugation Enhances Distribution and Safety of siRNA upon Local Administration in Mouse Brain; The use of siRNA-based therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative disease requires efficient, nontoxic distribution to the affected brain parenchyma, notably the striatum and cortex. Here, we describe the synthesis and activity of a fully chemically modified siRNA that is directly conjugated to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the most abundant polyunsaturated fatty acid in the mammalian brain. DHA conjugation enables enhanced siRNA retention throughout both the ipsilateral striatum and cortex following a single, intrastriatal injection (ranging from 6-60 mu g). Within these tissues, DHA conjugation promotes internalization by both neurons and astrocytes. We demonstrate efficient and specific silencing of Huntingtin mRNA expression in both the ipsilateral striatum (up to 73%) and cortex (up to 51%) after 1 week. Moreover, following a bilateral intrastriatal injection (60 mu g), we achieve up to 80% silencing of a secondary target, Cyclophilin B, at both the mRNA and protein level. Importantly, DHA-hsiRNAs do not induce neural cell death or measurable innate immune activation following administration of concentrations over 20 times above the efficacious dose. Thus, DHA conjugation is a novel strategy for improving siRNA activity in mouse brain, with potential to act as a new therapeutic platform for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders.
Nutritional Supplements to Support Resistance Exercise in Countering the Sarcopenia of Aging; Skeletal muscle plays an indispensable role in metabolic health and physical function. A decrease in muscle mass and function with advancing age exacerbates the likelihood of mobility impairments, disease development, and early mortality. Therefore, the development of non-pharmacological interventions to counteract sarcopenia warrant significant attention. Currently, resistance training provides the most effective, low cost means by which to prevent sarcopenia progression and improve multiple aspects of overall health. Importantly, the impact of resistance training on skeletal muscle mass may be augmented by specific dietary components (i.e., protein), feeding strategies (i.e., timing, per-meal doses of specific macronutrients) and nutritional supplements (e.g., creatine, vitamin-D, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids etc.). The purpose of this review is to provide an up-to-date, evidence-based account of nutritional strategies to enhance resistance training-induced adaptations in an attempt to combat age-related muscle mass loss. In addition, we provide insight on how to incorporate the aforementioned nutritional strategies that may support the growth or maintenance of skeletal muscle and subsequently extend the healthspan of older individuals.
An Overview of the New Frontiers in the Treatment of Atherogenic Dyslipidemias; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the leading cause of morbidity/mortality worldwide. Dyslipidemia is a major risk factor for premature atherosclerosis and CVD. Lowering low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels is well established as an intervention for the reduction of CVDs. Statins are the first-line drugs for treatment of dyslipidemia, but they do not address all CVD risk. Development of novel therapies is ongoing and includes the following: (i) reduction of LDL-C concentrations using antibodies to proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-9, antisense oligonucleotide inhibitors of apolipoprotein B production, microsomal transfer protein (MTP) inhibitors, and acyl-coenzyme A cholesterol acyl transferase inhibitors; (ii) reduction in levels of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins with omega-3 fatty acids, MTP inhibitors, and diacylglycerol acyl transferase-1 inhibitors; and (iii) increase of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels, HDL particle numbers, and/or HDL functionality using cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors, HDL-derived agents, apolipoprotein Al mimetic peptides, and microRNAs. Large prospective outcome trials of several of these emerging therapies are under way, and thrilling progress in the field of lipid management is anticipated.
Effect of Mild Salinity Stress on the Growth, Fatty Acid and Carotenoid Compositions, and Biological Activities of the Thermal Freshwater Microalgae <i>Scenedesmus</i> sp.; Carotenoids have strong antioxidant activity as well as therapeutic value. Their production has been induced in algae under stressful culture conditions. However, the extreme culture conditions lead to the Programmed Cell Death (PCD) of algae, which affects their growth and productivity. This study was performed to evaluate the effect of salinity on the physiological and biochemical traits of Scenedesmus sp., thermal freshwater microalgae from Northern Tunisia. It was cultured under different NaCl concentrations ranging from 0 to 60 g/L. Results showed a good growth and high contents of total chlorophyll and carotenoids in Scenedesmus sp. cultured at 10 g/L of NaCl (salt-stressed 10 (Ss10)). The pigment composition of the Ss10 extract was acquired using HPLC-MS, and showed that the carotenoid fraction is particularly rich in xanthophylls. Moreover, the antioxidant (DPPH and FRAP) and enzymatic inhibition (tyrosinase and elastase) activities of the Ss10 extract were higher compared to those of the control culture. In addition, the cytotoxicity test on B16 cells showed that the Ss10 extract was non-toxic for all tested concentrations below 100 mu g/mL. It also showed a rich unsaturated fatty acid (FA) composition. Therefore, these findings suggest that Scenedesmus sp. strain cultivated under mild stress salinity could be a source of biomolecules that have potential applications in the nutraceutical and cosmeceutical industries.
Insights into the cardioprotective properties of n-3 PUFAs against ischemic heart disease via modulation of the innate immune system; Ischemic heart disease (IHD) is a major cause of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality worldwide, which is characterized by an imbalance between cardiac oxygen supply and demand predominantly due to obstruction of coronary arteries. Activation of the innate immune system and the consequent inflammatory response plays a role in the pathogenesis of IHD. Where an excessive inflammatory response may contribute to adverse cardiac remodeling and fibrosis, making inflammation an important therapeutic target for improving outcomes of IHD. While there are many discrepancies in the literature, evidence from both bench and clinical research demonstrate important effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), toward IHD. N-3 PUFAs, and their metabolites, have been demonstrated to modulate various components of the immune system, including regulation of chemokines and cytokines, leukocyte chemotaxis and inflammasome formation. In this article, we provide an overview of the role the innate immune system has in IHD and focus on the immunomodulatory effects of n-3 PUFAs and their biologically active metabolites.
Inhibition of CDK1 Overcomes Oxaliplatin Resistance by Regulating ACSL4-mediated Ferroptosis in Colorectal Cancer; Oxaliplatin is a widely used chemotherapy drug for patients with advanced colorectal cancer (CRC); however, frequent drug resistance limits its therapeutic efficacy in patients. Here, this work identifies cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1) as a critical contributor to oxaliplatin resistance via in vitro and in vivo CRISPR/Cas9 screening. CDK1 is highly expressed in oxaliplatin-resistant cells and tissues due to the loss of N6-methyladenosine modification. Genetic and pharmacological blockade of CDK1 restore the susceptibility of CRC cells to oxaliplatin in vitro and in cell/patient-derived xenograft models. Mechanistically, CDK1 directly binds to and phosphorylates Acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family 4 (ACSL4) at S447, followed by recruitment of E3 ubiquitin ligase UBR5 and polyubiquitination of ACSL4 at K388, K498, and K690, which leads to ACSL4 protein degradation. Reduced ACSL4 subsequently blocks the biosynthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acid containing lipids, thereby inhibiting lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis, a unique iron-dependent form of oxidative cell death. Moreover, treatment with a ferroptosis inhibitor nullifies the enhancement of CRC cell sensitivity to oxaliplatin by CDK1 blockade in vitro and in vivo. Collectively, the findings indicate that CDK1 confers oxaliplatin resistance to cells by suppressing ferroptosis. Therefore, administration of a CDK1 inhibitor may be an attractive strategy to treat patients with oxaliplatin-resistant CRC.
Hyperlipidaemia and severe hypertriglyceridaemia in pregnancy; Key contentLipid and triglyceride levels increase in pregnancy and do not pose problems for most women. However, pregnancy-specific factors and genetic aberrations, especially mutations, may result in supraphysiological hypercholesterolaemia (HC) and severe hypertriglyceridaemia (sHTG).HC and sHTG are associated with complications in pregnancy, including acute pancreatitis, hyperviscosity syndrome and pre-eclampsia.Abnormally high levels of lipids and triglycerides also affect fetal growth and the onset of gestational diabetes.The clinical presentation and diagnosis of HC and sHTG are varied.Management options include lifestyle and dietary restriction/modification, omega-3, bile-acid sequestrants, fenofibrate, statins and plasmapheresis. Learning objectivesTo understand the physiological changes that occur in lipids in pregnancy and how these are modulated.To appreciate the importance of severe HC and HTG in pregnancy, including their effects on maternal morbidity and mortality.To understand the various approaches to management and the importance of multidisciplinary management. Ethical issuesShould every woman be screened for HTG and HC during pregnancy?How safe are statins and other treatments for lipid disorders in pregnancy?Should women with very severe HTG be discouraged from getting pregnant?
New insights into the anorexia of ageing: from prevention to treatment; Purpose of review
How lipids may affect risk for suicidal behavior; Suicide and nonfatal suicidal behaviors are major causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide. Variability in rates of suicide and suicidal behaviors within and between countries has been attributed to population and individual risk factors, including economic status and cultural differences, both of which can have suicide risk effects mediated through a variety of factors, of which perhaps the least understood is the role of diet. We therefore review the scientific literature concerning two major dietary lipid classes, cholesterol and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), that have been associated with higher risk of suicide attempts and suicide. We consider potential mechanistic intermediates including serotonin transporters and receptors, toll-like receptors (TLRs), nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF kappa B), and peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPARs). Based on this review, we describe a theoretical model linking cholesterol and PUFA status to suicide risk, taking into account the effects of cholesterol-lowering interventions on PUFA balance, membrane lipid microdomains (rafts) as a nexus of interaction between cholesterol and omega-3 PUFAs, and downstream effects on serotonergic neurotransmission and specific inflammatory pathways.
Activation of JNK in sensory neurons protects against sensory neuron cell death in diabetes and on exposure to glucose/oxidative stress <i>in vitro</i>; Diabetes activates all three groups of MAP kinases in sensory ganglia. Inhibition of this activation for the ERK and p38 groups prevents nerve damage, and agents that improve neuronal function in diabetic rats-antioxidants and aldose reductase inhibitors-also inhibit activation of ERK and p38 in dorsal root ganglia (DRG). However, these same treatments consistently increase activation of JNK. Thus, in DRG from rats with streptozotocin (STZ)induced diabetes of 12-week duration, the p54/56 isoforms of JNK were activated by 2.75 compared to controls (P <.05). In DRG from diabetic rats treated with a gamma-linolenic acid and alpha-lipoic acid diester (GLA<^><^>ILA), the activity of the p54/56 isoform was 3.75 that of controls and the p46 isoform was also increased to 1.75 that of controls (both P <.05 compared to both controls and untreated diabetics). We therefore tested the hypothesis that JNK activation is protective. Exposure of rats to diabetes increased activation of JNK in DRG, but treatment with GLA<^><^>LA increased this effect (P &LT;.05). Specific inhibition of JNK in primary cultures of DRG neurons using a peptide inhibitor of JNK (JNKi1, 159-600-R100, 7.5 μM, Alexis Biochemicals) increased the release of LDH and reduced MTT staining; both findings indicate an increase in neuronal damage. Taken together these findings indicate that multiple isoforms of JNK were activated in sensory neurons of diabetic rats, probably by a combination of raised glucose and oxidative stress, and that this activation of JNK serves to protect the neurons from damage.
Whole genome analysis and cold adaptation strategies of <i>Pseudomonas sivasensis</i> W-6 isolated from the Napahai plateau wetland; Microbial communities of wetlands play key roles in the earth's ecology and stability. To elucidate the cold adaptation mechanisms of bacteria in plateau wetlands, we conducted comparative genomic analyses of Pseudomonas sivasensis and closely related lineages. The genome of P. sivasensis W-6, a cold-adapted bacterium isolated from the Napahai plateau wetland, was sequenced and analyzed. The genome length was 6,109,123 bp with a G+C content of 59.5%. Gene prediction yielded 5360 protein-coding sequences, 70 tRNAs, 24 gene islands, and 2 CRISPR sequences. The isolate contained evidence of horizontal gene transfer events during its evolution. Two prophages were predicted and indicated that W-6 was a lysogen. The cold adaptation of the W-6 strain showed psychrophilic rather than psychrotrophic characteristics. Cold-adapted bacterium W-6 can utilize glycogen and trehalose as resources, associated with carbohydrate-active enzymes, and survive in a low-temperature environment. In addition, the cold-adapted mechanisms of the W-6 included membrane fluidity by changing the unsaturated fatty acid profile, the two-component regulatory systems, anti-sense transcription, the role played by rpsU genes in the translation process, etc. The genome-wide analysis of W-6 provided a deeper understanding of cold-adapted strategies of bacteria in environments. We elucidated the adaptive mechanism of the psychrophilic W-6 strain for survival in a cold environment, which provided a basis for further study on host-phage coevolution.
Insight into the acid tolerance mechanism of <i>Acetilactobacillus jinshanensis</i> subsp. <i>aerogenes</i> Z-1; Several lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are double-edged swords in the production of Sichuan bran vinegar; on the one hand, they are important for the flavour of the vinegar, but on the other hand, they result in vinegar deterioration because of their gas-producing features and their acid resistance. These characteristics intensify the difficulty in managing the safe production of vinegar using strains such as Acetilactobacillus jinshanensis subsp. aerogenes Z-1. Therefore, it is necessary to characterize the mechanisms underlying their acid tolerance. The results of this study showed a survival rate of 77.2% for Z-1 when exposed to pH 3.0 stress for 1 h. This strain could survive for approximately 15 days in a vinegar solution with 4% or 6% total acid content, and its growth was effectively enhanced by the addition of 10 mM of arginine (Arg). Under acidic stress, the relative content of the unsaturated fatty acid C18:1 (n-11) increased, and eight amino acids accumulated in the cells. Meanwhile, based on a transcriptome analysis, the genes glnA, carA/B, arcA, murE/F/G, fabD/H/G, DnaK, uvrA, opuA/C, fliy, ecfA2, dnaA and LuxS, mainly enriched in amino acid transport and metabolism, protein folding, DNA repair, and cell wall/membrane metabolism processes, were hypothesized to be acid resistance-related genes in Z-1. This work paves the way for further clarifying the acid tolerance mechanism of Z-1 and shares applicable perspectives for vinegar brewing.
Docosahexaenoic acid provides protective mechanism in bilaterally MPTP-lesioned rat model of Parkinson's disease; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the phospholipid fraction of the brain, is essential for normal cellular function. Neurodegenerative disorders such as Parkinson's disease (PD) often exhibit significant declines in PUFAs. The aim of this study was to observe the effects of DHA supplementation in an experimental rat model of PD created with '1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine' (MPTP). Adult male Wistar rats were divided into four groups: (1) Control; (2) DHA-treated; (3) MPTP-induced; and (4) MPTP-induced + DHA-treated. Motor activity was investigated using the 'vertical pole' and 'vertical wire' tests. The dopaminergic lesion was determined by immunohistochemical analysis for tyrosine hydroxylase (TH)-immunopositive cells in substantia nigra (SN). Immunoreactivities of Bcl-2, Akt and phosphorylated-Akt (p-Akt) in SN were evaluated by immunohistochemistry. MPTP-induced animals exhibited decreased locomotor activity, motor coordination and loss of equilibrium Diminished Parkinsonism symptoms and decreased dopaminergic neuron death were detected in the MPTP-induced + DHA-treated group compared to the MPTP-induced group. Moderate decreases in Akt staining were found in the MPTP-induced and MPTP-induced + DHA-treated groups compared to controls. p-Akt immunoreactivity decreased dramatically in the MPTP-induced group compared to the control; however, it was increased in the MPTP-induced + DHA-treated group compared to the MPTP-induced group. The staining intensity for Bcl-2 decreased prominently in the MPTP-induced group compared to the control, while it was stronger in the MPTP-induced + DHA-treated group compared to the MPTP-induced group. In conclusion, DHA significantly protects dopaminergic neurons against cell death in an experimental PD model. Akt/p-Akt and Bcl-2 pathways are related to this protective effect of DHA in experimental PD. (Folia Histochemica et Cytobiologica 2012, Vol. 50, No. 2, 228-238)
V<sub>A</sub> and PUFA protection against 60Co γ-ray-induced abnormal expression of DNA damage-related genes in <i>C. elegans</i>; Radiotherapy is one of the most important methods in cancer treatment. However, radiation therapy can cause damage to normal tissues and even death. Vitamin A (V-A) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) can enhance the sensitivity of radiotherapy and protect normal cells, but the mechanisms are unclear. Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans) are used as a model organism, as the spectrum of DNA damage response is in accord with humans. To confirm the roles of Vitamin A and PUFA in preventing radiation DNA damage and to explore the mechanisms at the molecular level, wild-type C. elegans supplemented with V-A or PUFA were irradiated with 200 Gy or 400 Gy of 60Co gamma-ray. Expression of 6 potential DNA damage related genes was quantified by qRT-PCR. Results showed that 60Co caused abnormal expression of multiple DNA damage-related genes. Treating C. elegans with V-A or PUFA and irradiating C. elegans with 60Co, results indicated that V-A and PUFA function to protect nematodes with lower DNA damage. Expression of multiple DNA damage-related genes has shown some improvement, especially cep-1 and rad-51. Results indicate that V-A and PUFA could protect against 60Co gamma-ray by regulating expression of DNA damage-related genes in C. elegans.
Serum long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, methylmercury and blood pressure in an older population; Fish or fish oil consumption has been associated with lower blood pressure. Fish may also contain methylmercury, which has been associated with cardiovascular diseases and higher blood pressure. Our aim was to study the associations of serum long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), mainly reflecting fish or fish oil intake, and hair mercury concentration with blood pressure. Data were available for 848 men and 909 women from the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 53-73 years. We excluded participants with ischemic heart disease, stroke, diabetes or hypertension treatment, leaving 396 men and 372 women. Log-transformed values were used to study the associations. The mean serum concentrations were 1.63% (s.d. 0.91) for EPA, 0.77% (s.d. 0.16) for DPA and 2.73% (s.d. 0.90) for DHA of all serum fatty acids. Multivariate-adjusted serum EPA+DPA+DHA was associated with lower systolic blood pressure (beta = -4.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) -8.02- -0.99) and pulse pressure (beta = -4.41, 95% CI -6.95- -1.87), but not with diastolic blood pressure (beta = -0.45, 95% CI -2.31-1.52). The associations were similar with EPA, DPA and DHA evaluated individually. The mean hair mercury concentration was 1.42 mu g g(-1) (s.d. 1.54). Hair mercury was not associated with blood pressure and it did not modify the association between PUFA and blood pressure. These results suggest that higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration has a modest inverse association with blood pressure in older men and women. Hypertension Research (2012) 35, 1000-1004; doi:10.1038/hr.2012.80; published online 7 June 2012
Deficiency of Carboxylesterase 1/Esterase-x Results in Obesity, Hepatic Steatosis, and Hyperlipidemia; Increased lipogenesis, together with hyperlipidemia and increased fat deposition, contribute to obesity and associated metabolic disorders including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Here we show that carboxylesterase 1/esterase-x (Ces1/Es-x) plays a regulatory role in hepatic fat metabolism in the mouse. We demonstrate that Ces1/Es-x knockout mice present with increased hepatic lipogenesis and with oversecretion of apolipoprotein B (apoB)-containing lipoproteins (hepatic very-low density lipoproteins), which leads to hyperlipidemia and increased fat deposition in peripheral tissues. Consequently, Ces1/Es-x knockout mice develop obesity, fatty liver, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin insensitivity on chow diet without change in food intake and present with decreased energy expenditure. Ces1/Es-x deficiency prevents the release of polyunsaturated fatty acids from triacylglycerol stores, leading to an up-regulation of sterol regulatory element binding protein 1c-mediated lipogenesis, which can be reversed with dietary omega-3 fatty acids. Conclusion: These studies support a role for Ces1/Es-x in the partitioning of regulatory fatty acids and concomitant control of hepatic lipid biosynthesis, secretion, and deposition. (HEPATOLOGY 2012;56:2188-2198)
NPD1 rapidly targets mitochondria-mediated apoptosis after acute injection protecting brain against ischemic injury; Mitochondria-related cell death pathways play a major role in ischemic brain injury. Thus, mitochondrial "protective" molecules could be considered for new therapeutic regimens. We recently reported that acute administration of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) triglyceride lipid emulsion, immediately after hypoxic-ischemic (HI) insult, markedly attenuated brain infarct size. This was associated with an early change of DHA-derived specialized pro-resolving mediator (SPM) profiles. Specifically, DHA treatment induced a 50% increase of neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) levels in ischemic brain. Based on these findings, we questioned if direct administration of NPD1 after HI injury also affords neuroprotection, and if so, by what mechanisms.
FFAR1-and FFAR4-dependent activation of Hippo pathway mediates DHA-induced apoptosis of androgen-independent prostate cancer cells; Evidence indicates that diets enriched in Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a 22:6 n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, reduces the risk of prostate cancer, but the biochemical mechanisms are unclear. The Hippo pathway has been well established as a tumor suppressor pathway and is involved in many diverse biologic processes including cell growth, cell death, and organ size control in organisms. Here we showed that DHA induces cell growth inhibition and apoptosis of human androgen-independent prostate cancer cells dependent on the Hippo pathway. DHA inactivates YAP by promoting phosphorylation in androgen-independent prostate cancer cell lines, accompanied by increased YAP cytoplasm translocation. We also observed that DHA-induced YAP phosphorylation was reversed by both the LATS1 and MST1 siRNAs. Further experiments showed that the mechanism of DHA-induced YAP phosphorylation associated with FFAR1 and FFAR4. Down-regulation of FFAR1 and FFAR4 resulted in reduced YAP phosphorylation and reversed DHA-induced YAP phosphorylation. In addition, DHA-induced YAP phosphorylation was abolished by dominant negative G alpha s and PKA inhibitor H-89. Overall, these findings define a mechanism by which FFAR1-and FFAR4-dependent activation of Hippo pathway mediates DHA-induced apoptosis of androgen-independent prostate cancer cells, thus providing a promising therapeutic target for prostate cancer. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Up-regulation of intracellular signalling pathways may play a central pathogenic role in hypertension, atherogenesis, insulin resistance, and cancer promotion - The 'PKC syndrome'; The modern diet is greatly different from that of our paleolithic forebears' in a number of respects. There is reason to believe that many of these dietary shifts can up-regulate intracellular signalling pathways mediated by free intracellular calcium and protein kinase C, particularly in vascular smooth muscle cells; this disorder of intracellular regulation is given the name 'PKC syndrome'. PKC syndrome may entail either a constitutive activation of these pathways, or a sensitization to activation by various agonists. The modern dietary perturbations which tend to induce PKC syndrome may include increased dietary fat and sodium, and decreased intakes of omega-3 fats, potassium, calcium, magnesium and chromium. Insulin resistance may be both a cause and effect of PKC syndrome, and weight reduction and aerobic training should act to combat this disorder. PKC syndrome sensitizes vascular smooth muscle cells to both vasoconstrictors and growth factors, and thus promotes both hypertension and atherogenesis. In platelets, it induces hyperaggregability, while in the microvasculature it may be a mediator of diabetic microangiopathy. In vascular endothelium, intimal macrophages, and hepatocytes, increased protein kinase C activity can be expected to increase cardiovascular risk. Up-regulation of protein kinase C in stem cells may also play a role in the promotion of 'Western' fat-related cancers. Practical guidelines for combatting PKC syndrome are suggested.
Potential Options to Treat Hypertriglyceridaemia; Hypertriglyceridaemia is associated with insulin resistance, hypertension, obesity and diabetes. The management of hypertriglyceridaemia and atherogenic dyslipidaemias increasingly involves the use of several drugs for different aspects of the metabolic syndrome. This review highlights the agents for treatment of blood pressure, weight and blood pressure that reduce triglycerides as a number of drugs used to treat these co-morbidities also lower triglycerides as additional effects beyond their primary actions. Lipid-lowering drugs particularly fibrates and niacin and to a lesser degree statins and omega-3 fatty acids reduce plasma triglyceride levels. Additional reductions can be gained from the appropriate choice of therapies for co-morbid condition as the optimal combinations may offer benefits in improving cardiovascular risk as well as compliance.
Food and nutrient intakes and K-ras mutations in exocrine pancreatic cancer; Background: No studies have investigated the relation between K-ras mutations and dietary factors in exocrine pancreatic cancer (EPC), and fewer than 10 studies have done so in other neoplasms.
High-fat meals rich in EPA plus DHA compared with DHA only have differential effects on postprandial lipemia and plasma 8-isoprostane F<sub>2α</sub> concentrations relative to a control high-oleic acid meal: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation has beneficial cardiovascular effects, but postprandial influences of these individual fatty acids are unclear.
Dietary intake of antioxidants and fats in the context of coronary heart disease prevention among elderly people; Introduction. Some literature data indicate that the proper intake of exogenic antioxidants from food and the proper intake of fats can offer significant protection against coronary heart disease.
Nutraceutical intervention in ageing brain; Human brain ageing is associated with a number of specific neurobiological changes. As we age, the reduced neurogenesis in specific brain areas contributes to neural loss and brain shrinkage with an increased incidence of stroke, white matter lesions, and dementia. With age, myelin loss contributes to the decline of sensorimotor and cognitive processes. Moreover, beta-amyloid storage, neurofibrillary tangle formation, lipofuscin accumulation, are well known physio-pathological age-related disorders. In neurons, ageing-related metabolic changes involved a switch from aerobic glycolysis to oxidative phosphorylation. Mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress are two damage mechanisms that play a central role in brain ageing.
Docosahexaenoic acid enhances arsenic trioxide-mediated apoptosis in arsenic trioxide-resistant HL-60 cells; Recent reports indicate a broad spectrum of antileukemic activity for arsenic trioxide (As2O3) due to its ability to induce apoptosis via intracellular production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Despite its potent apoptotic mechanism, As2O3 is not equally effective in all leukemic cells, which has prompted a search for agents enhancing AS(2)O(3) efficacy. Recently, evidence has been gathered that the polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may sensitize tumor cells to ROS-inducing anticancer agents. The aim of our investigation was,to evaluate whether DHA enhances AS(2)O(3)-mediated apoptosis in AS(2)O(3)-resistant HL-60 cells. While 1 muM AS(2)O(3) or 25 muM DHA reduced cell viability to 85.8% +/- 2.9% and 69.2% +/- 3.6%, combined treatment with AS(2)O(3) and DHA reduced viability to 13.0% +/- 9.9% with a concomitant increase of apoptosis. Apoptotic cell death was preceded by collapse of the mitochondrial membrane potential, increased expression of proapoptotic B-cell lymphoma protein-2-associated X protein (Bax), and caspase-3 activation. Importantly, the combined effect of AS(2)O(3) and DHA was associated with increased production of intracellular ROS and toxic lipid peroxidation products and was abolished by the antioxidant vitamin E or when oleic acid (a nonperoxidizable fatty acid) was used in place of DHA. Intracellular ROS and toxic lipid peroxidation products most likely constitute the key mediators contributing to the combined effect of As2O3 and DHA. Our data provide the first evidence that DHA may help to extend the therapeutic spectrum of As2O3 and suggest that the combination of As2O3 and DHA could be more broadly applied in leukemia therapy. (C) 2003 by The American Society of Hematology.
EFFECTS OF CONTINUOUS TUBE-FEEDING OF DIETARY-FAT EMULSIONS ON EICOSANOID PRODUCTION AND ON FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION DURING AN ACUTE SEPTIC SHOCK IN RATS; The effects of a short-term (5 days) continuous intragastric tube feeding of diets containing n - 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from safflower oil (SO) or n - 3 PUFA from menhaden oil (MO) on the production of proinflammatory mediators, and on the number of animals surviving after an intravenous injection of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) were investigated in rats. The phospholipid fatty acid composition of cell membranes from several organs and of plasma were also analyzed. No marked differences in the number of animals surviving or in the production of tumor necrosis factor-cu were observed between the 2 groups of animals. However, 90 min after LPS exposure the plasma levels of prostaglandin (PG) E(2) and 6-keto-PGF(1 alpha) decreased significantly (40% and 60%, respectively) for the group of rats fed MO diet compared to those fed SO diet (P < 0.05). Following continuous infusion of Liquid MO diet, the amount of arachidonic acid (AA) detected was significantly lower in plasma (23%), spleen (43%), lungs (41%), and liver (38%), but was unchanged in the heart tissues. The percent of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) incorporated into phospholipids of plasma, spleen, lungs, liver, and heart were 7.6, 4.4, 2.1, 7.2, and 1.1%, respectively. These data indicate that after continuous MO feeding, a significant decrease in the production of proinflammatory eicosanoids was associated with a marked reduction in AA content. Further, these data suggest that nutritional intervention may have a therapeutic potential to ameliorate clinical symptoms due to excessive productions of eicosanoids during acute septic complications.
DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID (DHA): A NUTRITIONAL VIEW FOR THE PREVENTION OF ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a major public health problem in many countries of the world; however the specific cause of this disease is still unknown. Currently, a bulk of evidence supports the hypothesis that beta-amyloid peptide could be the cause of synaptic injuries and neuronal death observed at the initial stages of the disease. Patients with AD show lower levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22: 6; omega-3) in plasma and brain tissue, as compared with age-matched controls. In addition, epidemiological studies indicate that a high intake of DMA may have protective properties against neurodegenerative diseases. These observations are supported by in vivo studies showing that diets rich in DHA reduce synaptic injuries and cognitive defects induced by the beta-amyloid peptide. Although the molecular basis of these neuroprotective effects are still unknown, a number of mechanisms have been proposed to explain this protection, such as: regulation in the expression of potentially protective genes, activation of anti-inflammatory pathways, and modulation of the functional properties of neuronal membranes along with changes in their structural characteristics and physical-chemical properties. The present work reviews and discusses the molecular basis of the hypothesis on the protective role of DHA in the prevention of AD.
Storage Stability of DHA in Enriched Liquid Eggs; The oxidative stability of liquid eggs enriched with very long-chain n-3 fatty acids and liquid regular eggs stored under refrigerated temperature, is investigated. Oxidized lipids can alter both nutritional and sensorial properties of foods. The extent of lipid oxidation is evaluated by quantification of total lipids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and peroxide value (PV), but also by assessment of total tocopherols and gamma-tocopherol losses. Additionally, the development of fishy off-flavor is evaluated. Results highlight significant differences between omega and regular liquid eggs stability. Although, the oxidative changes are observed in both types of liquid eggs, more susceptible to oxidation are omega liquid eggs.
ACSL4 promotes microglia-mediated neuroinflammation by regulating lipid metabolism and VGLL4 expression; Acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 4 (ACSL4) is an important isozyme in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism. The role of ACSL4 in the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced inflammation of microglia, and the effects of ACSL4-mediated inflammation on the progression of Parkinson's disease (PD) are unknown. In this study, we found that ACSL4 expression was increased after LPS stimulation. Knocking down ACSL4 in microglia decreased proinflammatory cytokine production. Mechanistically, ACSL4 reduced vestigial-like family member 4 (VGLL4) expression to promote NF-kappa B signal transduction; and ACSL4 regulated lipid composition after LPS stimulation. In addition, knocking down ACSL4 alleviated neuroinflammation in a systemic LPS model and acute l-methyl-4-phenyl-l,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP) model. These data revealed ACSL4 to be a novel regulator that promotes microglia-mediated neuroinflammation by regulating VGLL4 expression and lipid metabolism.
ABNORMAL MYOCARDIAL LIPID-COMPOSITION IN AN INFANT WITH TYPE-II GLUTARIC ACIDURIA; We have analyzed the myocardial lipids of an infant with glutaric aciduria type II (GAII) who died from sudden cardiac failure and of five infants who died suddenly from indeterminate causes (sudden infant death syndrome, SIDS). histology of the SIDS hearts was normal, but there was marked fatty deposition in the GAII heart. Fatty acid composition of myocardial lipids was determined by thin-layer chromatography-gas-liquid chromatography. Total lipid was elevated 20-fold in the GAII heart. Of total fatty acids, 75% was derived from phospholipids in SIDS heart and 89% from neutral lipids in GAII heart. Increased levels of free oleic acid and a 6-fold elevation in the (n-6)/(n-3) fatty acid ratio in phospholipid were noted in GAII heart compared to SIDS hearts.
Nursing sickness in the mink - a metabolic mystery or a familiar foe?; Nursing sickness, the largest single cause of mortality in adult female mink (Mustela vison), is an example of a metabolic disorder, which develops when the demands for lactation require extensive mobilization of body energy reserves. The condition is characterized by progressive weight loss, emaciation, and dehydration with high concentrations of glucose and insulin in the blood. Morbidity due to nursing sickness can be as high as 15% with mortality around 8%, but the incidence is known to vary from year to year. Stress has been shown to trigger the onset of the disease and old females and females with large litters are most often affected. Increasing demand for gluconeogenesis from amino acids due to heavy milk production may be a predisposing factor. Glucose metabolism is inextricably linked to that of protein and fats. In obesity (or lipodystrophy), the ability of adipose tissue to buffer the daily influx of nutrients is overwhelmed (or absent), interfering with insulin-mediated glucose disposal and leading to insulin resistance. Polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 family play an important role in modulating insulin signalling and glucose uptake by peripheral tissue. The increasing demand on these fatty acids for milk fat synthesis towards late lactation may result in deficiency in the lactating female, thus impairing glucose disposal. It is suggested that the underlying cause of mink nursing sickness is the development of acquired insulin resistance with 3 contributing key elements: obesity (or hpodystrophy), n-3 fatty acid deficiency, and high protein oxidation rate. It is recommended that mink breeder females be kept in moderate body condition during fall and winter to avoid fattening or emaciation. A dietary n-3 fatty acid supplement during the lactation period may be beneficial for improved glycemic control. Lowering of dietary protein reduces (oxidative) stress and improves water balance in the nursing females and may, therefore, prevent the development and help in the management of nursing sickness. It is also surmised that other, thus far unexplained, metabolic disorders seen in male and female mink may be related to acquired insulin resistance.
Lifestyle and cardiovascular risk factors in 2001 child-parent pairs: The PEP Family Heart Study; Objective: Genes and environment are the main determinants of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factor clustering in families. Since individual risk factor profiles are easily predicted within families, we examined whether CVD risk factors are affected by lifestyle factors in these families.
DIETARY MODULATION OF LIPID-METABOLISM AND MECHANICAL PERFORMANCE OF THE HEART; Sudden Cardiac Death resulting from sustained ventricular fibrillation or malignant cardiac arrhythmia has been linked to the type of dietary fat intake in several economically well developed countries where high levels of saturated fatty acids are common. Experimental studies with the small non-human primate marmoset monkey have clearly demonstrated the health benefit of substituting polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA's) for dietary saturated fatty acids. Heart rate and blood pressure are lowered, while the left ventricular ejection fraction and the electrical threshold for the induction of ventricular fibrillation are both increased after prolonged feeding of PUFA enriched diets. All these changes in heart function reduce the risk of developing malignant cardiac arrhythmias.
Elovanoid-N34 modulates TXNRD1 key in protection against oxidative stress-related diseases; The thioredoxin (TXN) system is an NADPH + H+/FAD redox-triggered effector that sustains homeostasis, bioenergetics, detoxifying drug networks, and cell survival in oxidative stress-related diseases. Elovanoid (ELV)-N34 is an endogenously formed lipid mediator in neural cells from omega-3 fatty acid precursors that modulate neuroinflammation and senescence gene programming when reduction-oxidation (redox) homeostasis is disrupted, enhancing cell survival. Limited proteolysis (LiP) screening of human retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells identified TXNRD1 isoforms 2, 3, or 5, the reductase of the TXN system, as an intracellular target of ELV-N34. TXNRD1 silencing confirmed that the ELV-N34 target was isoform 2 or 3. This lipid mediator induces TXNRD1 structure changes that modify the FAD interface domain, leading to its activity modulation. The addition of ELV-N34 decreased membrane and cytosolic TXNRD1 activity, suggesting localizations for the targeted reductase. These results show for the first time that the lipid mediator ELV-N34 directly modulates TXNRD1 activity, underling its protection in several pathologies when uncompensated oxidative stress (UOS) evolves.
THROMBOSIS IN DOG PRODUCED BY SINGLE RAPID INFUSIONS OF LONG CHAIN SATURATED FATTY ACIDS; To determine whether long chain saturated fatty acids, which are known to enhance solidification in vitro, can produce thrombosis in vivo, 195 dogs were infused intravenously over a 5-min. period with 10 ml/kg of a 0.1% suspension of the Na salts of oleic, linolenic, stearic or palmitic acid and also a combination of oleic-palmitic and oleic stearic. Saline was used as a control. Oleic acid, linolenic acid and normal saline were innocuous. Twenty-five per cent of stearic-acid infused dogs, 33% of palmitic, 10% of oleic-palmitic and 71% of oleic-stearic infused dogs died. Massive thrombosis (venous and arterial) was found at necropsy in over 80% of these dogs. In those that survived the infusion, immediate necropsy after the Wessler technique frequently showed small localized thromboses. The only laboratory test significantly different from the normal was the recalcification time which was shortened in dogs given the saturated fatty acids. The significance and possible mechanism of these results are discussed.
A trans-fatty acid-rich diet promotes liver tumorigenesis in HCV core gene transgenic mice; Excess consumption of trans-fatty acid (TFA), an unsaturated fatty acid containing trans double bonds, is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. However, little is known about the link between TFA and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) despite it being a frequent form of cancer in humans. In this study, the impact of excessive dietary TFA on hepatic tumorigenesis was assessed using hepatitis C virus (HCV) core gene transgenic mice that spontaneously developed HCC. Male transgenic mice were treated for 5 months with either a control diet or an isocaloric TFA-rich diet that replaced the majority of soybean oil with shortening. The prevalence of liver tumors was significantly higher in TFA-rich diet-fed transgenic mice compared with control diet-fed transgenic mice. The TFA-rich diet significantly increased the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, as well as oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress, and activated nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B) and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2), leading to high p62/sequestosome 1 (SQSTM1) expression. Furthermore, the TFA diet activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) and stimulated the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway, synergistically upregulating cyclin D1 and c-Myc, driving cell proliferation. Excess TFA intake also promoted fibrogenesis and ductular reaction, presumably contributing to accelerated liver tumorigenesis. In conclusion, these results demonstrate that a TFA-rich diet promotes hepatic tumorigenesis, mainly due to persistent activation of NF-kappa B and NRF2-p62/SQSTM1 signaling, ERK and Wnt/beta-catenin pathways and fibrogenesis. Therefore, HCV-infected patients should avoid a TFA-rich diet to prevent liver tumor development.
Serum apolipoproteins in relation to intakes of fish in population of Arkhangelsk County; Background: Diets rich in omega-3 fatty acids and low in saturated fat were found beneficially associated with blood lipids and cardio-vascular health. Lean reindeer meet and local cold water white-fish species high in omega-3 are among the main sources of nutrients in the rural area of the Nenets Autonomous Okrug (NAO) in Russia and are not normally consumed by the urban population from the same region. The aims of the study were firstly, to compare serum lipid profiles of residents of urban (Arkhangelsk city) and rural (NAO) regions of Arkhangelsk County, and secondly, to investigate the effects of fish consumption on the predictor of cardiovascular events apolipoprotein (Apo) B/ApoA-I ratio in these populations.
Enhanced gene delivery to the lung using biodegradable polyunsaturated cationic phosphatidylcholine-detergent conjugates; Lung diseases are among the more representative causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide and gene therapy is considered as a promising therapeutic approach for their treatment. However the design of efficient nucleic acid carriers for airway administration still is a challenge and there is a pressing need for new developments in this field. Herein, new synthetic DNA carriers based on the conjugation of a phospholipid and C12E4, a nonionic detergent, are developed. DNA complexes with phosphatidylcholine-detergent conjugates are administered in mouse airways, and transgene expression and inflammatory activity as an index of toxicity are investigated as a function of time, DNA dose, and presence of helper and stealth lipids. Introduction of a biodegradable linker between the phosphatidylcholine and detergent moieties significantly attenuates the severity of inflammatory response that characterizes cationic lipid-mediated gene transfer. Concurrent introduction of polyunsaturated fatty acid chains in the carrier scaffold improves transgene expression and further reduces airway inflammation. Finally, the biodegradable phosphatidylcholine-detergent conjugates favorably compare to GL67A, the gold standard for DNA delivery to the airway that is currently under clinical evaluation. Our findings indicate that the lipid formulations described herein may have great potential as nucleic acid carriers for gene therapy. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Exercise and the inflammatory response in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) - Does training confer anti-inflammatory properties in COPD?; There is increasing evidence that systemic inflammation plays an important rote in the pathogenesis of COPD. Inflammatory markers show relationships with exercise performance, health related quality of life and breathlessness. These are important clinical outcomes in the management of COPD. Even more so is the consideration that systemic inflammation in COPD may be directly associated with mortality and deterioration of disease. Longterm exercise training clearly has beneficial properties in healthy subjects, whether the same is true in COPD remains to be seen. This review discusses aspects of the anti-inflammatory effects of exercise in relation to patients with COPI). There is intriguing evidence that the exercise-induced cytokine response differs in COPD patients compared with healthy subjects. We consider the rote of IL-6 in the manifestation of fatigue in COPD and consider the implications of raised CRP- and TNF-alpha. Early data suggests beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid PUFA supplementation and exercise training in combination with appropriate nutritional support may yield rewarding therapeutic benefits. This review raises the hypothesis that physical training in COPD is associated with immunological changes that may confer anti-inflammatory benefits and in part, explain changes seen after pulmonary rehabilitation in COPD patients. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of adding fish oil to parenteral nutrition on hepatic mononuclear cell function and survival after intraportal bacterial challenge in mice; Background. Parenteral nutrition (PN) is indispensable for meeting caloric and substrate needs of patients Who cannot receive adequate amounts of enteral nutrition; however, PN impairs hepatic immunity. We examined the effects of omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, added individually to fat-free PN, on hepatic immunity in a murine model. We focused on serum liver enzymes, cytokine production, histopathology, and the outcomes after intraportal bacterial challenge.
Nut and seed consumption and inflammatory markers in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis; Nuts and seeds are rich in unsaturated fat and other nutrients that may reduce inflammation. Frequent nut consumption is associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The authors examined associations between nut and seed consumption and C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and fibrinogen in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. This 2000 cross-sectional analysis included 6,080 US participants aged 45-84 years with adequate information on diet and biomarkers. Nut and seed consumption was categorized as never/rare, less than once/week, 1-4 times/week, and five or more times/week. After adjustment for age, gender, race/ethnicity, site, education, income, smoking, physical activity, use of fish oil supplements, and other dietary factors, mean biomarker levels in categories of increasing consumption were as follows: C-reactive protein-1.98, 1.97, 1.80, and 1.72 mg/liter; interleukin-6-1.25, 1.24, 1.21, and 1.15 pg/ml; and fibrinogen-343, 338, 338, and 331 mg/dl (all p's for trend < 0.01). Further adjustment for hypertension, diabetes, medication use, and lipid levels yielded similar results. Additional adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated the magnitude of the associations, yielding borderline statistical significance. Associations of nut and seed consumption with these biomarkers were not modified by body mass index, waist:hip ratio, or race/ethnicity. Frequent nut and seed consumption was associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers, which may partially explain the inverse association of nut consumption with cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk.
Comparison of plasma levels of different species of trans fatty acids in Japanese male patients with acute coronary syndrome <i>versus</i> healthy men; Background and aims: It remains unclear how trans fatty acid (TFA) at low-level intake affect lipid levels and the development of acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The study aimed to investigate how plasma TFA composition differs between male patients with ACS and healthy men.
RETRACTED: The cytoprotective effects of Δ-17 fatty acid desaturase on injured HUVECs and its underlying mechanism (Retracted article. See vol. 30, pg. 647, 2022); Endothelium toxicity has been involved in early endothelial dysfunction to show the pathogenesis of multiple cardiovascular disease that shows atherosclerosis and its complications. Saturated free fatty acids are the main inducing factors of endothelial cell apoptosis and inflammatory cytokines. In humans, stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD-1) is a restriction step to saturation to unsaturated fatty acid desaturation, which plays a beneficial role protecting endothelial cells against lipotoxicity. Delta-17 fatty acid desaturase (FAD) is a newly identified FAD which shares 55% identity at the amino acid level with SCD-1. Whether Delta-17 FAD has similar beneficial effect remains poorly understood. Oxidized low density lipoprotein (ox-LDL) was used to induce lipotoxicity in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) to establish a model of oxidative injury. Then HUVECs were transfected with FAD lentivirus to introduce cytoprotective effects. The alterations in cell proliferation and apoptosis, nitric oxide content, malonyl-dialdehyde (MDA) content, SOD enzyme content, LDH content, GSH-PX level, vascular growth factor (VEGF) expression were evaluated. Studies showed that ox-LDL-induced excess HUVEC apoptosis can be abrogated by upregulation of Delta-17 FAD. The nitric oxide content, GSH-PX content, and SOD enzyme content were increased and the activity of MDA was suppressed by upregulation of Delta-17 FAD. In addition, upregulation of Delta-17 FAD significantly increased VEGF expression. In vitro tube formation assay showed that Delta-17 FAD promoted angiogenesis to a significant degree. These results suggest that Delta-17 fatty acid desaturase may have beneficial action in the prevention of ox-LDL-induced cellular damage. (C) 2017 Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
TRANSITION TO TURBULENCE IN A ROTATING CHANNEL; Direct numerical simulation is used to determine the flow that occur as the Reynolds number, Re. is increased in a plane channel undergoing system rotation about a spanwise axis. (Plane Poisuille flow occurs for zero rotation rate and low Re.)  A constant system rotation speed of 0.5, non-dimensionalized with respect to the bulk streamwise velocity and channel full width, is used throughout. The spectral numerical method solves the three-dimensional, time-dependent, incompressible Navier-Strokes equation using periodic boundary conditions in the streamwise and spanwise directions. On increasing the Reynolds number above the temporally periodic wavy vortex regime, near Re = 4 Re(c) (Re(c) = 88.6 is the critical Re for development of vortices), a second temporal  frequency, omega-2, occurs in the flow that corresponds to slow constant spanwise motion of the vortices. superposed on the much faster, constant, streamwise motion of the wavy vortex waves. Curiously, omega-2 is always frequency locked with the wavy vortex frequency omega-1 for the parameter range explored, although the locking ratio varies. At the slightly higher Re of 4.1 Re(c), omega-2 is replaced by a new frequency omega-2' that corresponds to a modulation of the wavy vortices like that seen in modulated wavy Taylor vortex flow. However, unlike the Taylor-Couette geometry, the modulation frequency here can become frequency locked with the wavy vortex frequency. Increasing Re further to Re = 4.2 Re(c) results in the appearance of a second incommensurate modulation frequency omega-3, yielding a quasi-periodic three-frequency flow, although there are only two frequencies (omega-2' and omega-3) present in the reference frame moving with the travelling wave associated with                                        2 omega-1. At still higher Re(Re = 4.5 Re(c)), weak temporal chaos occurs. This flow is not turbulent however. Calculations of the instantaneous largest Lyapunov exponent, lambda(t), and the spatial structure of small perturbations of the flow show that the chaos is driven by spanwise  shear instability of the streamwise velocity component. At the highest Re of 6.7 Re(c) considered, quasi-coherent turbulent boundary layer structures occur as transient, secondary streamwise-oriented vortices in the viscous sublayer near the inviscidly unstable (high-pressure) wall. Calculations of lambda(t) and the spatial structure of small perturbations to the flow show that the coherent structures are not caused by the local growth of small disturbances to the flow.
Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia; Assessing the cardiovascular risk associated with hypertriglyceridemia can be challenging due to frequent confounding conditions such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia. We sought to quantify this risk by examining several meta-analyses as well as subgroup analyses of previously published major randomized controlled trials that focused on the treatment of hyperlipidemia.
Genomic, Transcriptomic, and Proteomic Analysis Provide Insights Into the Cold Adaptation Mechanism of the Obligate Psychrophilic Fungus <i>Mrakia psychrophila</i>; Mrakia psychrophila is an obligate psychrophilic fungus. The cold adaptation mechanism of psychrophilic fungi remains unknown. Comparative genomics analysis indicated that M. psychrophila had a specific codon usage preference, especially for codons of Gly and Arg and its major facilitator superfamily (MFS) transporter gene family was expanded. Transcriptomic analysis revealed that genes involved in ribosome and energy metabolism were upregulated at 4 degrees, while genes involved in unfolded protein binding, protein processing in the endoplasmic reticulum, proteasome, spliceosome, and mRNA surveillance were upregulated at 20 degrees. In addition, genes related to unfolded protein binding were alternatively spliced. Consistent with other psychrophiles, desaturase and glycerol 3-phosphate dehydrogenase, which are involved in biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acid and glycerol respectively, were upregulated at 4 degrees. Cold adaptation of M. psychrophila is mediated by synthesizing unsaturated fatty acids to maintain membrane fluidity and accumulating glycerol as a cryoprotectant. The proteomic analysis indicated that the correlations between the dynamic patterns between transcript level changes and protein level changes for some pathways were positive at 4 degrees, but negative at 20 degrees. The death of M. psychrophila above 20 degrees might be caused by an unfolded protein response.
EFFECTS OF SLAUGHTERHOUSE OFFAL AND FISH MIXTURE BASED DIETS ON PRODUCTION PERFORMANCE OF BLUE AND SILVER FOXES; A production experiment with blue and silver foxes was performed in order to reveal the long-term effects of feeding a diet abundant in polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids during the growth period. The main emphasis was on the growth performance and general fur characteristics of the animals. The experiment consisted of 200 blue foxes and 44 silver foxes and it lasted from July to pelting in 1988. The experimental diets were a SH = slaughterhouse offal based diet and a FM = fish mixture based diet supplemented with fish oil. The fat level of the diets was 20% in dry matter. In both fox species, there were no great differences between diets in the body weight of the animals at pelting. Only blue fox males in the FM dietary group were lighter than those in the SH group. In silver foxes, the dried raw skins were longer in the FM group than in the SH group. Fur characteristics were in general better in both blue and silver foxes on the FM diet than on the SH diet, except for the color purity of the fur skins, which was shown to deteriorate on the FM diet. Improved fur quality was, however, probably not due to the fish oil supplementation, but rather to the higher protein content of the FM diet. Animal losses on the FM diet (12) were higher than on the SH diet (1) in blue foxes. In the silver foxes studied, 2 animals died in the FM group. The deaths were likely caused by an excessively low feed temperature and, consequent to that, diarrhea, because the FM diet was mainly composed of frozen ingredients. Blue and silver foxes also differed from each other in feeding behaviour, which may have worsened the situation of the blue foxes. No clear differences could be shown in the animal growth performance of either blue or silver foxes. The deleterious or beneficial effects found in this experiment were probably not related to the accumulation of polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids in the animal's tissues and organs. The time period from July to pelting is likely to be too short to affect production performance.
Walnut inclusion in a palm oil-based atherogenic diet promotes traits predicting stable atheroma plaque in <i>Apoe</i>-deficient mice; IntroductionThe lower rates of cardiovascular disease in Southern Europe could be partially explained by the low prevalence of lipid-rich atheroma plaques. Consumption of certain foods affects the progression and severity of atherosclerosis. We investigated whether the isocaloric inclusion of walnuts within an atherogenic diet prevents phenotypes predicting unstable atheroma plaque in a mouse model of accelerated atherosclerosis. MethodsApolipoprotein E-deficient male mice (10-week-old) were randomized to receive a control diet (9.6% of energy as fat, n = 14), a palm oil-based high-fat diet (43% of energy as fat, n = 15), or an isocaloric diet in which part of palm oil was replaced by walnuts in a dose equivalent to 30 g/day in humans (n = 14). All diets contained 0.2% cholesterol. ResultsAfter 15 weeks of intervention, there were no differences in size and extension in aortic atherosclerosis among groups. Compared to control diet, palm oil-diet induced features predicting unstable atheroma plaque (higher lipid content, necrosis, and calcification), and more advanced lesions (Stary score). Walnut inclusion attenuated these features. Palm oil-based diet also boosted inflammatory aortic storm (increased expression of chemokines, cytokines, inflammasome components, and M1 macrophage phenotype markers) and promoted defective efferocytosis. Such response was not observed in the walnut group. The walnut group's differential activation of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B; downregulated) and Nrf2 (upregulated) in the atherosclerotic lesion could explain these findings. ConclusionThe isocaloric inclusion of walnuts in an unhealthy high-fat diet promotes traits predicting stable advanced atheroma plaque in mid-life mice. This contributes novel evidence for the benefits of walnuts, even in an unhealthy dietary environment.
Elevated triglycerides: A matter of the heart and pancreas; Mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridaemia (triglyceride (TG) > 1.7 -10.0 mmol/L) is an independent cardiovascular risk factor, while severe hypertriglyceridaemia (TG > 10.0 mmol/L) can cause acute pancreatitis. Hypertriglyceridaemia is polygenic in most patients, and secondary factors, such as uncontrolled diabetes, hypothyroidism, alcohol, renal disease and medication (e.g. corticosteroids, retinoids, oestrogen), often play an important role in precipitating or exacerbating the condition. Patients with mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridaemia require cardiovascular risk assessment and are in the first instance treated with statins if their cardiovascular risk is high. Control of secondary factors and lifestyle modifications are important in managing residual hypertriglyceridaemia in patients treated with statins. Multiple trials are ongoing to determine whether there is further cardiovascular outcome benefit from adding drugs such as fibrates or omega-3 supplements to the regimen of patients who are receiving statins. Severe hypertriglyceridaemia is managed by removing or controlling secondary factors, following a very low-fat diet and prescribing a fibrate.
Strategies to Reduce Oxidative Stress in Glaucoma Patients; Background: Primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) is a multifactorial pathology involving a variety of pathogenic mechanisms, including oxidative/nitrosative stress. This latter is the consequence of the imbalance between excessive formation and insufficient protection against reactive oxygen/nitrogen species.
Fatty acid composition of chicken breast meat is dependent on genotype-related variation of <i>FADS1</i> and <i>FADS2</i> gene expression and desaturating activity; In Western countries the dietary guidance emphasizes the need to decrease the intake of saturated fatty acids and to replace them with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), particularly long chain n-3 PUFA (LC-PUFA). The production of poultry meat having a lower fat content and healthier fatty acid (FA) profile is a hot topic for the poultry industry, and the possibility to identify genotypes able to produce meat with a higher LC-PUFA content deserves attention. The aims of the present study were to evidence in chicken (i) a genotype-related different expression of the desaturating enzymes delta-6 (Delta 6, EC 1.14.99.25), delta-5 (Delta 5, EC 1.14.19.) and delta-9 (Delta 9, EC 1.14.19.1); (ii) the impact of the hypothesized different expression on the meat FA composition; (iii) the distribution of desaturase products in the different lipid classes. Slow (SG), medium (MG) and fast (FG) growing chickens fed the same diet were evaluated either for the relative expression of FADS1, FADS2 and SCD1 genes in liver (by q-PCR), or for the FA composition of breast meat. MG and particularly SG birds showed a greater expression of FADS2 and FADS1 genes, a higher Delta 6 and Delta 5 activity (estimated using desaturase indices), and consequently a higher LC-PUFA content in the breast meat than FG birds. The relationship between genotype and desaturating ability was demonstrated, with a significant impact on the PUFA content of breast meat. Due to the high consumption rate of avian meat, the identification of the best genotypes for meat production could represent an important goal not only for the food industry, but also for the improvement of human nutrition.
Analysis of interleukin-1β-induced cell signaling activation in rat hippocampus following exposure to gamma irradiation -: Protective effect of eicosapentaenoic acid; Among the many reported effects of irradiation in cells is activation of the stress-activated protein kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), which has been shown to result in apoptotic cell death. The trigger that leads to JNK activation has not been identified, although, in rat hippocampus at least, irradiation-induced apoptosis has been coupled with increased accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Significantly, irradiation-induced changes in hippocampus are abrogated by treatment of rats with the polyunsaturated fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). A close coupling between ROS accumulation and concentration of the pro-inflammatory cytokine, interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) in hippocampus has been reported, and the evidence suggests that IL-1beta may be responsible for the enhanced ROS production. Here we set out to assess the possibility that whole body gamma-irradiation increases IL-1beta concentration in hippocampus and to investigate the consequences of such a change. We present evidence that reveals that the irradiation-induced increase in IL-1beta concentration in hippocampus is accompanied by increased expression of IL-1 type I receptor and IL-1 accessory protein and increased activation of IL-1 receptor-activated kinase. These changes, which were coupled with increased activation of JNK and evidence of apoptotic cell death, were absent in hippocampus of rats that received EPA treatment. Significantly, EPA treatment enhanced hippocampal IL-10 concentration that was inversely correlated with IL-1beta concentration. The data are consistent with the idea that EPA exerts anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects in the central nervous system.
Differential Roles of Unsaturated and Saturated Fatty Acids on Autophagy and Apoptosis in Hepatocytes; Fatty acid-induced lipotoxicity plays a critical role in the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic liver disease. Saturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids have differential effects on cell death and steatosis, but the mechanisms responsible for these differences are not known. Using cultured HepG2 cells and primary mouse hepatocytes, we found that unsaturated and saturated fatty acids differentially regulate autophagy and apoptosis. The unsaturated fatty acid, oleic acid, promoted the formation of triglyceride-enriched lipid droplets and induced autophagy but had a minimal effect on apoptosis. In contrast, the saturated fatty acid, palmitic acid, was poorly converted into triglyceride-enriched lipid droplets, suppressed autophagy, and significantly induced apoptosis. Subsequent studies revealed that palmitic acid-induced apoptosis suppressed autophagy by inducing caspase-dependent Beclin 1 cleavage, indicating cross-talk between apoptosis and autophagy. Moreover, our data suggest that the formation of triglyceride-enriched lipid droplets and induction of autophagy are protective mechanisms against fatty acid-induced lipotoxicity. In line with our in vitro findings, we found that high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis was associated with autophagy in the mouse liver. Potential modulation of autophagy may be a novel approach that has therapeutic benefits for obesity-induced steatosis and liver injury.
The bidirectional interaction of COVID-19 infections and lipoproteins; COVID-19 infections decrease total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, and apolipoprotein A-I, A-II, and B levels while triglyceride levels may be increased or inappropriately normal for the poor nutritional status. The degree of reduction in total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, and apolipoprotein A-I are predictive of mortality. With recovery lipid/lipoprotein levels return towards pre-infection levels and stu-dies have even suggested an increased risk of dyslipidemia post-COVID-19 infection. The potential mechanisms for these changes in lipid and lipoprotein levels are discussed. Decreased HDL-C and apolipoprotein A-I levels measured many years prior to COVID-19 infections are associated with an increased risk of severe COVID-19 infections while LDL-C, apolipoprotein B, Lp (a), and triglyceride le-vels were not consistently associated with an increased risk. Finally, data suggest that omega-3-fatty acids and PCSK9 inhibitors may reduce the severity of COVID-19 infections. Thus, COVID-19 infec-tions alter lipid/lipoprotein levels and HDL-C levels may affect the risk of developing COVID-19 infections.& COPY; 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creative-commons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Microalgal Lipid Extracts Have Potential to Modulate the Inflammatory Response: A Critical Review; Noncommunicable diseases (NCD) and age-associated diseases (AAD) are some of the gravest health concerns worldwide, accounting for up to 70% of total deaths globally. NCD and AAD, such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and cancer, are associated with low-grade chronic inflammation and poor dietary habits. Modulation of the inflammatory status through dietary components is a very appellative approach to fight these diseases and is supported by increasing evidence of natural and dietary components with strong anti-inflammatory activities. The consumption of bioactive lipids has a positive impact on preventing chronic inflammation and consequently NCD and AAD. Thus, new sources of bioactive lipids have been sought out. Microalgae are rich sources of bioactive lipids such as omega-6 and -3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and polar lipids with associated anti-inflammatory activity. PUFAs are enzymatically and non-enzymatically catalyzed to oxylipins and have a significant role in anti and pro-resolving inflammatory responses. Therefore, a large and rapidly growing body of research has been conducted in vivo and in vitro, investigating the potential anti-inflammatory activities of microalgae lipids. This review sought to summarize and critically analyze recent evidence of the anti-inflammatory potential of microalgae lipids and their possible use to prevent or mitigate chronic inflammation.
An aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist suppresses the growth of human umbilical vein endothelial cells in vitro: Potent effect with polyunsaturated fatty acids; Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) are a pivotal component of the hematopoietic microenvironment linked to the modulation of the immune response, inflammation and carcinogenesis. HUVEC expresses the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR), which regulates gene expression by binding to the xenobiotic-responsive element. 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) is a potent agonist for AHR signalling. Treatment with TCDD (0.1-100 nmol/L) was found to suppress the proliferation and to stimulate the death of HUVEC. TCDD's effects were abolished by culturing with CH223191, an inhibitor of AHR signalling. Mechanistically, TCDD treatment increased the protein levels of cell growth suppressors, including p53, Rb, p21 and regucalcin, and caspase-3 implicated in apoptotic cell death, and decreased the levels of Stat3, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK/Erk1/2) and phospho-MAPK/Erk1/2. Treatment with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and arachidonic acid, suppressed the proliferation and stimulated the death of HUVEC in vitro, and decreased the levels of Stat3, MAPK/Erk1/2 and phospho-MAPK/Erk1/2 and increased caspase-3. Notably, the effects of TCDD in suppressing proliferation and stimulating death of HUVEC were modulated by coculturing with PUFAs. These effects were reversed by treatment with CH223191, an inhibitor of AHR. Treatment with both TCDD and PUFAs collaboratively enhanced the levels of AHR, CYP1A1, p53, p21, Rb and regucalcin. Moreover, TCDD suppressed migration with wound healing of HUVEC. Notably, the combination of TCDD and PUFAs revealed potent suppressive effects on angiogenesis of HUVEC, potentially related to disorders of the stromal microenvironment.
PSCs Reveal PUFA-Provoked Mitochondrial Stress as a Central Node Potentiating RPE Degeneration in Bietti's Crystalline Dystrophy; Bietti's crystalline dystrophy (BCD) is an incurable retinal disorder caused by the polypeptide 2 of cytochrome P450 family 4 subfamily V (CYP4V2) mutations. Patients with BCD present degeneration of retinal pigmented epithelial (RPE) cells and consequent blindness. The lack of appropriate disease models and patients' RPE cells limits our understanding of the pathological mechanism of RPE degeneration. In this study, using CYP4V2 mutant pluripotent stem cells as disease models, we demonstrated that RPE cells with CYP4V2 mutations presented a disrupted fatty acid homeostasis, which were characterized with excessive accumulation of poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), including arachidonic acid (AA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). The PUFA overload increased mitochondrial reactive oxygen species, impaired mitochondrial respiratory functions, and triggered mitochondrial stress-activated p53-independent apoptosis in CYP4V2 mutant RPE cells. Restoration of the mutant CYP4V2 using adeno-associated virus 2 (AAV2) can effectively reduce PUFA deposition, alleviate mitochondria oxidative stresses, and rescue RPE cell death in BCD RPE cells. Taken together, our results highlight a role of PUFA-induced mitochondrial damage as a central node to potentiate RPE degeneration in BCD patients. AAV2-mediated gene therapy may represent a feasible strategy for the treatment of BCD.
A new approach to the synthesis of polyunsaturated deuterated isoprostanes: Total synthesis of d<sub>4</sub>-5-<i>epi</i>-8,12-<i>iso</i>-iPF<sub>3α</sub>-VI and d<sub>4</sub>-8,12-<i>iso</i>-iPF<sub>3α</sub>-VI; The total and stereospecific synthesis of d(4)-5-epi-8,12-iso-iPF(3 alpha)-VI 55 and d(4)-8,12-iso-iPF(3 alpha)-VI 64, EPA-derived all-syn-isoprostanes (iPs), has been accomplished. Because of issues related to volatility and yield with some of the primary deuterated synthons an improved synthesis is presented. These two deuterated analogs were used to discover and quantify the presence of the corresponding endogenous isoprostanes in human urine. These assays may serve as a valuable index of oxidative stress in population with omega-3 fatty acid enriched diets containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and may also be useful as an index of the severity of inflammatory diseases such as atherosclerosis and Alzheimer's disease. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Analysis of Vascular Cell Response to Hypertension Induced by Pressure Loading and Its Application as a Tool for Exploring Pharmacological Modes of Action; Inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression is induced by interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) stimulation in vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs), resulting in the production of nitric oxide and prostaglandins such as PGI(2). The expression of iNOS and COX-2 in cultured VSMCs isolated from 6-7-week-old stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) is significantly lower than in cells of normotensive Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY). These reductions are also found in cells exposed to pulsatile atmospheric pressure between 80-160 mmHg at a rate of 4 cycles/min, which simulates systolic hypertension. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, potentiates IL-1 beta-induced iNOS and COX-2 expression in VSMCs isolated from WKY, but not those from SHRSP. In response to endothelial injury at a local site, iNOS and COX-2 induction in VSMCs may function primarily as a defensive and compensatory mechanism for endothelial dysfunction by preventing the development of pathological conditions. Thus, in certain pathological conditions associated with hypertension, vascular walls with reduced iNOS and COX-2 expression may aggravate or initiate further vascular injury. In this situation, DHA may contribute to maintaining homeostasis in VSMCs by potentiating iNOS and COX-2 expression. Using cells isolated from a genetic pathological animal model alongside cells exposed to experimental pathological conditions can be an effective tool for the analysis of cell response to hypertension and exploring pharmacological modes of action in vitro.
Assessment of polyunsaturated fatty acids: A self-report and biomarker assessment with a racially and ethnically diverse sample of women; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in human health, influencing chronic disease and mortality. Food Frequency Questionnaires (FFQs) are widely used to assess self-reported diet, but they can be subject to a variety of errors. Accordingly, an accurate assessment of diet is crucial in nutrition research. This study examined the association between a widely-used self-report measure of PUFAs (Diet History Questionnaire-II: DHQ-II) with the proportion of PUFA in red blood cell (RBC) membranes, and examined whether this relationship was moderated by race/ethnicity. In a racially and ethnically diverse sample of 132 female participants (M-age = 21.97 +/- 3.98, range 18 to 42 years), bivariate correlations and linear regression analyses demonstrated associations between DHQ-II and proportion of nutrients in RBCs for omega-3 fatty acids EPA (r = 0.39, beta = 0.38, p < .01), DHA (r = 0.48, beta = 0.47, p < .01), and EPA+DHA (r = 0.51, beta = 0.49, p < .01). No associations were found for omega-3 fatty acid ALA or omega-6 fatty acids LA or ARA. DHQ-II and RBC associations for EPA, DHA, and EPA+DHA were moderated by race/ethnicity, controlling for age. Self-report of EPA was most consistent with RBC proportions for Caucasian individuals, and less consistent for Black/African American individuals. Self-reports of DHA and EPA+DHA were most consistent with RBC proportions for Caucasian individuals, and less consistent for Black/African American individuals and Hispanic/Latina individuals, although still statistically significant. No associations were detected for Hispanic/Latina individuals (for EPA only), Asian/Pacific Islanders or individuals of mixed/other descent. The present study found that when compared to PUFA biomarkers, the DHQ-II did not assess PUFAs consistently across all racial/ethnic groups in this sample of women. Further research is needed to determine what factors contribute to weak or lacking correlations between reported fat intake and corresponding values in RBCs, including but not limited to recall errors, underestimations of fatty acids in food composition databases, insufficient DHQ-II assessment of fatty acids in general and from particular cultures, and genetic differences in fat metabolism.
Intake of fish oil, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins B-6 and E for 1 year decreases plasma C-reactive protein and reduces coronary heart disease risk factors in male patients in a cardiac rehabilitation program; Certain nutrients have been shown to be effective in preventing coronary heart disease. We hypothesized that a daily intake of low amounts of a number of these nutrients would exert beneficial effects on risk factors and clinical variables in patients that suffered from myocardial infarction (MI) and were following a cardiac rehabilitation program. Forty male MI patients were randomly allocated into 2 groups. The supplemented group consumed 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, and vitamins A, B-6, D, and E. The control group consumed 500 mL/d of semi-skimmed milk with added vitamins A and D. The patients received supervised exercise training, lifestyle and dietary recommendations, and they were instructed to consume the products in addition to their regular diet. Blood extractions and clinical examinations were performed after 0, 3, 6, 9, and 12 me. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, folic acid, vitamin B-6, and vitamin E increased after supplementation (P < 0.05). Plasma total and LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations decreased in the supplemented group (P < 0.05), and plasma total homocysteine decreased in both groups. There were no changes in heart rate, blood pressure, or cardiac electrocardiographic parameters in either group. Therapeutic lifestyle changes, effected through a CR program comprising regular exercise and the intake of a combination of dietary nutrients, reduced a variety of risk factors in MI patients, which supports the rationale for nutritional programs in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease.
Growth Inhibitory Effect of Low Fat Diet on Prostate Cancer Cells: Results of a Prospective, Randomized Dietary Intervention Trial in Men With Prostate Cancer; Purpose: A high fat Western diet and sedentary lifestyle may predispose men to prostate cancer through changes in serum hormones and growth factors. We evaluated the effect of a low fat diet on serum factors affecting prostate cancer cell growth by performing a prospective, randomized dietary intervention trial in men with prostate cancer.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids exert antiarrhythmic actions as free acids rather than in phospholipids; Previous studies have shown that exogenous free n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) can prevent tachyarrhythmias caused by specific agents in isolated cardiac myocytes. However, the question as to whether incorporation of the n-3 PUFA into membrane phospholipids has the same immediate protective effects remained to be answered. To answer this question, we increased the content of n-3 PUFA in the phospholipids of cultured neonatal rat myocytes by growing them 2-3 d in a culture to which eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in 15 mu M concentration was added. Analysis of the fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids revealed a significantly higher level of EPA and DHA (from 0.2 to 7.6% and from 1.2 to 6.5%) in cells supplemented with EPA or DHA, respectively. The responses of the myocytes grown in normal media or in media enriched with the PUFA to arrhythmogenic agents were examined after free fatty acids were removed from the medium and the cells. The arrhythmogenic agents used were the beta-adrenergic agonist isoproterenol or an elevated extracellular concentration of calcium. The results showed that there was no significant difference in the induction of tachyarrhythmias by isoproterenol or by elevated [Ca2+](o) in cells grown in media enriched with PUFA, as compared with cells grown in normal media in the absence of the free PUFA. Under the conditions of this study, only the unesterified PUFA were able to protect the cardiomyocytes against induced arrhythmias. There was no antiarrhythmic effect due to an increased fraction of EPA or DHA in membrane phospholipids.
OCCURRENCE OF LACTO SERIES GANGLIOSIDES 3'-ISOLM1 AND 3',6'-ISOLD1 IN HUMAN GLIOMAS INVITRO AND INVIVO; Monoclonal antibodies (MAb; DMAb, monoclonal antibodies derived at Duke Medical Center) directed against the oncofetally expressed lactotetraosyl gangliosides 3'-isoLM1 (IV3NeuAc-LcOse4Cer) and 3',6'-isoLD1 (IV3NeuAc,-III6NeuAc-LcOse4Cer) were produced and their reactivity spectra compared to that of the alpha-3'-isoLM1 MAb SL-50. The IgM MAb SL-50 defines the epitope NeuAc (or NeuGc)alpha-2-3Gal-beta-1-3GlcNAc, the terminal sequence of both gangliosides. SL-50 requires an unsubstituted GlcNAc residue; IgM DMAb-14 will accept the alpha-2-6 linked sialic acid to GlcNAc found in 3',6'-isoLD1. Immunohistochemical localization of 3'-isoLM1 was performed on 31 biopsy specimens of human gliomas; 15 (48%) expressed 3'-isoLM1 as defined by binding of MAb SL-50. Staining of small anaplastic cells, giant cells, and the glial component of gliosarcomas was observed. Neoplastic gemistocytes, when present, showed particularly intense staining. The 3'-isoLM1 and 3',6'-isoLD1 distribution in cultured cell lines and derived xenografts of primary tumors of the human central nervous system and of embryonal or neuroectodermal tumor derivation was determined. Six of 29 cell lines expressed 3'-isoLM1: 2/16 gliomas, 3/3 teratomas, 1/1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma. No cell line expressed detectable 3',6'-isoLD1 by immunostain analysis of ganglioside extracts. The 3'-isoLM1-positive cell lines expressed it in xenograft form; in five xenografts, the corresponding cell lines of which were 3'-isoLM1-negative, it was a proportion of the monosialoganglioside fraction. 3',6'-isoLD1 was detected in two xenografts, D-54 MG (glioma) and PA-1 (teratoma). The demonstration of 3'-isoLM1 in gliomas in in vivo forms and the relatively infrequent expression by derived cultured cells suggest that ganglioside expression is modified by environmental forces. Expression of 3'-isoLM1 and 3',6'-isoLD1 in fetal and neonatal brain, in intense reactive astrocytosis such as polyunsaturated fatty acid lipidosis, and in primary neoplasms of the central nervous system suggests their role in cell-cell attachment during development, migration, and neoplastic transformation.
Effects of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on hemodynamics in humans; The hemodynamic effects of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) have not been evaluated in humans. We therefore conducted a randomized, double-blind, parallel-design intervention study to assess possible separate effects of EPA and DHA on blood pressure, heart rate, and cardiac mechanics. Healthy, nonsmoking men aged 36-56 y (n = 224) were randomly assigned to dietary supplementation with 4 g/d of ethyl ester concentrates of DHA or EPA or 4 g corn oil/d (control). Mean blood pressure at baseline was 122/77 mm Hg and was positively associated with concentrations of serum phospholipid saturated fatty acids. Blood pressure did not change during the intervention, Mean heart rate at baseline was 63.4 beats/min; it decreased 2.2 beats/min in the DHA group (P = 0.006 compared with control), increased 1.9 beats/min in the EPA group (P = 0.04 compared with control), and remained practically unchanged in the control group. In a pooled analysis, changes in heart rate were independent of baseline heart rate and were associated with changes in concentrations of serum phospholipid DHA and docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-3). Echocardiography in a subsample of 52 men showed improved left ventricular diastolic filling in the marine oil groups compared with the corn oil group (P = 0.02), In contrast, an increase in plasma concentrations of saturated fatty acids was associated with delayed diastolic filling. We conclude that dietary DHA and EPA influence heart rate and that the fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids may affect cardiac mechanics in humans.
Tissue-specific impact of <i>FADS</i> cluster variants on <i>FADS1</i> and <i>FADS2</i> gene expression; Omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) long (>= 20 carbon) chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) play a critical role in human health and disease. Biosynthesis of LC-PUFAs from dietary 18 carbon PUFAs in tissues such as the liver is highly associated with genetic variation within the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene cluster, containing FADS1 and FADS2 that encode the rate-limiting desaturation enzymes in the LC-PUFA biosynthesis pathway. However, the molecular mechanisms by which FADS genetic variants affect LCPUFA biosynthesis, and in which tissues, are unclear. The current study examined associations between common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within the FADS gene cluster and FADS1 and FADS2 gene expression in 44 different human tissues (sample sizes ranging 70-361) from the Genotype-Tissue Expression (GTEx) Project. FADS1 and FADS2 expression were detected in all 44 tissues. Significant cis-eQTLs (within 1 mega base of each gene, False Discovery Rate, FDR<0.05, as defined by GTEx) were identified in 12 tissues for FADS1 gene expression and 23 tissues for FADS2 gene expression. Six tissues had significant (FDR<0.05) eQTLs associated with both FADS1 and FADS2 (including artery, esophagus, heart, muscle, nerve, and thyroid). Interestingly, the identified eQTLs were consistently found to be associated in opposite directions for FADS1 and FADS2 expression. Taken together, findings from this study suggest common SNPs within the FADS gene cluster impact the transcription of FADS1 and FADS2 in numerous tissues and raise important questions about how the inverse expression of these two genes impact intermediate molecular (such a LC-PUFA and LC-PUFA-containing glycero-lipid levels) and ultimately clinical phenotypes associated with inflammatory diseases and brain health.
FATTY ACIDS AS BIOCOMPOUNDS: THEIR ROLE IN HUMAN METABOLISM, HEALTH AND DISEASE - A REVIEW. PART 2: FATTY ACID PHYSIOLOGICAL ROLES AND APPLICATIONS IN HUMAN HEALTH AND DISEASE; Background. This is the second of two review parts aiming at describing the major physiological roles of fatty acids, as well as their applications in specific conditions related to human health.
Synthesis of observational studies should consider credibility ceilings; Objective: Meta-analyses of observational studies often get spuriously precise results. We aimed to factor this skepticism in meta-analysis calculations.
Effect of eicosapentaenoic acid on the proliferation and incidence of apoptosis in the colorectal cell line HT29; Fish oil has been shown to reduce the induction of colorectal cancer in animal models by a mechanism which may involve suppression of mitosis, increased apoptosis, or both. We used the human colonic adenocarcinoma cell line HT29 to explore the effects of the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (ESA) on cell proliferation and death in vitro. Cells were cultured in media containing EPA at 5, 10, and 15 mu g/mL. Cell number and thymidine incorporation were used to quantify proliferation, and cell cycle effects were studied using flow cytometry. Cel electrophoresis, annexin-V binding, and morphological criteria were used to characterize apoptosis. Adherent cells and freely floating detached cells were treated as two distinct populations. In the presence of EPA at 10 and 15 mu g/mL there was a marked reduction in the growth rate of adherent HT29 colonies, owing to an increased detachment of adherent cells. After treatment with 10 or 15 mu g/mL EPA the proportion of adherent cells in S-phase increased, indicating either a block in late S-phase or early G2. Floating cells showed evidence of extensive DNA cleavage, but the proportion of floating cells with sub CO DNA content declined on treatment with 10 or 15 mu g/mL EPA even though the number of floating cells increased. We conclude that PA does not inhibit mitosis of adherent cells, but increases the rate at which they become detached from the substrate, probably at an early stage in the initiation of apoptosis. This mechanism may be analogous to "anoikis," or induction of apoptosis in response to loss of cell contact, and may contribute to the anticarcinogenic effects of fish oil in vivo.
References values with liability - guideline values of fat intake; The new D-A-CH-Reference Values of the German Nutrition Society and the Nutrition Societies of Austria and Switzerland follow earlier recommendations to decrease the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by reduction of fat intake to a moderate level of 30 % of energy. Saturated fatty acids should be limited to 10 % and polyunsaturated fatty acids should provide 7 % of energy. The ratio of saturated to unsaturated fatty acids should be 1 : 2 at least and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids 5 : 1. Trans unsaturated fatty acids should not exceed I % of energy and dietary cholesterol should be limited to 300 mg per day The wholesome diet recommended is also rich in dietary fiber. In the present article, results of prospective cohort studies and secondary prevention studies with clinical or angiographic endpoints are presented to support the reference values. These studies have provided strong evidence that an increasing intake of polyunsaturated, especially n-3 unsaturated fatty acids from fish or plants at an optimal ratio to n-6 fatty acids, substantially lowers the risk of CHD. A decrease of total fat intake by reduction of saturated fat - and a hight fiber content - are also important for the prevention of overweight.
Juvenile Dungeness crabs (<i>Metacarcinus magister</i>) selectively integrate and modify the fatty acids of their experimental diets; Dungeness crabs (Metacarcinus magister) are ecologically and economically important in the coastal Northeast Pacific, yet relatively little is currently known about their feeding behaviour in the wild or their natural diet. Trophic biomarkers, such as fatty acids (FA), can be used to reveal trophic interactions. We used two feeding experiments to assess differences in FA composition of juvenile crabs fed different known foods to evaluate how they modify and integrate dietary FA into their own tissues and determine whether crab FA reflect diet changes over a six-week period. These experimental results were then compared with the FA signatures of wild caught juvenile crab with undetermined diets. We found that juvenile Dungeness crabs fed different foods assimilated dietary FA into their tissues and were distinct in their FA signatures when analysed with multivariate statistics. Experimentally fed juvenile crabs contained greater proportions of the most abundant long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA, >C20) than their foods. Crabs fed foods lacking in LCPUFA, particularly DHA (22:6 omega 3, docosahexaenoic acid), did not survive or grew slower than crabs fed other foods. This suggests that LCPUFA are physiologically important for this species and indicates biosynthesis of these FA does not occur or is not sufficient to meet their needs. This article is part of the theme issue 'The next horizons for lipids as 'trophic biomarkers': evidence and significance of consumer modification of dietary fatty acids'.
INTRACELLULAR AND EXTRACELLULAR LIPIDS IN CULTURES OF THE TOXIC DINOFLAGELLATE, GYRODINIUM-AUREOLUM; Gyrodinium aureolum is a North Atlantic red tide species of dinoflagellate which has frequently caused mortality of marine organisms in coastal waters and is a serious problem for the European fish farming industry. We describe here, for the first time, the lipid composition of extracts of cultures of an isolate of G. aureolum which is known to be toxic. Large volume samples were taken in the stationary phase of cultures grown at 13-degrees and 18-degrees. The lipids in extracts of G. aureolum cells and their exudates were analysed using TLC-FID, GC-FID and MS-MS. Polar lipids, including glycolipids and phospholipids, were the major type of lipids within the cells and in the exudates. Triacylglycerols were also prominent within the cells, while free fatty acids were prominent in the exudates. All-cis-3,6,9,12,15-octadecapentaenoic acid (18:5n3) comprised 12-18% of the fatty acids in cell extracts and was the major unsaturated fatty acid present in cells from the warmer culture. The extracellular lipids contained considerably more monoeneoic, dieneoic and trieneoic fatty acids than did the intracellular lipids, but had lower amounts of other unsaturated fatty acids.
Demystifying the management of hypertriglyceridaemia; Hypertriglyceridaemia (typical triglyceride level 1.7-5.0 mmol/l) is caused by interactions between many genetic and nongenetic factors, and is a common risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). Patients with hypertriglyceridaemia usually present with obesity, insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, ectopic fat deposition, and diabetes mellitus. Hypertriglyceridaemia reflects the accumulation in plasma of proatherogenic lipoproteins, triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) remnants, and small, dense LDL particles. Mendelian randomization studies and research on inherited dyslipidaemias, such as type III dysbetalipoproteinaemia, testify that TRLs are causally related to atherosclerotic CVD. Extreme hypertriglyceridaemia (a triglyceride level >20 mmol/l) is rare, often monogenic in aetiology, and frequently causes pancreatitis. Treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia relies on correcting secondary factors and unhealthy lifestyle habits, particularly poor diet and lack of exercise. Pharmacotherapy is indicated for patients with established CVD or individuals at moderate-to-high risk of CVD, primarily those with metabolic syndrome or diabetes. Statins are the cornerstone of treatment, followed by fibrates and n-3 fatty acids, to achieve recommended therapeutic levels of plasma LDL cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein (apo) B-100. The case for using niacin has been weakened by the results of clinical trials, but needs further investigation. Extreme hypertriglyceridaemia requires strict dietary measures, and patients with a diagnosis of genetic lipoprotein lipase deficiency might benefit from LPL gene replacement therapy. Several therapies for regulating TRL metabolism, including inhibitors of diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, and apoC-III antisense oligonucleotides, merit further investigation in patients with hypertriglyceridaemia.
Docosahexaenoic acid prevents dendritic cell maturation and in vitro and in vivo expression of the IL-12 cytokine family; Background: Acute and chronic inflammation play essential roles in inflammatory/autoimmune conditions. Protective anti-inflammatory effects of the n-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were reported in animal models of colitis, sepsis, and stroke. Since dendritic cells (DC) represent the essential cellular link between innate and adaptive immunity and have a prominent role in tolerance for self-antigens, we sought to investigate the impact of DHA on DC maturation and proinflammatory cytokine production.
COMPARATIVE EFFECTS OF FEEDING DIFFERENT FATS ON FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF MAJOR INDIVIDUAL PHOSPHOLIPIDS OF RAT HEARTS; Comparative effects of feeding dietary linoleic (corn oil), oleic (olive oil), .alpha.-linolenic (soybean oil) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (fish oil) on lipid content and fatty acid composition of major individual phospholipids of rat hearts were examined. Feeding different diets did not result in lipid accumulation in the heart. Total triglyceride, nonesterified fatty acid, cholesteryl ester and phospholipid levels of heart tissue were not affected by the type of dietary fatty acid. However, heart free cholesterol levels decreased in both animals fed the olive and the fish oil diets. The percentage of individual phospholipids, phosphatidylcholine (PC), phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and cardiolipin (CL) did not modify by changes in the dietary fat composition. Heart tissue from animals fed on olive oil were enriched with 18:1 (n-9 + n-7) fatty acid in all phospholipid fractions. Animals fed corn oil contained higher proportions of 18:2 (n-6) for PC, PE and CL, and the ingestion of  the soybean oil diet increased 18:2 (n-6) for PC and CL in the same proportion as the ingestion of the corn oil diet. The levels of 22:6 (n-3) were increased in the fish oil-fed group, accompanied by both a decrease in total (n-6) fatty acids and an increase in total (n-3) fatty acids in the three phospholipid fractions. The 20:5 (n-3) was only detected in these animals. These results show that olive oil is as effective as fish oil in reducing heart cholesterol content and support earlier works  suggesting the role of fish oil in preventing cardiovascular disease.
European sea bass (<i>Dicentrarchus labrax</i>) and meagre (<i>Argyrosomus regius</i>) fertilized egg resistance to a spacecraft launcher vibration qualifying test; Food autonomy represents an essential challenge for the future Moon Village planned by the European Space Agency. Rearing fish on the moon to provide essential amino acids, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vitamin B(12)could become a reality using integrated multi-trophic aquaculture (IMTA). The Lunar Hatch programme's goal is to fertilize farmed fish eggs on Earth that would hatch upon arrival at the lunar base. However, the vibrations from a spacecraft's launch are an unusual situation for fish eggs and may have a negative impact on them. European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) and meagre (Argyrosomus regius) eggs were exposed to mechanical stresses using standard protocol performed to approve a satellite for space launch. The hatching rate was evaluated after vibration expositions at different hours post fertilization (hpf). An initial series of tests subjecting the eggs to orbital rotation demonstrated their integrity. In subsequent tests, mechanical stressors acting on the Soyuz spacecraft was simulated to test impact on fish eggs. The results showed egg robustness for European sea bass at 35 hpf (one-third of the embryo development) and 83 hpf (two thirds) and of meagre at 14 hpf (one third), with no significant difference in hatching rate compared with an unshaken control batch. European sea bass embryos and potentially other fish species with similar incubation periods (4-6 days) seem to be good candidates to surviving a spacecraft launch. This paper discusses the findings and suggests possible future research avenues.
EFFECT OF OXIDIZED FISH OIL, DL-ALPHA-TOCOPHERYL ACETATE AND ETHOXYQUIN SUPPLEMENTATION ON THE VITAMIN-E NUTRITION OF RAINBOW-TROUT (SALMO-GAIRDNERI) FED PRACTICAL DIETS; A factorial experiment was conducted using 2 degrees of oxidation of the 7.5% supplemental fish oil (peroxide values of 5 and 120 meq/kg oil), 2 levels of supplemental DL-.alpha.-tocopheryl acetate (0 and 33 mg/kg diet) and 2 levels of ethoxyquin (0 and 125 mg/kg diet) supplementation. Dietary thiobarbituric acid number, weight percentage of polyunsaturated fatty acids and omega-3 fatty acids in the total fatty acids were significantly (P < 0.05) different between diets with fresh and highly oxidized oil. Dietary RRR-.alpha.-tocopherol was significantly (P < 0.05) reduced by the addition of highly oxidized oil after 24 wk storage of the feed, while supplemental DL-.alpha.-tocopheryl acetate level was not changed. Fish fed the various diets showed no differences in growth, feed:gain ratio, carcass composition or plasma glutathione peroxidase activity. The mortality, percent red cells hemolyzed by hydrogen peroxide, plasma and liver RRR-.alpha.-tocopherol concentrations were significantly (P < 0.05) affected by the addition of highly oxidized oil or DL-.alpha.-tocopheryl acetate, but not by ethoxyquin; mortality, however, was reduced by supplementary ethoxyquin. The results of this study suggested that no vitamin E or ethoxyquin supplementation was needed to prevent a deficiency of vitamin E in rainbow trout fed a practical diet containing 7.5% of a good quality herring oil for 24 wk.
Relationships among the serum omega fatty acid levels, serum C-reactive protein levels and arterial stiffness/wave reflection in Japanese men; Objective: We examined the relationship among the serum omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid (O3FA and O6FA) levels, serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels, and arterial stiffness/wave reflection (AS/WR) in healthy Japanese men.
Maternally derived nutrients influence fatty acid composition and predator evasion behavior of larval southern flounder, <i>Paralichthys lethostigma</i>; Predation is the main source of mortality during the larval stage of marine fishes. Previous work has shown a correlation between measures of performance related to predator evasion and fatty acid (FA) composition of marine fish larvae, and that the latter can be influenced by both larval diet and maternally-derived nutrition (yolk). This study aimed to determine the relationships between FA composition of eggs, FA composition of the larval body, and predator evasion performance of southern flounder, Paralichthys lethostigma. Larvae hatched from eggs differing in FA composition were reared under common garden conditions to 15 and 35 days post-hatching (dph) when measurements of routine swimming and responsiveness to a simulated looming predator were made. Larval responsiveness to the predatory stimulus was positively correlated with the FA ratios DHA: ARA and DHA: EPA in whole larvae at 15 and 35 dph, respectively. The amount of omega-3 docosapentaenoic acid (22:5(n-3)) in the egg was correlated, though not significantly, with the amount of DHA in the larval body at 15 dph (r = -0.51, P = 0.052), and was significantly correlated with the amount of DHA in the larval body at 35 dph (r = -0.62, P = 0.031). These results provide evidence of metabolic programming in southern flounder, and suggest that maternally derived nutrients indirectly influence larval mortality in the wild.
Vegetarian diets: What are the advantages?; A growing body of scientific evidence indicates that wholesome vegetarian diets offer distinct advantages compared to diets containing meat and other foods of animal origin. The benefits arise from lower intakes of saturated fat, cholesterol and animal protein as well as higher intakes of complex carbohydrates, dietary fiber, magnesium, folic acid, vitamin C and E, carotenoids and other phytochemicals.
Metabolic syndrome and serum fatty acid patterns in serum phospholipids in hypertriglyceridemic persons with human immunodeficiency virus; Background: HIV infection and its treatment are associated with abnormal lipid profiles. High triglyceride concentrations and low HDL-cholesterol concentrations are the most common health abnormalities and raise concerns about an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Antioxidant Activity of Hemp (<i>Cannabis sativa</i> L.) Seed Oil in <i>Drosophila melanogaster</i> Larvae under Non-Stress and H<sub>2</sub>O<sub>2</sub>-Induced Oxidative Stress Conditions; The oil extracted from hemp seeds has significant nutritional and biological properties due to the unique composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids and various antioxidant compounds. The potential of this oil for the prevention of oxidative stress and for the treatment of oxidative-stress-induced ailments is of increasing interest. Most studies of hemp seed oil were conducted in-vitro, meaning we lack information about effects and activity in vivo. In the present study, we evaluated the hypothesis that hemp seed oil at different concentrations improves the oxidative state of D. melanogaster, under non-stress as well as hydrogen-peroxide-induced stress. We analyzed the effects of hemp seed oil on oxidative stress markers and on the life cycle of D. melanogaster under non-stress and hydrogen-peroxide-induced stress conditions. D. melanogaster larvae were exposed to hemp seed oil concentrations ranging from 12.5 to 125 mu L/mL. The results revealed that under non-stress conditions, oil concentrations up to 62.5 mu L/mL did not induce negative effects on the life cycle of D. melanogaster and maintained the redox status of the larval cells at similar levels to the control level. Under oxidative stress conditions, biochemical parameters were significantly affected and only two oil concentrations, 18.7 and 31.2 mu L/mL, provided protection against hydrogen peroxide stress effects. A higher oil concentration (125 mu L/mL) exerted negative effects on the oxidative status and increased larval mortality. The tested oil was characterized chemically by NMR, transesterification, and silylation, followed by GC-MS analyses, and was shown to contain polyunsaturated fatty acid triglycerides and low levels of tocopherols. The high levels of linoleic and linolenic acids in the oil are suggested to be responsible for the observed in vivo antioxidant effects. Taken together, the results show that hemp seed oil is effective for reducing oxidative stress at the cellular level, thus supporting the hypothesis. The obtained results point to the potential of hemp seed oil for the prevention and treatment of conditions caused by the action of reactive oxygen species.
Maternal Fish Consumption and Prevention of Low Birth Weight in the Developing World; Low birth weight (LBW) is characterized by less than 2,500 g of body weight at birth. It represents about 15.5 % of total births worldwide and is a major cause of neonatal death. Most notably, 95.6 % of all LBW infants are born in the developing countries. It is primarily resulted from either preterm birth (before 37 weeks of gestation) or intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Infants with LBW are about 20 times at higher risk of neonatal mortality and are believed to be more susceptible to cardiovascular complications, inhibition of growth and cognitive development and chronic diseases later in life. Despite its high incidence worldwide and clinical implications, there is still no clear understanding of its causes and consequently, no specific treatments exist. Maternal nutrition before and during pregnancy plays a major role in determining the pregnancy outcome and health of the new born. Fish is a cheap source of quality animal proteins and micronutrients, and fish oil is rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), EPA and DHA. Although the beneficial effects of fish oil on human health is known since 1930s, its protective effects against various pregnancy complications, including IUGR and LBW, have been increasingly recognized during the last two decades. Despite the poor outcome of clinical trials on therapeutic use of fish oil for various pregnancy complications in Western countries, our preliminary epidemiological findings, and numerous observational and experimental studies in developing countries highlight the beneficial effects of fish consumption on pregnancy outcome, particularly in reducing the incidence of LBW. The present paper summarizes various evidences on effects of maternal fish consumption on birth weight, growth and development of infants and young children in the developing world, and emphasizes future research for better understanding of the effects of maternal fish consumption on pregnancy outcome in low socioeconomic settings.
Insecticidal Activity of Fatty Acid-Rich Turkish Bryophyte Extracts Against <i>Sitophilus</i> <i>granarius</i> (Coleoptera: Curculionidae); The composition of fatty acids and insecticidal effects was performed for the Turkish mosses Dicranum scoparium, Hypnum cupressiforme, Polytrichastrum formosum, Homalothecium lutescens and the Turkish liverwort Conocephalum conicum. All structures were determined by means of gas chromatography and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry techniques. The determination of fatty acids was done using a simple and mild method that utilized different solvent extractions ranging from nonpolar to polar solvents (hexane, dichloromethane, chloroform, ethyl acetate and methanol, respectively), and the samples were powdered with and without liquid nitrogen. The correlations between the saturated and unsaturated fatty acid contents depending on the solvent polarity and their crushing process by liquid nitrogen were observed. The insecticidal activity of the bryophytes was analyzed by using the methanol, hexane and esterified methanol extracts. The hexane extracts of Polytrichastrum formosum showed the highest insecticidal activity (70.33%) against Sitophilus granarius. Contact toxicity activities of lauric, myristic and palmitic acids besides single dose studies of the solvent extracts were carried out. The highest mortality rate (53.34%) was obtained from the myristic acid among the tested pure fatty acids. The activities of palmitic and lauric acids were 17.75% and 4.32%, respectively.
Does adherence to the Mediterranean diet have a protective effect against active and passive smoking?; Objective: To investigate the existing evidence about whether adherence to the Mediterranean diet may have a role as an effect modifier of active and passive smoking on human health.
Enriched enteral nutrition may improve short-term survival in stage IV gastric cancer patients: A randomized, controlled trial; Objective: The aim of the study was to determine whether the postoperative use of enteral nutrition enriched with arginine, glutamine, and omega-3 fatty acids influences survival in patients diagnosed with stomach cancer. For the purpose of the study, the second wave of the trial performed in 2003 to 2009 was done.
Inertial modes of slowly rotating isentropic stars; We investigate inertial mode oscillations of slowly and uniformly rotating, isentropic, Newtonian stars. Inertial mode oscillations are induced by the Coriolis force due to the star's rotation, and their characteristic frequencies are comparable with the rotation frequency Omega of the star. So-called r-mode oscillations form a subclass of the inertial modes. In this paper, we use the term "r-modes" to denote the inertial modes for which the toroidal motion dominates the spheroidal motion, and the term "inertial modes" to denote the inertial modes for which the toroidal and spheroidal motions have comparable amplitudes. Using the slow rotation approximation consistent up to the order of Omega(3), we study the properties of the inertial modes and r-modes by taking account of the effect of the rotational deformation of the equilibrium on the eigenfrequencies and eigenfunctions. The eigenfrequencies of the r-modes and inertial modes calculated in this paper are in excellent agreement with those obtained by Lindblom et al. and Lockitch & Friedman. We also estimate the dissipation timescales due to the gravitational radiation and several viscous processes for polytropic neutron star models. We find that for the inertial modes the mass multipole gravitational radiation dominates the current multipole radiation, which dominates in the case of the r-modes. It is also found that the inertial mode instability is more unstable than previously reported by Lockitch & Friedman and survives the viscous damping processes relevant in neutron stars.
ROLE OF ANGIOTENSIN-II IN CEREBROVASCULAR AND RENAL DAMAGE IN DEOXYCORTICOSTERONE ACETATE SALT HYPERTENSIVE RATS; Objective and design: To study the effects of blockade of the renin-angiotensin system on the development of hypertension and end-organ damage in hyporeninaemic deoxycorticosterone acetate (DOCA)-salt hypertensive rats, using an angiotensin II (Ang II) receptor antagonist (TCV-116) or an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor (enalapril).
Lipotoxicity Causes Multisystem Organ Failure and Exacerbates Acute Pancreatitis in Obesity; Obesity increases the risk of adverse outcomes during acute critical illnesses such as burns, severe trauma, and acute pancreatitis. Although individuals with more body fat and higher serum cytokines and lipase are more likely to experience problems, the roles that these characteristics play are not clear. We used severe acute pancreatitis as a representative disease to investigate the effects of obesity on local organ function and systemic processes. In obese humans, we found that an increase in the volume of intrapancreatic adipocytes was associated with more extensive pancreatic necrosis during acute pancreatitis and that acute pancreatitis was associated with multisystem organ failure in obese individuals. In vitro studies of pancreatic acinar cells showed that unsaturated fatty acids were proinflammatory, releasing intracellular calcium, inhibiting mitochondrial complexes I and V, and causing necrosis. Saturated fatty acids had no such effects. Inhibition of lipolysis in obese (ob/ob) mice with induced pancreatitis prevented a rise in serum unsaturated fatty acids and prevented renal injury, lung injury, systemic inflammation, hypocalcemia, reduced pancreatic necrosis, and mortality. Thus, therapeutic approaches that target unsaturated fatty acid-mediated lipotoxicity may reduce adverse outcomes in obese patients with critical illnesses such as severe acute pancreatitis.
The Latest Edition of the JAS Guidelines (2012) Part III: Cholesterol-lowering Drugs and Diets; The most influential statin trial in Japan, the Management of Elevated Cholesterol in the Primary Prevention Group of Adult Japanese (MEGA) Study, unfortunately had some serious flaws. For example, the diet recommended to both the statin plus diet group and the diet alone group is now known to be harmful, having more trans fatty acids and less n-3 fatty acids, and was, in fact, coronary heart disease (CHD) inducing. Also, the statin plus diet group did not likely stick to the diet because they and their doctors knew that their cholesterol levels were decreasing and probably attributed this to the statins. However, the control participants did stick to the actually harmful diet (as this was the only major intervention recommended to them to reduce their risk for CHD) and had a higher occurrence of CHD than the statin plus diet group. Other intervention studies with statins were also flawed. Among them, the Japan Lipid Intervention Trial (J-LIT), the most cited study in the 2012 JAS Guidelines (JASG2012), did not have its own control group. JASG2012 cited it as a cohort study and made no mention of the increased all-cause mortality that J-LIT found in participants whose cholesterol levels decreased markedly. Ingesting a diet rich in saturated fatty acids has not been shown to be harmful in Japan-actually the reverse is the case-but JASG2012 recommend a diet lower in saturated fatty acids. We close the chapter by discussing whether the evidence currently available supports this recommendation.
Effect of camelina oil on the structure of aortas in rats; The aim of the present study was to determine whether a disturbance of hormonal homeostasis caused by ovariectomy influences the elasticity and wall structure of the abdominal aorta and whether camelina oil administration has an effect on the properties of the abdominal aorta in rats after ovariectomy. Forty Wistar female rats (220-240 g) were used in the experiment: 10 animals underwent a sham ovary repositioning operation (SHO), and 30 were ovariectomized (OVX). After 7 days of convalescence, the SHO rats and OVX1 rats were given physiological saline intragastrically for 6 weeks, while the treated rats received camelina oil at doses of 5 g/kg/b.w. (OVX2) or 9 g/kg/b.w. (OVX3) once a day. The rats were euthanized 7 weeks after the surgery, and the aorta, before the right and left common iliac arteries, was removed, cut into 5 mm pieces and exposed to a series of step-wise increases in tension. Aortic wall elasticity was measured in duplicate. Samples of the aorta were also prepared for histology (total aortic wall thickness; thickness of tunica intima and media, thickness of adventitia) and immunohistochemistry (volume and mean fluorescence intensity of collagens I and III and elastin), and images were obtained by light and confocal microscopy. Ovariectomy caused a significant decrease in the elasticity of the aorta, as well as in the volume of collagen III and elastin in the tunica intima and media, but no changes in the volume of collagen I, the total wall thickness or the thickness of the tunica intima and media. The elasticity of the aorta, the volume of elastin, and the mean fluorescence intensity of collagens I and III in rats receiving camelina oil at a dose of 9 g/kg/b.w. were similar to or higher than those observed in control animals. In conclusion, our data indicate that ovariectomy induced changes in the aortic wall associated with reduced vessel elasticity. The administration of camelina oil positively influenced the elasticity of the aorta in rats, probably by increasing the elastin content. However, further research is required to verify whether supplementation of diet with oils rich in omega-3 PUFA may prevent negative changes in the structure and function of vessels.
Oilseeds native to the <i>Cerrado</i> have fatty acid profile beneficial for cardiovascular health; Objective
Impact of Diet on Plasma Lipids in Individuals with Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Nutritional Studies; Background: Conclusive data on the effectiveness of dietary interventions in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH) management are unavailable. Whether this is due to a true lack of effects or biases in intervention designs remains unsettled. We systematically assessed the impact on LDL-C of published dietary randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted among individuals with HeFH in relation to their design and risk of bias. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase in November 2020 to identify RCTs that assessed the impact of: (1) food-based interventions; (2) dietary counseling interventions; or (3) dietary supplements on LDL-C in individuals with HeFH. We evaluated the risk of bias of each study using the Cochrane Risk of Bias 2 method. Results: A total of 19 RCTs comprising 837 individuals with HeFH were included. Of those, five were food-based interventions, three were dietary counseling interventions and 12 were dietary supplement-based interventions (omega-3, n = 3; phytosterols, n = 7; guar gum, n = 1; policosanol, n = 1). One study qualified both as a food-based intervention and as a dietary supplement intervention due to its factorial design. A significant reduction in LDL-C levels was reported in 10 RCTs, including eight dietary supplement interventions (phytosterols, n = 6, omega-3, n = 1; guar gum, n = 1), one food-based intervention and one dietary counseling intervention. A total of 13 studies were judged to have some methodological biases in a way that substantially lowers confidence in the results. Studies at low risk of biases were more likely to report significant reductions in LDL-C concentrations, compared with studies at risk of bias (chi-square statistic: 5.49; p = 0.02). Conclusion: This systemic review shows that the apparent lack of effectiveness of diet manipulation in modulating plasma levels of LDL-C among individuals with HeFH is likely due to biases in study designs, rather than a true lack of effects. The likelihood of reporting significant reductions in LDL-C was associated with the concurrent risk of bias.
The critical period for grain yield in chia (<i>Salvia hispanica</i>); Chia (Salvia hispanica L.) grain is rich in omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, which are important for human nutrition and prevention of cardiovascular disease, as well as dietary fibre and quality protein. Demand for chia grain is increasing worldwide driven by the interest in functional food; however, large gaps exist in our understanding of chia physiology. The objective of this study was to determine the critical period for grain yield in chia. A field experiment was conducted under well-watered conditions during four growing seasons, using sequential shading periods of 7-10 days during the season. Yield of unshaded controls varied from 1418 to 2148 kg ha(-1) among seasons. Chia's critical period for grain yield spanned from 550 degree-days before flowering to 250 degree-days after flowering. Seed number fully accounted for reductions in grain yield, with no responses in grain weight to shading. Shading from 550 to 250 degree-days before flowering reduced yield by as much as 40% and this reduction was associated with reductions in the number of verticillasters on second and third order branches. Shading from 50 degree-days before flowering to 250 degree-days after flowering reduced yield by at least 20% and this reduction was associated with reductions in both the number of verticillasters on second and third order branches and the number of grains per verticillaster on branches of all orders. The findings from this study will aid development of management practices to avoid stresses during periods when grain yield would be penalised, and will contribute to breeding for yield potential and stress adaptation by targeting the critical physiological stages.
Study of the effects of a diet supplemented with active components on lipid and glycemic profiles; Objectives: Currently, there are numerous studies on risk factors for cardiovascular disease and the potential for functional foods to bring benefits or improve people's health. However, most of these studies are conducted with middle-aged individuals. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementing a typical diet with some functional components, which are substances that when consumed in small quantities can improve people's welfare.
Remnant cholesterol and ischemic heart disease; Purpose of review To review recent advances in the field of remnant cholesterol as a contributor to the development of ischemic heart disease (IHD).
Habitual use of fish oil supplements, genetic predisposition, and risk of fractures: a large population-based study; Background: Epidemiologic studies have suggested an inverse association between circulating concentrations of long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and fracture risk. However, whether supplementation of long-chain to-omega PUFA (i.e. fish oil) is associated with fracture risk, and whether the association is modified by genetic predisposition to fracture risk remain unclear.
Personalized nutrigenomics: tailoring the diet to the aging diabesity population; According to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), 190 million people worldwide suffer from diabetes, and this number is estimated to double by the year 2025. Diabetes is especially prominent in the elderly population because the IDF indicates age above 45 years as a major risk factor for diabetes. The most common trials for controlling diabetes focus on tighter glucose control as a means to reduce the long-term complications. However, whether tight blood sugar control or other dietary or pharmaceutical interventions in the elderly are more appropriate is not known. Major changes have taken place in our diet over the past 10,000 years since the beginning of the Agricultural Revolution, but our genes have not changed. Furthermore, the large numbers of diabetic elderly in the population are a recent phenomenon, because those with diabetes have historically died young. Genetically speaking, humans today live in a nutritional environment that differs from that for which our genetic constitution was selected. For example a high omega-6/omega-3 ratio, found in today's Western diets, promotes the pathogenesis of many chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Knowing who is at risk would be useful if it meant that one could avoid the environmental triggers that convert susceptibility to disease. The prospect of targeting specific dietary treatments at the elderly, who are predicted to gain the most therapeutic benefits, clearly has important clinical and economic consequences. In this review, we will discuss modern molecular genetic and epidemiological techniques which are now, or soon will be, made available by inexpensive whole-genome sequencing and other whole genome approaches to treat the elderly diabetic population.
Fatty Acid Composition of 12 Fish Species from the Black Sea; The long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are healthful to humans, particularly in promoting growth and cognitive development in infants and young children, and in reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease. Though the populations who inhabit the Trabzon province of Turkey include seafood from the Black Sea in their diet, knowledge of the fatty acid composition and content of these fish is scant. Fatty acid analysis was performed on freeze-dried muscle tissue of 12 species of fish purchased in markets in Trabzon. The fat content varied from 0.2% (garfish) to 12% (shad) of dry weight. The highest DHA and DHA plus EPA contents were found in horse mackerel 16.1 and 20.6 mg/g dry weight, respectively. Only in sea bass and sea bream did the essential fatty acid linoleic acid account for more than 10% of the fatty acid total. For all 12 species, arachidonic acid accounted for 0.09% to 7.64% of the fatty acid total. Oleic acid varied greatly from 0.14% (garfish) to 32.7% (shad). The omega-3/omega-6 fatty acid ratio ranged from 0.8 to 25. A 100 g serving of fresh horse mackerel would contribute 586 mg of DHA to the diet, which exceeds the recommended daily intake of 200 to 300 mg of DHA for pregnant and lactating women. These data indicate that some, but not all, of the 12 fish species from the Black Sea fish we studied could contribute significantly to satisfy the DHA and EPA needs of the inhabitants of the eastern Black Sea region of Turkey.
Profiles of a healthful diet and its relationship to biomarkers in a population sample from Mediterranean southern France; Objectives The failure of single-nutrient supplementation to prevent disease in intervention studies underlines the necessity to develop a holistic view of food intake. The objectives of this study were to devise a diet quality index (DQI) and identify biomarkers of multidimensional dietary behavior.
Nature and nurture in atherosclerosis: The roles of acylcarnitine and cell membrane-fatty acid intermediates; Macrophages recycle components of dead cells, including cell membranes. When quantities of lipids from cell membranes of dead cells exceed processing capacity, phospholipid and cholesterol debris accumulate as atheromas. Plasma lipid profiles, particularly HDL and LDL cholesterol, are important tools to monitor atherosclerosis risk. Membrane lipids are exported, as triglycerides or phospholipids, or as cholesterol or cholesterol esters, via lipoproteins for disposal, for re-use in cell membranes, or for fat storage. Alternative assays evaluate other aspects of lipid pathology. A key process underlying atherosclerosis is backup of macrophage fatty acid catabolism. This can be quantified by accumulation of acylcamitine intermediates in extracellular fluid, a direct assay of adequacy of beta-oxidation to deal with membrane fatty acid recycling. Further, membranes of somatic cells, such as red blood cells (RBC), incorporate fatty acids that reflect dietary intake. Changes in RBC lipid composition occur within days of ingesting modified fats. Since diets with high saturated fat content or artificial trans-fatty acids promote atherosclerosis, RBC lipid content shifts occur with atherosclerosis, and can show cellular adaptation to pathologically stiff membranes by increased long-chain doubly unsaturated fatty acid production. Additional metabolic changes with atherosclerosis of potential utility include inflammatory cytokine production, modified macrophage signaling pathways, and altered lipid-handling enzymes. Even after atherosclerotic lesions appear, approaches to minimize macrophage overload by reducing rate of fat metabolism are promising. These include preventive measures, and drugs including statins and the newer PCSK9 inhibitors. New cell-based biochemical and cytokine assays provide data to prevent or monitor atherosclerosis progression. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Recommendations for nutritional supplements for dry eye disease: current advances; Dry eye disease (DED) represents a prevalent ocular surface disease. The development of effective nutritional management strategies for DED is crucial due to its association with various factors such as inflammation, oxidative stress, deficiencies in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), imbalanced PUFA ratios, and vitamin insufficiencies. Extensive research has explored the impact of oral nutritional supplements, varying in composition and dosage, on the symptoms of DED. The main components of these supplements include fish oils (Omega-3 fatty acids), vitamins, trace elements, and phytochemical extracts. Beyond these well-known nutrients, it is necessary to explore whether novel nutrients might contribute to more effective DED management. This review provides a comprehensive update on the therapeutic potential of nutrients and presents new perspectives for combination supplements in DED treatment.
Immune enhancing nutrition in traumatic brain injury - A preliminary study; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major cause of death and disability worldwide. Certain patients appear to benefit when they receive immune enhancing additives, such as glutamine, arginine, and omega-3 fatty acids. We hypothesized that TBI patients given enteral feedings containing these supplements may have improved nutrition measures and infection rates when compared to standard tube feedings.
Bioactive molecules from terrestrial and seafood resources in hypertension treatment: focus on molecular mechanisms and targeted therapies; Hypertension (HTN), a complex cardiovascular disease (CVD), significantly impacts global health, prompting a growing interest in complementary and alternative therapeutic approaches. This review article seeks to provide an up-to-date and thorough summary of modern therapeutic techniques for treating HTN, with an emphasis on the molecular mechanisms of action found in substances found in plants, herbs, and seafood. Bioactive molecules have been a significant source of novel therapeutics and are crucial in developing and testing new HTN remedies. Recent advances in science have made it possible to understand the complex molecular mechanisms underlying blood pressure (BP)-regulating effects of these natural substances better. Polyphenols, flavonoids, alkaloids, and peptides are examples of bioactive compounds that have demonstrated promise in influencing several pathways involved in regulating vascular tone, reducing oxidative stress (OS), reducing inflammation, and improving endothelial function. The article explains the vasodilatory, diuretic, and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) modifying properties of vital plants such as garlic and olive leaf. Phytochemicals from plants are the primary in traditional drug development as models for novel antihypertensive drugs, providing diverse strategies to combat HTN due to their biological actions. The review also discusses the functions of calcium channel blockers originating from natural sources, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, and nitric oxide (NO) donors. Including seafood components in this study demonstrates the increased interest in using bioactive chemicals originating from marine sources to treat HTN. Omega-3 fatty acids, peptides, and minerals obtained from seafood sources have anti-inflammatory, vasodilatory, and antioxidant properties that improve vascular health and control BP. Overall, we discussed the multiple functions of bioactive molecules and seafood components in the treatment of HTN.
*LES VITAMINE-E ET VITAMINE-F ET LEUR ACTION SUR LEQUILIBRE ACIDOBASIQUE SANGUIN QUAND ELLES SONT INTRODUITES PAR LA VOIE INTRAVEINEUSE; Vits. E and F by reason of the lipid solvent which serves as their support, or of their own lipid nature, cannot be injected in considerable quantities intraven. without risk of shock, often fatal. In doses which the rabbit can tolerate, vit. E results in a detectable increase of the alkaline reserve of blood plasma in 6-8 hrs., which returns to normal after 24 hrs. Vit. F has no appreciable effect. Na salts of the fatty acids of linseed oil (linoleate and linolenate) in aqueous soln. do not have the effect of corresponding glycerides. Vit. E Was used as an oil soln. of 5 mg. of alpha-tocopherol/ml. and vit. F in form of pure linseed oil containing 80% nonsaturated glycerides and 1% of aqueous soln. of the Na soap of extracts of fatty acids of this oil, mostly linoleic and linolenic acids.
Pattern Recognition for Discrimination of Dyslipidemic States; The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that the diseases of the heart, cancer, stroke, Alzheimer's disease, and diabetes are among the top leading causes of deaths in the US for 2007. These diseases are known to be caused by a variety of factors including cholesterol and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). This paper shows how pattern recognition using an unsupervised clustering algorithm (principal component analysis (PCA)) can provide a direct method of discriminating dyslipidemic patients according to Fredrickson's Classification of Dyslipidemias obtained from the spectral data. The spectral data were obtained by utilizing a mature, patented reagent system based on its selectivity to the -CH=CH-CH2- group in a wide variety of lipids in human serum samples. The simple colorimetric assay used is rapid, rugged, and inexpensive that produces a characteristic molar absorbance spectra for cholesterol, omega-3 (methyl esters of linolenic, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) fatty acids), and omega-6 (methyl esters of linoleic, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), and arachidonic fatty acids). The assay is reacted with serum samples of known dyslipidemias. An independent full factorial design simulation of synthetic serum mixtures containing different levels of the lipids in chloroform solutions was also done. Pattern recognition using an unsupervised clustering algorithm (PCA) was applied to both the spectral data of synthetic and actual serum samples. The full factorial design of synthetic mixtures of human serum in chloroform solutions accomplished the discrimination of eight clusters. Each cluster corresponded to specific levels of lipids prepared. Application of the assay to real serum samples revealed ten clusters with each corresponding to a disease state according to Fredrickson's Classification of Dyslipidemias. The results demonstrated that the novel chemical approach could provide a good agreement between clinical chemistry and pattern recognition results. This study shows how pattern recognition coupled with the assay can provide discrimination of dyslipi-demic states in dyslipidemic individuals in faster and cheaper ways.
Serum homocysteine concentration as a marker of nutritional status of healthy subjects in Crete, Greece; Background Dietary habits are an important determinant of serum homocysteine (tHcy), which may be a marker rather than a cause of progression of the atherosclerotic process. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the nutritional status, and to determine the serum tHcy concentrations in healthy subjects who live in rural areas of Crete, and who theoretically follow a contemporary Mediterranean-style diet.
A Comprehensive Review of the Shared Roles of Inflammatory Cytokines in Osteoporosis and Cardiovascular Diseases as Two Common Old People Problem; Actions Toward Development of New Drugs; The relationship between cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and osteoporosis two common disease in aged people has been theorized since several years ago but many controversies exist yet. In this study, the role of inflammatory cytokines in both diseases has been studied in depth. In the pathophysiology of diseases, estrogen deficiency (in women), oxidative stress, vitamin K deficiency, vitamin D overload, secondary hyperparathyroidism, hyperhomocysteinemia and inflammation play substantial role. Meanwhile, drug therapy of each disease may affect the other one, a spectacle potentiating the common inflammatory link theory. Results of this review indicate that cytokines or proteins such as interleulcin (IL)-1, IL-6, IL-11, IL-12, IL-15, IL-17, tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha), interferons, macrophage colony stimulating factor (M-CSF), granulocyte M-CSF (GM-CSF), receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B ligand (RANKL), osteoprotegerin (OPG), osteopontin (OPN), osteonectin, bone morphogenic proteins (BMPs), bone morphogenic protein-2 (BMP-2), transcription factor for osteoblasts differentiation (Runx2), C-reactive protein (CRP), cyclooxygenase (COX), oxidized LDL, paraoxonase, lysosomal cysteine protease cathepsin K and platelets are shared in the pathophysiology of both diseases. Accordingly, drugs such as bisphosphonates, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors known as statins, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), anti-platelet drugs such as clopidogrel or ticlopidine and phytoesteroges affect conditions of both diseases. The inflammatory elements sharing in pathogenesis of both CVD and osteoporosis lead us to revise developments of new drugs in this specific area of science that is much relevant to the health of elderly people who are increasing in developed world.
Thromboxane A<sub>2</sub> fails to induce proliferation of smooth muscle cells enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid; (T)hromboxane A(2) (TXA(2)) released from aggregating platelets and injured vessel wall stimulates smooth muscle cell proliferation, which may contribute to the development of vascular lesion formation after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3) present in the fish oils have been shown to have anti-atherosclerotic effects. In view of this, we examined the effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the active ingredients of fish oils on TXA(2) induced smooth muscle cell proliferation. To find out the specificity of these fatty acids we used gamma-linolenic acid (n-6) and oleic acid (n-9) as controls. It was found that TXA(2) failed to stimulate proliferation of smooth muscle cells preloaded with EPA or DHA but not with gamma-linolenic acid or oleic acid. Further, when smooth muscle cells were preloaded with both EPA and DHA, they acted together in preventing the TXA(2) induced smooth muscle cell proliferation. These results demonstrate that one of the mechanisms by which fish oils may prevent neointima formation is by making smooth muscle cells less responsive to TXA(2) induced proliferation of smooth muscle cells.
Reduced-fat bologna sausages with improved lipid fraction; BACKGROUNDThis applied research was done in order to obtain cooked products (bologna sausages) with significantly lower amounts of energy, total fat and saturated fat and higher amounts of -3 fatty acids than conventional ones. Two subsequent experiments were performed.
Modulation of lipid peroxidation and antioxidant enzymes in murine salivary gland by dietary fatty acid ethyl esters; The present study was undertaken to investigate the effect of n-9, n-6, and n-3 dietary fatty acid ethyl esters on basal (uninduced) and Fe2+/ascorbate (induced) lipid peroxidation (LPO) in salivary gland (SG) of mice. Feeding n-3 ethyl ester polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) increased the uninduced and induced LPO in SG homogenates. In contrast, feeding olive oil ethyl esters (n-9) significantly lowered the induced and uninduced LPO in SG tissue. Salivary gland susceptibility to LPO increased in the order of: olive oil < corn oil < safflower oil < n-3 ethyl esters. Olive oil esters in the diet increased primarily the 18:1 levels in SG tissue. Whereas feeding n-3 PUFA notably increased the superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase activities in SG homogenates, no significant changes were seen between n-9 and n-6 PUFA-fed mice. Lower levels of Vitamin E (Vit E) in the tissues of n-3 PUFA-fed mice indicate that the higher the dietary Lipid unsaturation, the higher the requirement for Vit E in the diet. Our results indicate that, similar to other organs, salivary gland susceptibility to uninduced or induced oxidation depends on the source of dietary PUFA. In conclusion, feeding olive oil increases the resistance of SGs to induced and uninduced LPO.
Fish intake is positively associated with breast cancer incidence rate; Animal studies have, in general, been supportive of a protective effect of fish and fish (n-3) PUFA against breast cancer risk; but the epidemiologic evidence of such-a relationship is limited. Case-control and cohort studies have rarely shown significant associations. The association between total fish intake and the effect of fat content and preparation method of the fish, in relation to the incidence rate ratios of breast cancer, were investigated among postmenopausal women. We also investigated the effect of fish intake with respect to estrogen receptor expression of breast cancer tumors. A total of 23,693 postmenopausal women from the prospective study "Diet, Cancer and Health" were included in the study. During follow-up, 424 women were diagnosed with breast cancer. The incidence rate ratio (IRR) and 95% CI per each additional 25 g of mean daily intake of fish were 1.13 (CI, 1.03-1.23). Analysis of fatty fish gave IRR of 1.11 (CI, 0.91-1.34), and the result for lean fish was 1.13 (CI, 0.99-1.29). When fish intake was stratified into three types of preparation methods, the IRR for fried fish was 1.09 (CI, 0.95-1.25), for boiled fish 1.09 (CI, 0.85-1.42), and for processed fish 1.12 (CI, 0.93-1.34). The IRR per additional 25 g of mean daily intake of fish was 1.14 (CI, 1.03-1.26) for estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) and 1.00 (CI, 0.81-1.24) for estrogen receptor-negative (ER-) breast cancer. In conclusion, this study showed that higher intakes of fish were significantly associated with higher incidence rates of breast cancer. The association was present only for development of ER+ breast cancer.
The use of genetic engineering techniques to improve the lipid composition in meat, milk and fish products: a review; The health-promoting properties of dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs) for humans are well-known. Products of animal-origin enriched with n-3 LCPUFAs can be a good example of functional food, that is food that besides traditionally understood nutritional value may have a beneficial influence on the metabolism and health of consumers, thus reducing the risk of various lifestyle diseases such as atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. The traditional method of enriching meat, milk or eggs with n-3 LCPUFA is the manipulation of the composition of animal diets. Huge progress in the development of genetic engineering techniques, for example transgenesis, has enabled the generation of many kinds of genetically modified animals. In recent years, one of the aims of animal transgenesis has been the modification of the lipid composition of meat and milk in order to improve the dietetic value of animal-origin products. This article reviews and discusses the data in the literature concerning studies where techniques of genetic engineering were used to create animal-origin products modified to contain health-promoting lipids. These studies are still at the laboratory stage, but their results have demonstrated that the transgenesis of pigs, cows, goats and fishes can be used in the future as efficient methods of production of healthy animal-origin food of high dietetic value. However, due to high costs and a low level of public acceptance, the introduction of this technology to commercial animal production and markets seems to be a distant prospect.
Molecular Principles for Decoding Homeostasis Disruptions in the Retinal Pigment Epithelium: Significance of Lipid Mediators to Retinal Degenerative Diseases; Dysregulated neuroinflammatory signaling during impending disruption of homeostasis in retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) and photoreceptor cells (PRC) takes place in early stages of retinal degeneration. PRCs avidly retain and display the highest content in the human body of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; an omega-3 essential fatty acid). Docosanoids are DHA-derived mediators, such as neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), made on-demand that promote repair, phagocytic clearance, cell survival, and are active participants of effective, well-concerted homeostasis restoration. Here we develop the concept that there is a molecular logic that sustains PRC survival and that transcriptional signatures governed by NPD1 in the RPE may be engaged.
Mechanistic Characterization Regarding the Effect of Supra-Optimal Nitrogen: A Case Study for <i>Suaeda salsa</i>; There are serious problems with sudden mortality of natural populations of Suaeda salsa (S. salsa) in Liaohe estuary wetland, Liaodong Bay, China, due to the presence of high nitrogen as runoffs from upstream ago-ecosystems. This study attempts to comprehensively understand the mechanism regarding the effect of this supra-optimal nitrogen on S. salsa based on growth and metabolic perturbations based on RNA-seq studies. The effect of nitrogen types was further delimited by the application of nitrate and ammonium nitrogen treatments. We found that nitrate nitrogen decreased the mass, sucrose, starch, soluble protein, and indoleacetic acid (IAA) content of S. salsa. Nitrate nitrogen down regulated the genes encoding a-linolenic acid metabolism at 1 day. Glycolate oxidase activity increased under 1 mM nitrate nitrogen. Further ammonium nitrogen also caused a decrease in the height, mass, sucrose, starch, soluble protein, and IAA content of S. salsa. The genes encoding photosystem II, photosystem I, photosynthetic electron transport, and cytochrome b6f complex were down regulated under 0.5 mM ammonium nitrogen. Ammonium nitrogen down regulated the genes encoding a-linolenic acid metabolism at 1 day. Ammonium nitrogen decreased the activity of adenosine triphosphate synthase and Ribulose 1, 5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase at 40 d. Therefore, our studies provide insights into the degradation of high nitrogen-infested S. salsa ecosystem that appeared primarily due to a disrupted photosynthesis and plant hormone signal transduction.
Impact of fat and selected profiles of fatty acids contained in the colostrum and milk of sows of native breeds on piglet rearing; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the level of fat and selected fatty acids found in the milk of sows on the rearing of native breed piglets. Simultaneously, in order to improve the accuracy of the performed analyses, atomic absorption spectrometry was employed in the applied analytic methodology. The experimental animal material comprised 60 sows of the indigenous White Zotnicka breed. Colostrum and milk were collected on the first and 14th days of lactation. In all, 240 samples were collected. The following parameters were determined in the course of the experiment: number and weight of piglets, body weight gains as well as deaths of piglets. A total of 1270 born piglets was subjected to investigations. The performed experiments demonstrated that, with the progress of the lactation period, the content of fat and saturated fatty acids (SFA) turned out to be statistically significant and showed a growing tendency. Fat increased by about 2% and palmitic acid (C16:0) increased most, that is by 5%. Linolic (C18:2) and linolenic (C18:3) acids revealed decreasing trends. Irrespective of the day of lactation, the level of unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) determined in sows' colostrum and milk was higher in comparison with that of SFA, and the UFA to SFA ratio ranged from 1.84% to 1.33%. Proportions of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were determined at the level of about 1.6:1.0 in the colostrum and 1.3:10 in milk. The highest daily body weight gains were recorded in the case of piglets derived from sows with the highest fat level - 294g, while in the case of stearic acid (C18:0), the smaller its concentration in the colostrum and milk of the experimental sows, the better body weight gains of piglets - 262g. At the same time, stearic acid (C18:0) was found to exert a statistically significant effect on piglet mortality at the level of P0.05. Its highest concentration caused the highest proportion of deaths among piglets - 16.23%. The performed analysis of correlations that occurred between fat, fatty acids and traits associated with piglet rearing confirmed that linolic acid (C18:2; n-6) was highly significantly correlated with piglets' body weights (r=0.456**) and was negatively correlated with piglets' deaths (r=-0.312). On the other hand, fat revealed correlation with body weight gains of piglets (r=0.333*_ and a negative correlation with deaths of piglets (r=-0344*). Recapitulating, the results of the performed experiments revealed that differences in the levels of fat and fatty acids found in sows' colostrum and milk influenced results of piglet rearing. Together with the increase in the content of fat and UFA in sows' colostrum and milk, piglets were characterized by the best body weight, growth rate, as well as by small mortality.
Apolipoprotein D in Oxidative Stress and Inflammation; Apolipoprotein D (ApoD) is lipocalin able to bind hydrophobic ligands. The APOD gene is upregulated in a number of pathologies, including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, cancer, and hypothyroidism. Upregulation of ApoD is linked to decreased oxidative stress and inflammation in several models, including humans, mice, Drosophila melanogaster and plants. Studies suggest that the mechanism through which ApoD modulates oxidative stress and regulate inflammation is via its capacity to bind arachidonic acid (ARA). This polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid can be metabolised to generate large variety of pro-inflammatory mediators. ApoD serves as a sequester, blocking and/or altering arachidonic metabolism. In recent studies of diet-induced obesity, ApoD has been shown to modulate lipid mediators derived from ARA, but also from eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in an anti-inflammatory way. High levels of ApoD have also been linked to better metabolic health and inflammatory state in the round ligament of morbidly obese women. Since ApoD expression is upregulated in numerous diseases, it might serve as a therapeutic agent against pathologies aggravated by OS and inflammation such as many obesity comorbidities. This review will present the most recent findings underlying the central role of ApoD in the modulation of both OS and inflammation.
ADJUVANT THERAPY WITH ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACIDS (EFAS) FOR PRIMARY LIVER-TUMORS - SOME HYPOTHESES; Hepatocarcinoma is responsible for approximately 1 million deaths annually It is usually discovered at an advanced stage and, if inoperable, has a poor prognosis. New therapies combining chemotherapy, hyperthermia, radiotherapy and immunomodulators have been recently attempted with various levels of success. Once the tumor is detected at an early stage, some possibilities of cure seem to emerge either by intratumoral percutaneous injection (PEI) of alcohol or by chemoembolization and interstitial hyperthermia. When the tumor volume is more than 5cm, these therapies are less successful and radiotherapy can be used. AH the techniques described have some limits; PEI, for instance, does not achieve a complete eradication of lesions >3cm and a non-homogenous alcohol distribution within the tumor leads to areas of necrosis. Radiotherapy, even if effective, is limited by dose-related radiation hepatitis. Another important limiting factor is the incomplete response to therapy and tumor recurrence.
Lipidomic profiling reveals free fatty acid alterations in plasma from patients with atrial fibrillation; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common cardiac arrhythmia, and its incidence is increasing worldwide. One method used to restore sinus rhythm is direct current cardioversion (DCCV). Despite the high success rate of DCCV, AF typically recurs within the first 2 weeks. However, our understanding of the pathophysiology of AF recurrence, incidence, and progression are highly limited. Lipidomic profiling was applied to identify altered lipids in plasma from patients with AF using ultra-performance liquid chromatography/quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry coupled with multivariate statistical analysis. Partial least-squares discriminant analysis revealed a clear separation between AF patients and healthy controls. The levels of several lipid species, including fatty acids and phospholipids, were different between AF patients and healthy controls, indicating that oxidative stress and inflammation are associated with the pathogenesis of AF. Similar patterns were also detected between recurrent and non-recurrent AF patients. These results suggest that the elevated saturated fatty acid and reduced polyunsaturated fatty acid levels in AF patients may be associated with enhanced inflammation and that free fatty acid levels may play a crucial role in the development and progression of AF.
Repeated pulse exposures to lambda-cyhalothrin affect the behavior, physiology, and survival of the damselfly larvae <i>Ischnura graellsii</i> (Insecta; Odonata); Damselflies form an essential part of the aquatic and terrestrial food web. Pesticides may, however, negatively affect their behavior, physiology, and survival. To assess this, a 42-day-lasting bioassay was conducted, during which damselfly larvae (Ischnura graellsii; n = 20) were repeatedly exposed to lambda-cyhalothrin (3 days at; 0, 10, 50, 250, 1250, and 6250 ng LCH L-1), followed by recovery phases (4 days) in pesticide-free medium for six weeks. This exposure design was used to simulate frequent runoff events in the field. Variables related to the behavior (strikes against prey and capture success), growth, physiology (lipid content and fatty acid composition), as well as mortality were assessed throughout the experiment. The two highest LCH concentrations induced 100% mortality within the first 48 h, whereas 85% of the test organisms survived 28 days under control conditions. The number of strikes against prey was not affected by LCH. In contrast, prey capture success decreased significantly (up to similar to 50% at 250 ng LCH L-1, for instance, after the third pulse exposure) following LCH-exposures compared to the control. This difference was not observed after recovery phases, however, which did not counteract the enhanced energy demand for detoxification and defense mechanisms indicated by a lower growth rate (up to similar to 20%) and lipid content (up to similar to 30%) of damselflies at 50 and 250 ng LCH L-1. In addition, two essential fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid and arachidonic acid) and two precursors (linolenic acid and alinolenic acid) decreased in their concentrations upon exposure towards 250 ng LCH L-1. Thus the results of this study indicate that long-term exposure towards LCH pulses can affect damselfly behavior, physiology and survival. Given the essential role of damselflies in food web dynamics, these effects may potentially translate into local population impairments with subsequent bottom-up directed effects within and across ecosystem boundaries.
Membrane physical state and stress regulation in Synechocystis: fluidizing alcohols repress fatty acid desaturation; Cyanobacteria are prokaryotic photosynthetic organisms widely used in biotechnology, photosynthesis and abiotic stress research. There are several cyanobacterial strains modified to produce biofuels, but the influence of alcohols on cyanobacterial cell physiology is poorly understood. Here, we conducted a systematic study of the effects of nine primary aliphatic alcohols and an aromatic benzyl alcohol on both membrane physical state and the expression of genes for fatty acid desaturases (FADs) in a model cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803. Hexan-1-ol was found to have the most membrane fluidizing action among all alcohols studied, with its efficiency correlating with both duration of treatment and alcohol concentration. A prolonged exposure to alcohol results in a continuous loss of unsaturated fatty acids (FAs) followed by cell death, an undesired challenge that should be considered in cyanobacterial biotechnology. We suggest that membrane fluidization is the key component in alcohol stress causing inactivation of FADs and resulting in a lethal depletion of unsaturated FAs. Due to the most pronounced effects of alcohol- and heat-induced membrane fluidization on desB encoding a terminal omega 3-FAD, we propose to call desB a 'viscosity gene' in analogy to heat-induced 'fluidity gene' hspA.
Milk Fat and Health Consequences; Daily foods are widely recommended as part of a healthy diet mainly because of the ready availability of calcium but also because they are a good source of protein, :minerals and fat soluble vitamins. On the other hand, dairy foods have been viewed with suspicion by many because dairy fats contain saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. It has been thought, particularly by consumers, that, dairy fats may increase the risk of coronary heart disease because of the contribution they make to total saturated fat intake. However, dairy fats contain other lipid bioactives (e.g. omega-3 fatty acids, gangliosides, conjugated linoleic acid) that limy counteract the effect of saturates in a well balanced diet. Surprisingly, there have been few studies that have addressed this Copyright (C) 2011 Nestec Ltd, Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
Troglitazone increases the resistance of low density lipoprotein to oxidation in healthy volunteers; The oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein is of importance in atherogenesis. Antioxidant supplementation has been shown, in published work, to increase low density lipoprotein resistance to oxidation in both healthy subjects and diabetic subjects; in animal studies a contemporary reduction in atherogenesis has been demonstrated. Troglitazone is a novel oral antidiabetic drug which has similarities in structure with vitamin E. The present study assessed the effect of troglitazone 400 mg twice daily for 2 weeks on the resistance of low density lipoprotein to oxidation in healthy male subjects. Ten subjects received troglitazone and ten received placebo in a randomised, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design. The lag phase (a measure of the resistance of low density lipoprotein to oxidation) was determined by measurement of fluorescence development during copper-catalysed oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein. The lag phase was increased by 27 % (p<0.001) at week 1 and by 24% (p<0.001) at week 2 in the troglitazone treated group compared with the placebo group. A number of variables known to influence the resistance of low density lipoprotein to oxidation were measured. They included macronutrient consumption, plasma and lipoprotein lipid profile, alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene levels in low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein particle size, mono and polyunsaturated fatty acid content of low density lipoprotein and pre-formed low density lipoprotein hydroperoxide levels in low density lipoprotein. Troglitazone was associated with a significant reduction in the amount of pre-formed low density lipoprotein lipid hydroperoxides. At weeks 1 and 2, the low density lipoprotein hydroperoxide content was 17% (p<0.05) and 18% (p<0.05) lower in the troglitazone group compared to placebo, respectively. In summary the increase in lag phase duration in the troglitazone group appeared to be due to the compound's activity as an antioxidant and to its ability to reduce the amount of preformed low density lipoprotein lipid hydroperoxides. This antioxidant activity could provide considerable benefit to diabetic patients where atherosclerosis accounts for the majority of total mortality.
Lipidomics reveal the cognitive improvement effects of <i>Acer truncatum Bunge</i> seed oil on hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy rats; Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is one of the leading causes of acute neonatal death and chronic neurological damage, and severe HIE can have secondary sequelae such as cognitive impairment and cerebral palsy, for which effective interventions are lacking. In this study, we found that continuous 30-day intake of Acer truncatum Bunge seed oil (ASO) reduced brain damage and improved cognitive ability in HIE rats. Using lipidomic strategies, we observed that HIE rats had decreased unsaturated fatty acids and increased lysophospholipids in the brain. However, after 30 days of ASO treatment, phospholipids, plasmalogens, and unsaturated fatty acids increased, while lysophospholipids and oxidized glycerophospholipids decreased in both serum and the brain. Enrichment analysis showed that ASO intake mainly affected sphingolipid metabolism, fat digestion and absorption, glycerolipid metabolism and glycerophospholipid metabolic pathways in serum and the brain. Cluster, correlation, and confirmatory factor analyses showed that cognitive improvement after ASO administration was attributed to increased essential phospholipids and & omega;3/6/9 fatty acids, coupled with decreased oxidized glycerophospholipids in HIE rats. Our findings indicate that ASO has the potential to be developed as an effective food supplement for ischemic hypoxic newborns.
High Exogenous Antioxidant, Restorative Treatment (Heart) for Prevention of the Six Stages of Heart Failure: The Heart Diet; The exact pathophysiology of heart failure (HF) is not yet known. Western diet, characterized by highly sweetened foods, as well as being rich in fat, fried foods, red meat and processed meat, eggs, and sweet beverages, may cause inflammation, leading to oxidative dysfunction in the cardiac ultra-structure. Oxidative function of the myocardium and how oxidative dysfunction causes physio-pathological remodeling, leading to HF, is not well known. Antioxidants, such as polyphenolics and flavonoids, omega-3 fatty acids, and other micronutrients that are rich in Indo-Mediterranean-type diets, could be protective in sustaining the oxidative functions of the heart. The cardiomyocytes use glucose and fatty acids for the physiological functions depending upon the metabolic requirements of the heart. Apart from toxicity due to glucose, lipotoxicity also adversely affects the cardiomyocytes, which worsen in the presence of deficiency of endogenous antioxidants and deficiency of exogenous antioxidant nutrients in the diet. The high-sugar-and-high-fat-induced production of ceramide, advanced glycation end products (AGE) and triamino-methyl-N-oxide (TMAO) can predispose individuals to oxidative dysfunction and Ca-overloading. The alteration in the biology may start with normal cardiac cell remodeling to biological remodeling due to inflammation. An increase in the fat content of a diet in combination with inducible nitric oxide synthase (NOSi) via N-arginine methyl ester has been found to preserve the ejection fraction in HF. It is proposed that a greater intake of high exogenous antioxidant restorative treatment (HEART) diet, polyphenolics and flavonoids, as well as cessation of red meat intake and egg, can cause improvement in the oxidative function of the heart, by inhibiting oxidative damage to lipids, proteins and DNA in the cell, resulting in beneficial effects in the early stage of the Six Stages of HF. There is an unmet need to conduct cohort studies and randomized, controlled studies to demonstrate the role of the HEART diet in the treatment of HF.
Growth, immune response and resistance to <i>Aeromonas hydrophila</i> of darkbarbel catfish <i>Pelteobagrus vachelli</i> fed diets with different linolenic acids, vitamins C and E levels; The role of dietary linolenic acid (LN), vitamin E (E) and vitamin C (C) in regulating fish growth and immune response was tested on juvenile darkbarbel catfish Pelteobagrus vachelli. Five dietary combinations were used (-E-LN, +E-LN,-E+LN, +E+LN and -C+E+LN; '+' with addition and '-' without addition) in triplicate. Weight gain was highest in the -E+LN feeding group. Red blood cell in fish fed the +E+LN diet was highest. The haematocrit and haemoglobin of fish fed the -E+LN diet was lowest. Superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activities in fish fed the -E+LN diet were higher than those in fish fed other diets. Malondialdehyde in fish fed the -C+E+LN diet was highest. Fish fed the +E+LN diet had higher levels of lysozyme activity, serum protein, complements C3 and C4, and immunoglobulin contents than fish fed other diets. Fish fed the +E+LN diet showed lower mortality and higher antibody titre than fish fed other diets after the fish were challenged with Aeromonas hydrophila for 14 day. This study suggests that the growth of darkbabel catfish is improved by increasing dietary linolenic acids. The diets with high linolenic acid, vitamin E and vitamin C can enhance the immune response and resistance in darkbarbel catfish challenged with A. hydrophila.
Nutraceuticals and Dietary Supplements to Improve Quality of Life and Outcomes in Heart Failure Patients; Background: Heart failure (HF) is a complex clinical syndrome that can result from any structural or functional cardiac disorder that impairs the ability of the ventricle to fill or eject blood. It represents a major public health issue, with a prevalence of over 23 million worldwide. The lifetime risk of developing HF is one in five and the most important risk factors identified are ischemic heart disease, hypertension, smoking, obesity and diabetes. Preventive approaches are based on improvements of lifestyle, associated with pharmacological therapy. Several nutraceuticals have shown interesting clinical results in prevention of HF as well as in the treatment of the early stages of the disease, alone or in association with pharmacological therapy.
Steroid induced hypertriglyceridemia in pregnant waman with immune thrombocytopenia-case report; Background: Hypertriglyceridemia is a medical condition defined as fasting triglyceride level more than 150 mg/ dl. It could be due to either familial or acquired cause as in obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type 2, alcohol consumption, decrease exercise or drug affects. Drugs such as corticosteroids rarely induced hypertriglyceridemia, for that we are reporting this case.Case presentation: We are reporting a 35 years old pregnant lady diagnosed with immune thrombocytopenia and started on prednisolone 1mg/kg per oral once a day. Two months later, while on 20 mg of prednisolone, she presented to the emergency department with epigastric pain, nausea and vomiting for 15 days. Physical examination showed dry mucosa, new xanthelasma over both eyelids and epigastric tenderness with palpable suprapubic gravida uterus; otherwise, was unremarkable. Blood samples were highly lipemic, and laboratory investigations showed high triglycerides (TG) of greater than 73 mmol/L, mild diabetic keto acidosis with normal other chemistry including hepatic, renal, and pancreatic panel. She was treated by diet restriction, insulin infusion, Fenofibrate, and Omega 3 as well as rapid tapering down of prednisolone.Conclusion: Corticosteroid-induced hypertriglyceridemia is an uncommon condition and could be fatal, especially in high-risk cases. Unfortunately, no guidelines support a regular screening for lipid profile prior to initiating steroid therapy. However, we are suggesting a further study and creating a recommendation to mandate screening for lipid profile along with fasting blood sugar prior to initiating steroid therapy, especially in high-risk cases as in pregnancy.
Habitual fish intake and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis; Background: Fish consumption is recommended as part of a healthy diet. However, there is a paucity of data concerning the relation between fish consumption and carotid atherosclerosis. We investigated the association between habitual fish consumption and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima-media thickness (>= 0.90 mm), in non-diabetic participants.
The Roles of Adjuvant Supplements in Colorectal Cancer Patients on Chemotherapy - Reaping Benefits from Metabolic Crosstalk; The prevalence of colorectal cancer (CRC) is on a steady rise over the years, with the World Health Organization (WHO) reporting CRC as the fourth leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. While treatment modalities may differ in accordance to the staging and severity of the disease itself, chemotherapy is almost unavoidable in most cases. Though effective in its mode of action, chemotherapy is commonly associated with undesirable side effects that negatively affects the patient in terms of quality of life, and in some cases may actually interfere with their treatment regimens, thus escalating to poor prognosis. Gastrointestinal disturbances is a major side effect of chemotherapy and in CRC, gastrointestinal disturbances may be further aggravated and grave in nature mainly due to the affected site, being the gastrointestinal tract. The use of complementary therapies as adjuncts to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy in CRC patients is gaining prominence with dietary supplements being the most commonly employed adjunct. Some of the frequently used dietary supplements for CRC patients are probiotics, omega-3 fatty acid and glutamine. The successful crosstalk between these dietary supplements with important metabolic pathways is crucial in the alleviation of chemotherapy side effects.
Marine Microalgal Products with Activities against Age-Related Cardiovascular Diseases; Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death worldwide, and it is estimated that 17.9 million people die of it each year. The risk factors for cardiovascular diseases are attributable to an unhealthy and sedentary lifestyle, poor nutrition, stress, genetic predisposition, diabetes, obesity, and aging. Marine microalgae have been the subject of numerous studies for their potential activity against several human diseases. They produce a plethora of primary and secondary metabolites such as essential nutrients, vitamins, pigments, and omega-3 fatty acid. Many of these molecules have antioxidant properties and have been shown to play a role in the prevention of heart diseases. The aim of this review is to summarize recent studies on the discovery of marine microalgal compounds and bioactivities for cardiovascular diseases, including in vitro and in vivo studies, showing and discussing recent discoveries and trends. The most promising results were found for microalgal polysaccharides, peptides and carotenoids. In conclusion, the overall data summarized here show that microalgae-based supplementation has the potential to improve age-related cardiovascular diseases and we expect more clinical studies in the future.
Relationships of Fatty Acids, Delta-5 Desaturase Activity, and Lipid Profiles in Men with Acute Coronary Syndrome; Aims: We evaluated the relationship between the ratios of eicosapentaenoic acid and arachidonic acid (EPA/AA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/AA, and delta-5 desaturase activity (D5D) and atherogenic lipid profiles (ALP) an coronary atherosclerosis.
Association of Oily and Nonoily Fish Consumption and Fish Oil Supplements With Incident Type 2 Diabetes: A Large Population-Based Prospective Study; OBJECTIVE To evaluate associations of oily and nonoily fish consumption and fish oil supplements with incident type 2 diabetes (T2D). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 392,287 middle-aged and older participants (55.0% women) in the UK Biobank who were free of diabetes, major cardiovascular disease, and cancer and had information on habitual intake of major food groups and use of fish oil supplements at baseline (2006-2010). Of these, 163,706 participated in one to five rounds of 24-h dietary recalls during 2009-2012. RESULTS During a median 10.1 years of follow-up, 7,262 incident cases of T2D were identified. Compared with participants who reported never consumption of oily fish, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios of T2D were 0.84 (95% CI 0.78-0.91), 0.78 (0.72-0.85), and 0.78 (0.71-0.86) for those who reported <1 serving/week, weekly, and >= 2 servings/week of oily fish consumption, respectively (P-trend < 0.001). Consumption of nonoily fish was not associated with risk of T2D (P-trend = 0.45). Participants who reported regular fish oil use at baseline had a 9% (95% CI 4-14%) lower risk of T2D compared with nonusers. Baseline regular users of fish oil who also reported fish oil use during at least one of the 24-h dietary recalls had an 18% (8-27%) lower risk of T2D compared with constant nonusers. CONCLUSIONS Our findings suggest that consumption of oily fish but not nonoily fish was associated with a lower risk of T2D. Use of fish oil supplements, especially constant use over time, was also associated with a lower risk of T2D.
The effect of nuts on inflammation; Inflammation is one of the recognised mechanisms involved in the development of atherosclerotic plaque and insulin resistance. Inflammatory or endothelial markers such as C-Reactive Protein (CRP), Interleukin-6 (IL-6), fibrinogen, Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and Intracellular Adhesion Molecule-1 (ICAM-1) have been identified as independent predictors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) or diabetes in human prospective studies. Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that some dietary factors, such as n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins, dietary fiber, L-arginine and magnesium may play an important role in modulating inflammation. The relationship observed between frequent nut consumption and the reduced risk of cardiovascular mortality and type 2 diabetes in some prospective studies could be explained by the fact that nuts are rich in all of these modulator nutrients. In fact, frequent nut consumption has been associated with lower concentrations of some peripheral inflammation markers in cross-sectional studies. Nut consumption has also been shown to decrease the plasma concentration of CRP, IL-6 and some endothelial markers in recent clinical trials.
Dietary Fat Intake Is Differentially Associated with Risk of Paroxysmal Compared with Sustained Atrial Fibrillation in Women; Background: Dietary fats have effects on biological pathways that may influence the development and maintenance of atrial fibrillation (AF). However, associations between n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids and AF are inconsistent, and data on other dietary fats and AF risk are sparse.
Effects of high-fat diet on thyroid autoimmunity in the female rat; Background While contributions of dyslipidemia to autoimmune diseases have been described, its impact on thyroid autoimmunity (TA) is less clear. Programmed cell death 1(PD-1)/PD-ligand 1 (PD-L1) immune checkpoint is crucial in preventing autoimmune attack while its blockade exacerbates TA. We thus unveiled the effect of high-fat diet (HFD) on TA, focusing on the contribution of PD-1/PD-L1. Methods Female Sprague Dawley (SD) rats were randomly fed with a regular diet or HFD (60% calories from fat) for 24 weeks. Then, thyroid ultrasonography was performed and samples were collected for lipid and thyroid-related parameter measure. Results HFD rats exhibited hyperlipemia and abnormal biosynthesis of the unsaturated fatty acid in serum detected by lipidomics. These rats displayed a relatively lower echogenicity and increased inflammatory infiltration in thyroid accompanied by rising serum thyroid autoantibody levels and hypothyroidism, mimicking human Hashimoto's thyroiditis. These alterations were concurrent with decreased mRNA and immunostaining of intrathyroidal PD-1 and also serum PD-1 levels but not the PD-L1 expression, suggesting a role of a PD-1 pathway. Meanwhile, the infiltration of B and T cell, a key cellular event inhibited by the PD-1 signals, was enhanced in the thyroid of HFD rats, along with thyroid fibrosis and apoptosis. Conclusions Our data suggest that HFD triggers TA through a mechanism possibly involving downregulation of PD-1-related immunosuppression, providing a novel insight into the link between dyslipidemia and autoimmune toxicities.
Decomposition of <i>Juncus</i> seeds in a valley mire (Faroe Islands) over a 900 year period; The influence of past depositional environments on the chemistry of sub-fossil Juncus seed coats (testa) from the top I m (corresponding to ca. 900 years of peat accumulation) of a peat bog in the Faroe Islands was examined. The chemistry of the testa of fresh Juncus seeds were characterised using thermally assisted pyrolysis and methylation (THM) in the presence of tetramethyl ammonium hydroxide (TMAH) and 'type' compounds were identified, representative of the major chemical groups in the testa (cellulose-related sugars, lignin-related phenolics, fatty acids). The abundance of the 'type' compounds in the products from sub-fossil testae (the internal tissues of the seeds do not survive beyond the very early stages of decomposition) was then quantified at contiguous 1 cm depth intervals. Major losses of C-18 unsaturated fatty acid methyl esters and sugars were associated with the fresh to sub-fossil transition at ca. 7 cm depth. The preservation of the phenolic ferulic acid in the seed testa appears to be favoured by the input of small basaltic particles from the nearby stream channel. The mechanism by which inwash of inorganic material may be responsible for the improved chemical preservation of the Juncus seed testa is, however, unclear. The sugars were easily metabolised by microorganisms under aerobic conditions of low water table and preserved under anoxic conditions with high water table, suggesting that a drier mire surface may result in the more efficient depletion of polysaccharides and cellulose during the initial stage of decomposition in the acrotelm. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diet and weaning age affect the growth and condition of Dover sole (<i>Solea solea</i> L.); The effect of diet type (frozen Artemia biomass and two inert diets: micro-bound [MB] and micro-extruded [ME]) and two weaning ages (early weaning and late weaning, 50 and 64 days after hatching, respectively) were studied in Solea solea larvae. The experiment lasted 56 and 42 days for early and late weaning, respectively. The mortality results showed the highest values for late weaning (39%) in the Artemia treatment. No significant differences in mortality were observed between the inert diets. The final dry weight values were higher for late weaning than for early weaning. At both weaning ages, fish receiving the same treatments had similar tendencies for dry weight and standard length. Fish fed with MB presented significantly higher dry weight and standard length, followed by ME, while the lowest values at both weaning ages were recorded for the Artemia treatment. Similar amounts of highly unsaturated fatty acid fractions among the inert diets were reflected by the absence of significant differences in the susceptibility to oxidation (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances testing); however, significant differences were found in carbohydrate, protein and lipid contents of whole-body homogenates for both early and late weaning. At the end of the experiment no significant differences in biochemical contents were observed between the two inert diets. The results of this study suggest that weaning starting on day 50 (early weaning), using a good quality inert diet, leads to higher survival, growth and fish condition.
Case-cohort study of plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles, cognitive function, and risk of dementia: a secondary analysis in the Ginkgo Evaluation of Memory Study; Background: Phospholipids are biomarkers of dietary fat intake and metabolism. linked to several cardiometabolic disorders. Few prospective studies have assessed plasma phospholipids in relation to dementia risk and cognitive function.
Synthesis and Significance of Arachidonic Acid, a Substrate for Cyclooxygenases, Lipoxygenases, and Cytochrome P450 Pathways in the Tumorigenesis of Glioblastoma Multiforme, Including a Pan-Cancer Comparative Analysis; Simple Summary Glioblastoma multiforme is a brain tumor with a very unfavorable prognosis, where the vast majority of patients do not survive a year after diagnosis. One line of research that may help in designing more successful therapeutic approaches is the synthesis and metabolism of arachidonic acid, which is then converted into a large number of different lipid mediators, including prostaglandins and leukotrienes (by cyclooxygenases and lipoxygenases, respectively). In this paper, we discuss the synthesis of arachidonic acid in glioblastoma multiforme tumors as well as the significance of lipid mediators synthesized from arachidonic acid, which can increase the proliferation of glioblastoma multiforme cancer cells, cause angiogenesis, inhibit the anti-tumor response of the immune system, and be responsible for resistance to treatment. Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is one of the most aggressive gliomas. New and more effective therapeutic approaches are being sought based on studies of the various mechanisms of GBM tumorigenesis, including the synthesis and metabolism of arachidonic acid (ARA), an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). PubMed, GEPIA, and the transcriptomics analysis carried out by Seifert et al. were used in writing this paper. In this paper, we discuss in detail the biosynthesis of this acid in GBM tumors, with a special focus on certain enzymes: fatty acid desaturase (FADS)1, FADS2, and elongation of long-chain fatty acids family member 5 (ELOVL5). We also discuss ARA metabolism, particularly its release from cell membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2), iPLA(2), and sPLA(2)) and its processing by cyclooxygenases (COX-1 and COX-2), lipoxygenases (5-LOX, 12-LOX, 15-LOX-1, and 15-LOX-2), and cytochrome P450. Next, we discuss the significance of lipid mediators synthesized from ARA in GBM cancer processes, including prostaglandins (PGE(2), PGD(2), and 15-deoxy-Delta(12,14)-PGJ(2) (15d-PGJ(2))), thromboxane A(2) (TxA(2)), oxo-eicosatetraenoic acids, leukotrienes (LTB4, LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4), lipoxins, and many others. These lipid mediators can increase the proliferation of GBM cancer cells, cause angiogenesis, inhibit the anti-tumor response of the immune system, and be responsible for resistance to treatment.
Impact of nutrition on PCB toxicity; Studies are evolving which suggest that nutritional intervention can modify pathologies of diseases associated with environmental toxic insults. The diet is a major route of exposure to environmental toxins, such as persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals. Many persistent organics, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), bioaccumulate in our bodies and "bioremediation" is extremely difficult. Furthermore, many environmental toxins induce signaling pathways that are oxidative stress-sensitive and similar or the same as the ones associated with the etiology and early pathology of many chronic diseases. There is now increasing evidence that exposure to PCBs can contribute to the development of inflammatory diseases such as atherosclerosis. Activation, chronic inflammation, and dysfunction of the vascular endothelium are critical events in the initiation and acceleration of atherosclerotic lesion formation. Our studies indicate that an increase in cellular oxidative stress and an imbalance in antioxidant status are critical events in PCB-mediated induction of inflammatory genes and endothelial cell dysfunction. We also have evidence that the plasma membrane microdomains called caveolae play an important role in endothelial activation and toxicity mediated by coplanar PCBs. Caveolae are particularly abundant in endothelial cells and play a major role in endothelial trafficking and the regulation of signaling pathways associated with the pathology of vascular diseases. There is a great need to further explore this nutritional paradigm in environmental toxicology and to improve our understanding of the relationship between nutrition and lifestyle, exposure to environmental toxins and disease. Our studies suggest that certain dietary fats can increase the risk of environmental insult induced by PCBs, while other dietary factors may provide protection. Nutrition may provide the most sensible means to develop primary intervention and prevention strategies of diseases associated with many environmental toxic insults. (C) 2007 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Management of Hypertriglyceridemia in the Diabetic Patient; The hypertriglyceridemia of diabetes can be classified into mild to moderate (triglycerides between 150-499 mg/dL) and severe hypertriglyceridemia (triglycerides a parts per thousand yen500 mg/dL). As in any other individuals with hypertriglyceridemia, secondary causes need to be excluded. The management of severe hypertriglyceridemia (chylomicronemia syndrome) includes aggressive reduction of triglycerides with intravenous insulin, fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, and/or niacin therapy to avert the risk of pancreatitis. In patients with mild to moderate hypertriglyceridemia, the treatment of choice is statin therapy to achieve the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and non-high-density lipoprotein (HDL) target goals. The evidence base would favor niacin therapy in combination with statin therapy to achieve the goals pertaining to LDL cholesterol and non-HDL cholesterol. The data about the combination of fibrate therapy with statin therapy are disappointing.
The correlation between feeding intolerance and poor prognosis of patients with severe neurological conditions: a case-control study; Background: This study aims to investigate the current status of feeding intolerance (FI) among patients with severe neurological conditions and to further determine the correlation between FI and their poor prognosis. Methods: This study performed a retrospective analysis of the medical data of 58 patients from January 2017 to December 2017. Patients were divided into two groups according to modified Rankin Scale (mRS) scores. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relevant factors for the poor prognosis of these patients. Results: General data analysis showed that age and diagnosis(stroke) were significantly different between the two groups (P?<?0.05). Univariate analysis showed that APACHE II score, vomiting within 3?days of NICU admission, gastrointestinal bleeding within 3?days of NICU admission and occurrence of FI within 3?days of NICU admission were all risk factors for a poor prognosis of these patients(P?<?0.05). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that FI within 3?days of NICU admission(OR 8.026, 95%CI(1.550?26.039)) and diagnosis(stroke)(OR 10.654, 95%CI (1.746?21.291)) were independent factors for a poor prognosis of patients with severe neurological conditions. Conclusion: The incidence of early FI in stroke patients is correlated with a poor prognosis.
QUANTITATIVE MEASUREMENT OF 4-HYDROXYALKENALS IN OXIDIZED LOW-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEIN BY GAS-CHROMATOGRAPHY MASS-SPECTROMETRY; Previously, we reported on the determination of 4-hydroxyalkenals as pentafluorobenzyl oxime derivatives by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. In this study, an improved method is presented which allows quantitative detection of 4-hydroxyalkenals in tissues by using two stable isotope-labeled internal standards, 9D(3)-4-hydroxynonenal and 9D(3)-4-hydroxyhexenal. This assay was used to quantitate 4-hydroxyalkenals in copper-oxidized human low-density lipoprotein, and we found more 4-hydroxynonenal than 4-hydroxyhexenal. This is consistent with the fact that there are more omega-6 than omega-3 fatty acids in human low-density lipoprotein samples, which are the sources of 4-hydroxynonenal and 4-hydroxyhexenal, respectively. (C) 1995 Academic Press, Inc.
The effects of docosahexaenoic acid on glial derived neurotrophic factor and neurturin in bilateral rat model of Parkinson's disease; Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder marked by cell death in the Substantia nigra (SN). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the phospholipid fraction of the brain and is required for normal cellular function. Glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) and neurturin (NTN) are very potent trophic factors for PD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the neuroprotective effects of GDNF and NTN by investigating their immunostaining levels after administration of DHA in a model of PD. For this reason we hypothesized that DHA administration of PD might alter GDNF, NTN expression in SN. MPTP neurotoxin that induces dopaminergic neurodegeneration was used to create the experimental Parkinsonism model. Rats were divided into; control, DHA-treated (DHA), MPTP-induced (MPTP), MPTP-induced+DHA-treated (MPTP+DHA) groups. Dopaminergic neuron numbers were clearly decreased in MPTP, but showed an increase in MPTP+DHA group. As a result of this, DHA administration protected dopaminergic neurons as shown by tyrosine hydroxylase immunohistochemistry. In the MPTP+DHA group, GDNF, NTN immunoreactions in dopaminergic neurons were higher than that of the MPTP group. In conclusion, the characterization of GDNF and NTN will certainly help elucidate the mechanism of DHA action, and lead to better strategies for the use of DHA to treat neurodegenerative diseases.
Hypertriglyceridemia-Induced Acute Pancreatitis During Pregnancy: A Case Report; Hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis is a rare and serious condition that places both the mother and the fetus at severe risk for morbidity and mortality. The goal of this case report is to describe the management of a pregnant patient with severely elevated triglycerides in the setting of acute pancreatitis. A 28-year-old female G2P1001 at 29 weeks of gestational age presented with epigastric abdominal pain. A computed tomography scan of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast demonstrated acute interstitial edematous pancreatitis. A lipid panel was performed, revealing a serum triglyceride level of 3,949 mg/dL. Insulin and maternal bowel rest reduced her serum triglyceride levels; however, additional medical therapy including fibrate and statin drugs were initiated to achieve goal levels of triglycerides and improve patient symptoms. The patient ultimately recovered and remained on treatment until delivery. Initial management addresses acute pancreatitis and involves fluid resuscitation, pain control, and bowel rest. Triglyceride-lowering drug therapies are rarely used during pregnancy due to the potential for fetal teratogenicity; however, given the severity of hypertriglyceridemia fenofibrate and atorvastatin were prescribed. Additional medical treatment included insulin, omega-3, and ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid.
The influence of diet on anti-cancer immune responsiveness; Immunotherapy has matured into standard treatment for several cancers, but much remains to be done to extend the reach of its effectiveness particularly to cancers that are resistant within each indication. This review proposes that nutrition can affect and potentially enhance the immune response against cancer. The general mechanisms that link nutritional principles to immune function and may influence the effectiveness of anticancer immunotherapy are examined. This represents also the premise for a research project aimed at identifying the best diet for immunotherapy enhancement against tumours (D.I.E.T project). Particular attention is turned to the gut microbiota and the impact of its composition on the immune system. Also, the dietary patterns effecting immune function are discussed including the value of adhering to a healthy diets such as the Mediterranean, Veg, Japanese, or a Microbiota-regulating diet, the very low ketogenic diet, which have been demonstrated to lower the risk of developing several cancers and reduce the mortality associated with them. Finally, supplements, as omega-3 and polyphenols, are discussed as potential approaches that could benefit healthy dietary and lifestyle habits in the context of immunotherapy.
Docosanoids are multifunctional regulators of neural cell integrity and fate: Significance in aging and disease; The identification of neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), a biosynthetic product of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), in brain and retina as well as the characterization of its bioactivity, is generating a renewed interest in the functional role and pathophysiological significance of omega-3 fatty acids in the central nervous system.
Apoptotic changes in the aged brain are triggered by interleukin-1β-induced activation of p38 and reversed by treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid; Among the several changes that occur in the aged brain is an increase in the concentration of the proinflammatory cytokine interleukin-10 that is coupled with a deterioration in cell function. This study investigated the possibility that treatment with the polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid might prevent interleukin-1beta-induced deterioration in neuronal function. Assessment of four markers of apoptotic cell death, cytochrome c translocation, caspase-3 activation, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase cleavage, and terminal dUTP nick-end staining, revealed an age-related increase in each of these measures, and the evidence presented indicates that treatment of aged rats with eicosapentaenoate reversed these changes as well as the accompanying increases in interleukin-1beta concentration and p38 activation. The data are consistent with the idea that activation of p38 plays a significant role in inducing the changes described since interleukin-1beta-induced activation of cytochrome c translocation and caspase-3 activation in cortical tissue in vitro were reversed by the p38 inhibitor SB203580. The age-related increases in interleukin-1beta concentration and p38 activation in cortex were mirrored by similar changes in hippocampus. These changes were coupled with an age-related deficit in long term potentiation in perforant path-granule cell synapses, while eicosapentaenoate treatment was associated with reversal of age-related changes in interleukin-1beta and p38 and with restoration of long term potentiation.
Lipidomic analysis of human corneal epithelial cells exposed to ocular irritants highlights the role of phospholipid and sphingolipid metabolisms in detergent toxicity mechanisms; Detergent chemicals, widely used in household products, in pharmaceutical, medical, cosmetic and industrial fields, have been linked to side effects and involved in several eye diseases. On the ocular surface, detergents can interfere with the corneal epithelium, the most superficial layer of the cornea, representing a line of defence against external aggression. Despite its major role in numerous biological functions, there is still little data regarding disruption of lipid homeostasis induced by ocular irritants. To this purpose, a lipidomic analysis using UPLC-HRMS/MS-ESI +/- was performed on human corneal epithelial (HCE) cells incubated with three widely known ocular irritants: benzalkonium chloride (BAK), sodium lauryl sulfate (SLS) and Triton X-100 (TXT). We found that these ocular irritants lead to a profound modification of the HCE cell lipidome. Indeed, the cell content of ceramide species increased widely while plasmalogens containing polyunsaturated fatty acid species, especially docosahexaenoic acids, decreased. Furthermore, these irritants upregulated the activity of phospholipase A2. The present study demonstrates that BAK, SLS and TXT induced disruption of the cell lipid homeostasis, highlighting that lipids mediate inflammatory and cell death processes induced by detergents in the cornea. Lipidomics may thus be regarded as a valuable tool to investigate new markers of corneal damage. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers; Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments.
Lipid signaling in neural plasticity, brain repair, and neuroprotection; The extensive networking of the cells of the nervous system results in large cell membrane surface areas. We now know that neuronal membranes contain phospholipid pools that are the reservoirs for the synthesis of specific lipid messengers on neuronal stimulation or injury. These messengers in turn participate in signaling cascades that can either promote neuronal injury or neuroprotection. Prostaglandins are synthesized as a result of cyclooxygenase activity. In the first step of the arachidonic acid cascade, the short-lived precursor, prostaglandin H2, is synthesized. Additional steps in the cascade result in the synthesis of an array of prostaglandins, which participate in numerous physiological and neurological processes. Our laboratory recently reported that the membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid, is the precursor of oxygenation products now known as the docosanoids, some of which are powerful counter-proinflammatory mediators. The mediator 10,17S-docosatriene (neuroprotectin D1, NPD1) counteracts leukocyte infiltration, NF-kappa activation, and proinflammatory gene expression in brain ischemia-reperfusion and is an apoptostatic mediator, potently counteracting oxidative stress-triggered apoptotic DNA damage in retinal pigment epithelial cells. NPD1 also upregulates the anti-apoptotic proteins Bc1-2 and Bc1-xL and decreases pro-apoptotic Bax and Bad expression. Another biologically active messenger derived from membrane phospholipids in response to synaptic activity is platelet-activating factor (PAF). The tight regulation of the balance between synthesis (via phospholipases) and degradation (via acetylhydrolases) of PAF modulates the functions of this lipid messenger. Under pathological conditions, this balance is tipped, and PAF becomes a proinflammatory mediator and neurotoxic agent. The newly discovered docosahexaenoic acid signaling pathways, as well as other lipid messengers related to synaptic activation, may lead to the clarification of clinical issues relevant to stroke, age-related macular degeneration, spinal cord injury, Alzheimer's disease, and other diseases that include neuroinflammatory components.
Nutrition, dietary interventions and prostate cancer: the latest evidence; Prostate cancer (PCa) remains a leading cause of mortality in US men and the prevalence continues to rise world-wide especially in countries where men consume a 'Western-style' diet. Epidemiologic, preclinical and clinical studies suggest a potential role for dietary intake on the incidence and progression of PCa. 'This minireview provides an overview of recent published literature with regard to nutrients, dietary factors, dietary patterns and PCa incidence and progression. Low carbohydrates intake, soy protein, omega-3 (w-3) fat, green teas, tomatoes and tomato products and zyflamend showed promise in reducing PCa risk or progression. A higher saturated fat intake and a higher beta-carotene status may increase risk. A 'U' shape relationship may exist between folate, vitamin C, vitamin D and calcium with PCa risk. Despite the inconsistent and inconclusive findings, the potential for a role of dietary intake for the prevention and treatment of PCa is promising. The combination of all the beneficial factors for PCa risk reduction in a healthy dietary pattern may be the best dietary advice. This pattern includes rich fruits and vegetables, reduced refined carbohydrates, total and saturated fats, and reduced cooked meats. Further carefully designed prospective trials are warranted.
Enhancing parenteral nutrition therapy for the neonate; The neonate receiving parenteral nutrition (PN) therapy requires a physiologically appropriate solution in quantity and quality given according to a timely, cost-effective strategy. Maintaining tissue integrity, metabolism, and growth in a neonate is challenging. To support infant growth and influence subsequent development requires critical timing for nutrition assessment and intervention. Providing amino acids to neonates has been shown to improve nitrogen balance, glucose metabolism, and amino acid profiles. In contrast, supplying the lipid emulsions (currently available in the United States) to provide essential fatty acids is not the optimal composition to help attenuate inflammation. Recent investigations with an omega-3 fish oil IV emulsion are promising, but there is need for further research and development. Complications from PN, however, remain problematic and include infection, hepatic dysfunction, and cholestasis. These complications in the neonate can affect morbidity and mortality, thus emphasizing the preference to provide early enteral feedings, as well as medication therapy to improve liver health and outcome. Potential strategies aimed at enhancing PN therapy in the neonate are highlighted in this review, and a summary of guidelines for practical management is included.
NEW ANTITHROMBOTIC STRATEGIES FOR RESISTANT THROMBOTIC PROCESSES; Life-threatening thrombo-occlusive events producing heart attacks and strokes develop in patients at sites of atherosclerotic arterial stenoses when plaques rupture, a process resistant to both aspirin and heparin. Resistant thrombotic complications are also troublesome during therapeutic thrombolytic or mechanical interventions for symptomatic atherosclerotic vascular disease, including angioplasty, various types of atherectomies, endarterectomy, endovascular stent deployment, or implanted small caliber vascular grafts. In this review therapeutic strategies for more effective management of these resistant, platelet-dependent, occlusive thrombi are discussed, including: a) inhibition of platelet recruitment by anti-GPIIb/IIIa monoclonal antibodies, naturally occurring peptides containing RGD sequences, or synthetic competitive analogs; b) direct inactivation of thrombin bound to thrombus by natural or synthetic antithrombin peptides; c) interruption of thrombin's production by natural or synthetic antagonists of Factor Xa or extrinsic and intrinsic coagulation pathways; and d) elimination of thrombogenicity at sites of vascular injury by immediately restoring confluent endothelium or prior therapy with dietary n-3 fatty acids. However, antagonists of both GPIIb/IIIa- and thrombin-dependent platelet recruitment produce equivalent inhibition of thrombus formation and platelet hemostatic function. Interestingly, hemostasis is spared by therapies that inhibit thrombin's production. Recommendations for development strategies are related to the relative hemostatic risks and antithrombotic benefits.
EFFECT OF DIETARY-FAT ON TUMORIGENESIS IN THE MOUSE MAMMARY-GLAND; The effects of dietary polyunsaturated fat in BALB/c mice were determined for several stages of mammary tumorigenesis; growth of intact and transplanted normal mammary tissue, growth of hyperplastic alveolar nodule (HAN) lines D1/UCD and Z5C1, incidence of tumors occuring in D1/UCD, and growth rate of the tumors. Growth of transplanted normal mammary epithelium as well as intact glands was faster in mice fed a 10% corn oil (CO) diet, which contains linoleate, than in those fed 10% hydrogenated cottonseed oil (HCTO), a diet free of the polyunsaturated fatty acid. Apparently, transplantation itself does not alter the response of mammary tissue to dietary fat. The growth of both HAN lines was unchanged by the presence of CO in the diet. For ascertainment as to whether the difference in response was specific to the tissue, ducts and HAN line D1/UCD were transplanted into left and right gland-free fat pads of the same mice. The duct tissue grew faster when the hosts were fed the 10% CO diet than in the hosts fed the 10% HCTO diet; no effect of dietary  fat was noted with the HAN. Although indomethacin retarded the growth of normal tissue in the mice fed CO diet, this prostaglandin inhibitor had no effect on the growth of the HAN transplants. Both incidence and growth rate of tumors arising from transplants of HAN line D1/UCD were greater in mice fed diets containing either 0.3, 1 or 10% CO than in those fed 10% HCTO. The smaller number of tumors arising in mice fed with 10% HCTO diet may be the result of the slower growth rate of the  neoplasms in mice fed diets devoid of lineolate.
Increased oxidative stress and renal injury in patients with sepsis; Sepsis remains one of the leading causes of death in intensive care units. The early phase of sepsis is characterized by a massive formation of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species such as superoxide and nitric oxide. However, few comprehensive studies on plasma antioxidants have been reported. Increased oxidative stress was confirmed in sepsis patients (n = 18) at the time of hospitalization by a significant decrease in plasma ascorbic acid and a significant increase in the percentage of oxidized form of coenzyme Q10 in total coenzyme Q10 compared to age-matched healthy controls (n = 62). Tissue oxidative damage in patients was suggested by a significant decrease in polyunsaturated fatty acid contents and a significant increase in oleic acid contents in total free fatty acids. Thus, it is reasonable that plasma uric acid (end product of purines) would be significantly elevated. However, uric acid levels were continuously decreased during hospitalization for 7 days, indicating a continuous formation of peroxynitrite. A greater decrease in free cholesterol (FC) compared to cholesterol esters (CE) was observed. Thus, the FC/CE ratio significantly increased, suggesting deficiency of lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase secreted from the liver. Plasma levels of prosaposin, a coenzyme Q10 binding protein, significantly decreased as compared to healthy controls. This may be correlated with renal injury in sepsis patients, since the kidney is thought to be a major secretor of prosaposin.
Various Acylglycerols from Common Oils Exert Different Antitumor Activities on Colorectal Cancer Cells; Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of death in Western countries; therefore, the implementation of healthy dietary habits in order to prevent its occurrence is a desirable action. We show here that both free fatty acids (FFAs) and some acylglycerols induce antitumoral actions in the colorectal cancer cell line HT-29. We tested several C18 polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched oils (e.g., sunflower and Echium) as well as other oils, such as arachidonic acid-enriched (Arasco (R)) and docosahexaenoic acid-enriched (Marinol (R) and cod liver oil), in addition to coconut and olive oils. The 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide test indicated inhibitory effects on HT-29 cells viability for FFAs, and monoacylglycerol and diacylglycerol (DAG) species, while the lactate dehydrogenase test proved that FFAs were the more effective species to induce membrane injury. Conversely, all species did not exhibit actions on CCD-18 normal human colon cells viability.Furthermore, transmission electron microscopy showed the presence of necrosis and apoptosis, while the monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL) inhibition test demonstrated high activity for 2-monoacylglycerols derived from Arasco and sunflower oils. However, different monoacylglycerols and DAGs have also the potential for MAGL inhibition. Therefore, checking for activity on colon cancer cells of specifically designed acylglycerol-derivative species would be a suitable way to design functional foods destined to avoid colorectal cancer initiation.
How can we integrate nutritional support in medical oncology?; Malnutrition concerns 20% of cancer patients. It is an independent risk factor for morbidity and mortality. And nutritional support has to be integrated in anti-cancer treatment project, and could improve the prognosis and quality of life. Two axes in cancer cachexia care could be identified: nutritional and pharmacological. The first level of care includes dietetic counselling and oral nutritional supplements. When oral intakes are less 60% of needs, we have to use artificial nutrition, enteral if digestive tract is functional, otherwise parenteral nutrition. Immunonutrition in oncology concerns omega-3 fatty acids, some amino acids (arginine, glutamine, polyamins), the anti-oxidant micronutrients. Their indications and contraindications begin to emerge in oncology. Among molecules usefull in cancer cachexia, numerous were tested for their orexigen effect. The only ones, megestrol acetate and corticosteroids proved their efficacy in short cures. Today, nutrition is not any more palliative care but has to be included in anticancer treatment plan. According to the degree of malnutrition or malnutrition risk, different levels of nutritional support could be purposed. And immunonutrition could improve beneficial effects of nutritional support during cancer chemotherapy or radiotherapy..
Lipid Disorders in Uremia and Dialysis; Treatment of cholesterol in people with advanced stage chronic kidney disease (CKD) clearly reduces cardiovascular risk; however, it does not significantly slow nephropathy progression. Moreover, cholesterol reduction does not reduce mortality in people on dialysis. In general, cholesterol reduction is very important for reducing cardiovascular risk in people with GFR values >15 ml/min who are not on dialysis. There are many reasons for the lack cardiovascular risk reduction with cholesterol lowering in dialysis patients including a defective HDL and higher than usual oxidation rates of LDL. The reviews some of the biochemistry of lipids in uremia and discusses the randomized trial data that support these statements and provides greater detail regarding use of statin in patients with stages 4 and 5 CKD. Caution should be used in dosing statins in stage 3b or higher CKD. Specifically, all statins except for atorvastatin and pravastatin need dose reductions due to safety issues. Given the more 'metabolic syndrome like' profile of lipids in stage 5 CKD adjunctive methods such as fibrates and omega-3 is discussed, however no good data are available in this group on outcomes with these agents. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Beneficial Effects of Walnuts on Cognition and Brain Health; Oxidative stress and neuroinflammation have important roles in the aging process, mild cognitive impairment (MCI), Alzheimer's disease (AD), and other brain disorders. Amyloid beta protein (A beta) is the main component of amyloid plaques in the brains of people with AD. Several studies suggest that A beta increases the generation of free radicals in neurons, which leads to oxidative damage and cell death. A beta can also induce neuroinflammation by increasing pro-inflammatory cytokines and enzymes. Walnuts contain several components that have antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. Animal and human studies from our and other groups suggest that supplementation with walnuts in the diet may improve cognition and reduce the risk and/or progression of MCI and AD. In the transgenic AD mouse model (AD-tg), we have reported the beneficial effects of a diet with walnuts on memory, learning, motor coordination, anxiety, and locomotor activity. Human clinical trials have also suggested an association of walnut consumption with better cognitive performance and improvement in memory when compared to baseline in adults. Our recent study in AD-tg mice has shown that a walnut-enriched diet significantly improves antioxidant defense and decreases free radicals' levels, lipid peroxidation, and protein oxidation when compared to a control diet without walnuts. These findings suggest that a diet with walnuts can reduce oxidative stress by decreasing the generation of free radicals and by boosting antioxidant defense, thus resulting in decreased oxidative damage to lipids and proteins. An in vitro study with synthetic A beta showed that walnut extract can inhibit A beta fibrillization and solubilize the preformed A beta fibrils, suggesting an anti-amyloidogenic property of walnuts. Because it takes many years for cognitive impairment and dementia to develop, we suggest that early and long-term dietary supplementation with walnuts may help to maintain cognitive functions and may reduce the risk of developing, or delay the onset and/or slow the progression of, MCI and dementia by decreasing A beta fibrillization, reducing oxidative damage, increasing antioxidant defense, and decreasing neuroinflammation. Furthermore, several animal and human studies have suggested that walnuts may also decrease the risk or progression of other brain disorders such as Parkinson's disease, stroke, and depression, as well as of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Together, these reports suggest the benefits of a walnut-enriched diet in brain disorders and in other chronic diseases, due to the additive or synergistic effects of walnut components for protection against oxidative stress and inflammation in these diseases.
Oleic acid modulation of the immune response in wound healing: A new approach for skin repair; Injury triggers inflammatory responses and tissue repair. Several treatments are currently in use to accelerate healing: however, more efficient formulations are still needed for specific injuries. Since unsaturated fatty acids modulate immune responses, we aimed to evaluate their therapeutic effects on wound healing. Skin wounds were induced in BALB/c mice and treated for 5 days with n-3, n-9 fatty acids or vehicle (control). n-9 treated mice presented smaller wounds than control and n-3 at 120 h post-surgery (p.s.). Collagen III mRNA,TIMP1 and MMP9 were significantly elevated in n-9 group compared to n-3 or vehicle at 120 h p.s. Among the inflammatory mediators studied we found that IL-10, TNF-alpha and IL-17 were also higher in n-9 treated group compared to n-3 or vehicle at 120 h p.s. Interestingly, COX2 had decreased expression on wound tissue treated with n-9. Inflammatory infiltrate analysis revealed diminished frequency of CD4(+), CD8(+) and CD11b(+) cells in n-9 wounds at 24 and 120 h p.s., which was not related to cell death, since in vitro apoptosis experiments did not show any cell damage after fatty acids administration. These results suggested that unsaturated fatty acids, specifically n-9, modulate the inflammation in the wound and enhance reparative response in vivo. n-9 may be a useful tool in the treatment of cutaneous wounds. (C) 2010 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Micronutrients, Phytochemicals and Mediterranean Diet: A Potential Protective Role against COVID-19 through Modulation of PAF Actions and Metabolism; The new coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is an emerging situation with high rates of morbidity and mortality, in the pathophysiology of which inflammation and thrombosis are implicated. The disease is directly connected to the nutritional status of patients and a well-balanced diet is recommended by official sources. Recently, the role of platelet activating factor (PAF) was suggested in the pathogenesis of COVID-19. In the present review several micronutrients (vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin D, selenium, omega-3 fatty acids, and minerals), phytochemicals and Mediterranean diet compounds with potential anti-COVID activity are presented. We further underline that the well-known anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic actions of the investigated nutrients and/or holistic dietary schemes, such as the Mediterranean diet, are also mediated through PAF. In conclusion, there is no single food to prevent coronavirus Although the relationship between PAF and COVID-19 is not robust, a healthy diet containing PAF inhibitors may target both inflammation and thrombosis and prevent the deleterious effects of COVID-19. The next step is the experimental confirmation or not of the PAF-COVID-19 hypothesis.
ANALYSIS OF <i>TRANS</i> FATTY ACID CONTENT IN DEEP FRIED FOODS, MILK AND DAIRY PRODUCTS BY ATTENUATED TOTAL REFLECTION - FOURIER TRANSFORM INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY; The unsaturated fatty acid which has double bond in the trans configuration is called trans fatty acid (TFA). TFAs are found mostly in partially hydrogenated vegetable oil which are commonly used in food process, especially in deep fried foods. It is because of high stability during deep-frying. Moreover, naturally occurring TFAs are found in milk and lipid tissues of ruminant. Several researchers showed that high consumption of diet containing high TFAs were associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease. Therefore, this study was conducted to investigate the TFA content in fifteen samples of deep fried foods and eighteen samples of milk and dairy products which were available in Bangkok area between February 2009 to September 2009, using attenuated total reflection fourier transform infrared spectroscopy. The total TFA content in this study expressed as grams of TFA content per 100 grams of food sample in eleven groups of foods were as follows: fried chicken from well-known fast food 0.08 - 0.14, fried chicken from street vender 0.01 - 0.02, french fries 0.05 - 0.10, deep fried dough stick (pa-tong-koh) 0.01 - 0.15, deep fried banana (kluay-kag) ND - 0.02, pasteurized milk 0.13 - 0.24, UHT milk 0.09 - 0.25, ice-cream 0.04 - 1.00, whipping cream 1.54 - 2.26, cheese 1.38 - 2.14 and butter 2.06 - 6.99. The mean TFA values in all selected foods ranged from 0.01 - 6.99 g/100 g food. In milk and dairy products, the highest content of TFAs was found in the selected brand of butter (6.99 g/100 g food). From the present study, deep fried food category exhibited low TFA content. However, consumers should avoid or limit consuming this food because it contains high fat and may have some harmful compounds, which occurs during frying.
Diet and experimental colorectal cancer; National and international geographic variations in the incidence and mortality rates of colorectal cancer along with changes in prevalence among migrant populations would suggest that environmental factors have a role in the aetiology of this disease. Animal models of chemically induced colonic carcinogenesis have been widely used to assess the effect of dietary components such as fat and fibre. These studies have shown that the type of fat is important. Polyunsaturated vegetable oils rich in omega-6 fatty acids have a promotional role whereas fish oil rich in omega-3 fatty acids has no promotional effect and may even inhibit tumour formation. Studies of the effect of fibres have shown that insoluble dietary fibres such as wheat bran and cellulose may have a protective role. However, soluble fibres such as pectin and psyllium offer little protection and in fact carrageenan may have a promotional effect. It has been suggested that phytic acid (inosital hexaphosphate), a component of many fibre-rich diets, rather than fibre per se, has a role in the suppression of colonic carcinogenesis. Despite conflicting evidence, it may be plausible to advocate a high fibre, low fat diet as a measure of secondary prevention of colorectal cancer.
CNS Delivery and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Intranasally Administered Cyclosporine-A in Cationic Nanoformulations; The main objective of this study was to develop and evaluate the CNS delivery efficiency, distribution, therapeutic efficacy, and safety of cyclosporine A (CSA) using a cationic oil-in-water nanoemulsion system upon intranasal administration. An omega-3 fatty acid-rich, flaxseed oil-based nanoemulsion was used for intranasal delivery to the brain, and further magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was used to evaluate and confirm the transport of the positively charged CSA nanoemulsion (CSA-NE) in CNS. Furthermore, the anti-inflammatory potential of CSA peptide was evaluated using the lipopolysaccharide (LPS) model of neuroinflammation in rats. CSA-NE showed a good safety profile when tested in vitro in RPMI 2650 cells. Upon intranasal administration in rats, the nanoemulsion delivery system showed higher uptake in major regions of the brain based on changes in MRI T-1 (longitudinal relaxation time) values. Additionally, CSA nanoemulsion showed improved therapeutic efficacy by inhibiting proinflammatory cytokines in the LPS-stimulated rat model of neuroinflammation compared with solution formulation. Preliminary safety evaluations show that the nanoemulsion system was well tolerated and did not cause any acute negative effects in rats. Based on these results, intranasal delivery of CSA and other "neuroprotective peptides" may provide a clinically translatable strategy for treating neurologic diseases.
The flaxseed role as cholesterol reducing agent and weight loss; Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) is widely used by the population as a functional food, because it is rich in linolenic acid, lignans, and dietary fibers, which are related to cholesterol control, increasing satiety and consequently weight loss, and reducing the incidence of various diseases, including cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of daily intake of ground golden flaxseed on lipid and anthropometric profile; and to apply a questionnaire to assess the implications of this on the health of volunteers. For this purpose, 20 volunteers were instructed to ingest 20g of ground golden flaxseed, daily, for 60 days. Total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides and BMI were determined before and after the flaxseed supplementation. For the biochemical parameters, no significant differences were observed in the established period. Nevertheless, it was found significant BMI reduction in 10% of the volunteers after 60 days of seeds ingestion. Supplementation with flaxseed was well accepted by the participants, who reported the benefits, such as intestinal regulation (75%), energy source (25%), weight loss (15%) and reduction of PMS or menopause symptoms (54%). Possibly the flaxseeds administration for a longer time, combined with physical activity and a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids might reduce triglycerides and cholesterol.
Atherosclerosis in parrots. A review; Atherosclerosis is a common disease in parrots. The disease is found in all common parrot species,, but especially in African Grey parrots and Amazons. It is a disease of older birds that is seen in both males and females. The most common sign is sudden death, but clinical symptoms that can be found include dyspnea, lethargy and nervous signs, such as paresis and collapses. Because the clinical signs are seldomly seen, it is difficult to diagnose atherosclerosis and therefore it is mostly an unexpected finding at necropsy. Age and species are determinants of atherosclerosis in parrots. Suggested risk factors include an elevated plasma cholesterol level, diet composition, social stress and inactivity, but research is needed to confirm this.
Nutrition, Genes, and Age-Related Macular Degeneration: What Have We Learned from the Trials?; The Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS) and AREDS2 provided evidence for treating persons with age-related macular degeneration (AMD) with antioxidant vitamins and minerals to reduce the risk of development of late AMD. The AREDS2 data suggest that the beta-carotene in the original AREDS supplements be replaced by lutein and zeaxanthin, providing a safer drug for those who are smokers or former smokers. Even though consuming fish reduced the risk of AMD in observational studies, the AREDS2 results showed that omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid) had no beneficial effect on AMD. Despite the major progress in the discovery of gene variants associated with AMD, the use of genetic testing to predict disease has not been clinically useful. The use of genetic testing prior to AMD therapies such as administering AREDS supplements is not recommended by the American Academy of Ophthalmology and other organizations. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Long lifespans have evolved with long and monounsaturated fatty acids in birds; The evolution of lifespan is a central question in evolutionary biology, begging the question why there is so large variation among taxa. Specifically, a central quest is to unravel proximate causes of ageing. Here, we show that the degree of unsaturation of liver fatty acids predicts maximum lifespan in 107 bird species. In these birds, the degree of fatty acid unsaturation is positively related to maximum lifespan across species. This is due to a positive effect of monounsaturated fatty acid content, while polyunsaturated fatty acid content negatively correlates with maximum lifespan. Furthermore, fatty acid chain length unsuspectedly increases with maximum lifespan independently of degree of unsaturation. These findings tune theories on the proximate causes of ageing while providing evidence that the evolution of lifespan in birds occurs in association with fatty acid profiles. This suggests that studies of proximate and ultimate questions may facilitate our understanding of these central evolutionary questions.
Fish consumption among young overweight European adults and compliance to varying seafood content in four weight loss intervention diets; Background: Fish is considered an important part of a healthy diet and is frequently recommended as a main course at lease twice a week.
EFFECT OF POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS ON THE GROWTH OF FISH CELLS IN CULTURE; 1.  The effects on growth of supplementing the medium with (n-3) and (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were investigated in Atlantic salmon (AS) and turbot (TF) cell lines.
Dyslipidemia and cardiovascular risk: the importance of early prevention; Strategies aimed at primary prevention provide an outstanding opportunity for reducing the onset and burden of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Lipid abnormalities, including high levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), elevated triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), are associated with an increased risk of CV events, thereby serving as contributors to this process. By consensus, lowering LDL-C, generally with statin therapy, is the primary target of lipid-lowering therapy. However, statin therapy may be insufficient for patients with mixed dyslipidemia, especially those with insulin resistance syndromes. While the addition of niacin, fibrate or omega-3 fatty acids may be useful in this setting, outcomes data are lacking. Therefore, data from ongoing prospective studies will hopefully resolve this issue and facilitate identification of optimal strategies to augment CV risk reduction.
Vascular factors and depression; Objective This paper examines possible mechanisms that may explain the bi-directional relationship between vascular disease and depression.
Blood mercury level and blood pressure among US women: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2000; Exposure to mercury has been linked to elevations in blood pressure (BP), though few data are available. We examined the cross-sectional relationship between blood mercury concentration and BP in a representative US sample of 1240 women, aged 16-49 years, from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2000. We found no association overall between mercury and BP in multivariate models. We stratified our data by dietary fish intake (presumably reflecting the consumption of long-chain n-3 fatty acids that may reduce BP) resulting in 759 fish consumers and 481 non-fish consumers. We found that for each 1.3 mug/L (interquartile distance) increase in mercury, systolic BP significantly increased by 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.36, 3.30) among non-fish consumers. A similar pattern was seen for diastolic BP, although it was non-significant. While an adverse effect of mercury exposure at background levels on BP was not present overall, an adverse association was present among non-fish-consuming young and middle-aged women. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid composition of polar and neutral lipid fractions of <i>Octopus vulgaris</i> Cuvier, 1797 paralarvae reared with enriched on-grown <i>Artemia</i>; Rearing of common octopus Octopus vulgaris is limited by the lack of success during the paralarval stage, with generalized mortalities occurring before the settlement of the juveniles. The use of on-grown Artemia cultured with the microalga Isochrysis galbana and further enriched with Nannochloropsis sp. has led to a certain degree of success. The present work aims at studying the effects of this rearing protocol (Nanno) on the fatty acid composition of paralarvae, by comparison with a diet based on on-grown Artemia further enriched with a high polyunsaturated fatty acid oil emulsion (M70). After 28 days, survival was estimated at 3% for M70 and 22.5% for Nanno, whereas the average dry weight was not significantly different (Nanno: 1.76 +/- 0.28 mg; M70: 1.88 +/- 0.22 mg). Although apparently no clear association between the fatty acid composition of the enriched preys and that of the total lipids of paralarvae could be established, further fractionation and fatty acid analysis of the total lipids into polar and neutral classes, followed by principal components analysis, revealed that irrespective of the diet, both lipid fractions showed distinct fatty acid patterns. Besides, the fatty acid composition of the polar lipids was more conservative, whereas that of the neutral lipids was more influenced by the diet, showing more variation among dietary treatments.
Arachidonic acid induction of Rho-mediated transendothelial migration in prostate cancer; Background: Bone metastases in prostate cancer (CaP) result in CaP-related morbidity/mortality. The omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid (AA) and lipophilic statins affect metastasis-like behaviour in CaP cells, regulating the critical metastatic step of CaP migration to the bone marrow stroma.
Role of Oxidative Stress in the Mechanisms of Anthracycline-Induced Cardiotoxicity: Effects of Preventive Strategies; Anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity (AIC) persists as a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in cancer survivors. Although many protective strategies have been evaluated, cardiotoxicity remains an ongoing threat. The mechanisms of AIC remain unclear; however, several pathways have been proposed, suggesting a multifactorial origin. When the central role of topoisomerase 2 beta in the pathophysiology of AIC was described some years ago, the classical reactive oxygen species (ROS) hypothesis shifted to a secondary position. However, new insights have reemphasized the importance of the role of oxidative stress-mediated signaling as a common pathway and a critical modulator of the different mechanisms involved in AIC. A better understanding of the mechanisms of cardiotoxicity is crucial for the development of treatment strategies. It has been suggested that the available therapeutic interventions for AIC could act on the modulation of oxidative balance, leading to a reduction in oxidative stress injury. These indirect antioxidant effects make them an option for the primary prevention of AIC. In this review, our objective is to provide an update of the accumulated knowledge on the role of oxidative stress in AIC and the modulation of the redox balance by potential preventive strategies.
Advances in the biology of lung cancer chemoprevention; The heavy burden of lung cancer, which includes the highest worldwide mortality of any cancer, and its resistance to standard approaches (smoking cessation, screening, and therapy), have motivated an intense interest in chemoprevention of this disease. Randomized controlled trials of agents (including retinoids, beta-carotene, and vitamin E) to prevent lung cancer have produced only disappointing clinical results to date. New, molecular-targeted approaches are advancing rapidly, however, with many promising targets and interactive signaling pathways for developing novel agents and combinatorial approaches in this setting. This promise is illustrated by recent studies of 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase, which plays a critical role in polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and (like another important target, prostacyclin) is downstream of cyclooxygenase-2. 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase degrades prostaglandin E-2, appears to have tumor suppressor activity, and can be induced both by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma ligands and an epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor. Other important targets/pathways include the insulin-like growth factor axis, phosphoinositide 3-kinase pathway, cyclin D and E family members, and epigenetic events. Defining highest lung cancer risk (eg, establishing molecular risk models through long-term analyses of high-risk cohorts) will facilitate the clinical development of molecular-targeted prevention that will potentially reduce the enormous burden of lung cancer. 2005 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
SOLUBLE EPOXIDE HYDROLASE INHIBITOR ATTENUATES LIPOPOLYSACCHARIDE-INDUCED ACUTE LUNG INJURY AND IMPROVES SURVIVAL IN MICE; Acute lung injury (ALI) is characterized by rapid alveolar injury, vascular leakage, lung inflammation, neutrophil accumulation, and induced cytokines production leading to lung edema. The mortality rate of patients suffering from ALI remains high. Epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) are cytochrome P450-dependent derivatives of polyunsaturated fatty acid with antihypertensive, profibrinolytic, and anti-inflammatory functions. EETs are rapidly hydrated by soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) to their less potent diols. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of sEH inhibitor trifluoromethoxyphenyl propionylpiperidin urea (TPPU) and EETs in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced ALI of mice. Our studies revealed that inhibition of sEH with TPPU attenuated the morphological changes in mice, decreased the neutrophil infiltration to the lung, pro-inflammatory cytokine levels (IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha) in serum and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF), and alveolar capillary leakage (lung wet/dry ratio and total protein concentration in BALF). TPPU improved the survival rate of LPS-induced ALI. In addition, in vitro experiments revealed that both TPPU and EETs (11,12-EET and 14,15-EET) suppressed the expression of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha, and LDH release in RAW264.7 cells. These results indicate that EETs play a role in dampening LPS-induced acute lung inflammation, and suggest that sEH could be a valuable candidate for the treatment of ALI.
Heavy metals: Implications associated to fish consumption; Metals are being utilized of ways in industries and agriculture; particularly heavy metals such as mercury, cadmium, lead and arsenic constitute a significant potential threat to human health because they are associated to many adverse effects on health. The consumption of fish is recommended because it is a good source of omega-3 fatty acids, which have been associated with health benefits due to its cardio-protective effects. However, the content of heavy metals discovered in some fish makes it difficult to establish clearly the role of fish consumption on a healthy diet. Therefore the present mini-review accounts for the recent evidence of the effect of these toxic metals on the human health and their possible implications in fish consumption. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Rats Allowed to Self-Select Zinc-Deficient Lard and Fish-Oil Diets Did Not Develop a Preference for Fish-Oil Diet; Zinc (Zn)-deficiency causes a reduction in food intake and alters adipose metabolism. The effect of zinc restriction in rats on the selection of fish-oil and lard was studied during a period of reduced appetite. The reduction of appetite was caused by an experimentally induced In-deficiency. Four-week-old male rats were divided into three dietary treatment groups: Zn-adequate (ZnA, 30.9 mg Zn/kg), marginal Zn-deficient (ZnM, 5.9 mg Zn/kg) or Zn-deficient (ZnD, 0.9 mg Zn/kg). The three groups were placed on a self-selection regimen of the ZnA-fish-oil diet (ZnA-FD) and the ZnA-lard diet (ZnA-LD), the ZnM-FD and the ZnM-LD or the ZnD-FD and the ZnD-LD, respectively for 24 d. The amount of the FD intake in the ZnD group decreased to 0.5 g/d after day 4-6 of self-selecting on the LD and the FD and no significant increase in the FD intake in the group was observed during the self-selection period. However, after day 7-9 and 13-15, the FD intake of the ZnA and the ZnM groups increased, respectively, and at the end of the self-selection period the ZnM and the ZnA rats consumed about 2.0 g FD/d and 4.5 g FD/d, respectively. The FD intake ratio [FD intake (g)/total intake (g)] in the ZnD rats during the self-selection period was the lowest and that in the ZnA rats was the highest of three groups. In conclusion, we showed that zinc status alters fish-oil and lard selection patterns and ZnD rats did not show a preference for fish-oil.
Chia seeds: an ancient grain trending in modern human diets; Currently, in order to ensure adequate intake of nutrients to complement the normal diet, the consumption of seeds such as Salvia hispanica L. (commonly known as chia seeds) is increasing. For this reason, investigations concerning the composition and potential health effects of chia seeds are being carried out. Moreover, the recent approval of chia seeds as a Novel Food by the European Parliament allows its consumption and incorporation in a wide range of foods; thus, they have become widely available. Concerning their nutritional aspects, chia seeds are an excellent source of fat (20% to 34%), particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic (60%) and linoleic (20%) acids. Moreover, high levels of protein (16% to 26%), mainly prolamins, and dietary fibre contents (23% to 41%) have been reported. Vitamins (mostly B complex) and minerals (calcium, phosphorus, and potassium, among others) have also been described in appreciable amounts. Additionally, due to the absence of gluten, these seeds are appropriate for coeliac patients. Regarding other bioactive compounds, chia seeds are also a source of antioxidants, such as chlorogenic and caffeic acids, quercetin and kaempferol. Due to their described composition, chia seeds have been related to different medicinal effects, particularly anti-inflammatory and antidiabetic activities and positive effects on cardiovascular disease and hypertension. The aim of this paper is to perform a systematic review of chia seeds to provide an update of the knowledge about their morphology, nutritional and chemical composition, possible human health benefits and role as a functional food.
Pharmaconutrition: pharmacological approach to nutrition therapy; Reviewing the literature of nutrition therapy one can conclude that during the last decade the pharmacological action of several nutrients has been demonstrated. However, research activity is still at the beginning and it could be verified in a restricted number of nutrients only that in which conditions (illnesses), dose and duration we can expect therapeutic effect in addition to nutrition. The examples of glutamine, arginine, taurine, leucine, omega-3 fatty acids, however, support the possibility that complex reactions and treatment results observed in certain patients are not purely due to nutritional support but the consequence of additional pharmacological action as well. Evaluation of results of therapeutic intervention is especially difficult because in the everyday practice physicians try to use several therapeutic modalities that can be beneficial for the patient. Therefore, retrospective separation of beneficial components of the therapeutic agents is almost impossible. Only well designed, randomized and multicentric studies can verify specific therapeutic action of certain ingredients ie. nutrients.
Lipid droplets induced by secreted phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> and unsaturated fatty acids protect breast cancer cells from nutrient and lipotoxic stress; Cancer cells driven by the Ras oncogene scavenge unsaturated fatty acids (FAs) from their environment to counter nutrient stress. The human group X secreted phospholipase A(2) (hGX sPLA(2)) releases FAs from membrane phospholipids, stimulates lipid droplet (LD) biogenesis in Ras-driven triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) cells and enables their survival during starvation. Here we examined the role of LDs, induced by hGX sPLA(2) and unsaturated FAs, in protection of TNBC cells against nutrient stress. We found that hGX sPLA(2) releases a mixture of unsaturated FAs, including omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs), from TNBC cells. Starvation-induced breakdown of LDs induced by low micromolar concentrations of unsaturated FAs, including PUFAs, was associated with protection from cell death. Interestingly, adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL) contributed to LD breakdown during starvation, but it was not required for the pro-survival effects of hGX sPLA(2) and unsaturated FAs. High micromolar concentrations of PUFAs, but not OA, induced oxidative stress-dependent cell death in TNBC cells. Inhibition of triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis suppressed LD biogenesis and potentiated PUFA-induced cell damage. On the contrary, stimulation of LD biogenesis by hGX sPLA(2) and suppression of LD breakdown by ATGL depletion reduced PUFA-induced oxidative stress and cell death. Finally, lipidomic analyses revealed that sequestration of PUFAs in LDs by sPLA(2)-induced TAG remodelling and retention of PUFAs in LDs by inhibition of ATGL-mediated TAG lipolysis protect from PUFA lipotoxicity. LDs are thus antioxidant and pro survival organelles that guard TNBC cells against nutrient and lipotoxic stress and emerge as attractive targets for novel therapeutic interventions.
Evaluation of the Amazon River Seasonal Influences on Glycerophospholipids in Wild Fish; Glycerophospholipids (GP) are important lipids of direct relevance to health and disease, and in marine fish, they are often enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) due to marine microorganisms consumption. It has been speculated that the different diets and habitats to which Amazonian fish are exposed can be ascribed to different lipid compositions, differently than those that occur in marine fish. Here, the GP in Amazonian fish is investigated to achieve nutritional value. Using mass spectrometry and multivariate statistical analysis, we investigated the GP composition of muscles and livers from nine species of wild Amazonian fish. GP profiles mainly comprised a diversity of phosphatidylcholines and varied according to eating habits, the season of capture, and tissue metabolism. In this sense, our results may help in the future aquaculture as a potential source of lipid-based nutrient supplementation to supply food to eradicate global hunger.
Plasma fatty acid composition and incidence of coronary heart disease in middle aged adults: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study; Background and Aim: To prospectively investigate the relation of plasma cholesterol ester (CE) and phospholipid (PL) fatty acid (FA) composition with incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD).
Self-Cycling Free Radical Generator from LDH-Based Nanohybrids for Ferroptosis-Enhanced Chemodynamic Therapy; Nonapoptotic ferroptosis has been a novel form of programmed cell death, which provides a new solution to enrich the anticancer treatment efficacy of traditional apoptotic therapeutic modality. Herein, a novel nanohybrid is designed by loading the PEG-encapsulated Artemisinin (denoted as A@P) on the ultrathin MgFe-LDH nanosheets (denoted as uLDHs) for improved chemodynamic therapy (CDT). The A@P/uLDHs cannot only realize the self-assembly between the Art and carrier but also be regarded as free radical generator. A comprehensive mechanistic study suggests that this unique A@P/uLDHs is able to in situ activate Art and self-cycling generate toxic C-centered free radical inside the cancer cells, without depending on abundant H2O2, accompanied with diminished cancerous antioxidation by depleting glutathione (GSH). The accumulation of ROS and depletion of GSH can further oxidize unsaturated fatty acid to generate lipid peroxide, whose overexpression can induce cell ferroptosis accompanied by cellular iron homeostasis turbulence. Both in vitro and in vivo results exhibit that A@P/uLDHs are an efficient nanoagent for highly efficient ferroptosis-enhanced CDT treatment. This work imparts the promising new visions about the ferroptosis-enhanced CDT via fine regulation of material design for improved cancer treatments.
Diet quality among US-born and foreign-born non-Hispanic blacks: NHANES 2003-2012 data; Background: Non-Hispanic blacks in the United States are less likely to not meet national dietary recommendations than non-Hispanic whites; however, most studies do not consider nativity of US blacks.
Serum deprivation alters lipid profile in HN9.10e embryonic hippocampal cells; The understanding of the mechanism of apoptosis is important to improve the use of stem cells for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders. Sphingolipids are bioactive molecules involved in the regulation of cell fate. In HN9.10e embryonic hippocampal cells, serum deprivation induces apoptosis preceded by sphingomyelinase activation and raise of ceramide levels. Increasing evidence indicates that individual ceramide species regulated by specific pathways in distinct subcellular compartments might carry out distinct cellular functions, but the ceramides species involved in embryonic hippocampal cell death induced by growth factor deprivation are unknown. In the present paper, by using the UFLC-MS/MS methodology, we have investigated the effect of serum deprivation on the lipid profile in HN9.10e cells. At 48 h of serum deprivation, we detected a decrease in cholesterol and increase in sphingosine-1-phoshate 18:1, phosphatidylcholine 18:1 18:0, sphingomyelin 18:1 16:0 and in ceramides 18:1 16:0; we also found an increase in saturated/unsaturated fatty acid ratio in sphingomyelin. We hypothesize that the rearrangement of sphingo- and glycerolipids with increase of saturated fatty acids in serum-deprivated, neural cells might represent a cellular response aimed at holding cholesterol inside the cells. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Suppressive mechanisms of EPA on human T cell proliferation; In vivo and in vitro experiments show that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) inhibit mitogen- or antigen-stimulated proliferation of T cells in rodents and humans. However, the exact manner and mechanisms by which PUFA inhibits T cell proliferation is not clear. In the present study, we investigated the suppressive effects of EPA, an n-3 PUFA, on PHA stimulated human peripheral blood T cells, Our results showed that EPA suppresses mitogen- or antigen-stimulated human T cell proliferation by at least 2 steps; step 1) EPA suppresses T cell proliferation by inhibiting IL-2R alpha expression and IL-2 production; step 2) EPA induces cell death of blast T cells without reducing the expression of IL-2R alpha. We also showed that EPA selectively stimulates the cell death of blast T cells but not resting T cells, The suppressive effect of EPA was mediated via the production of reactive oxygen products, because EPA-stimulated H2O2 production and the suppressive effect of EPA was restored by addition of catalase or NAG. These results taken together suggest that such immunosuppressive effects of EPA may explain the apparent benefits of EPA-enriched diets for patients with inflammatory disorders.
Toward optimizing vision and cognition in term infants by dietary docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acid supplementation: A review of randomized controlled trials; The question of whether a dietary supply of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (ARA) imparts advantages to visual or cognitive development in term infants has been debated for many years. DHA and ARA are present in human milk, and nursing infants consume these fatty acids needed for rapid synthesis of cell membranes, particularly neural cells. The reported mean DHA and ARA levels of human milk worldwide are 0.32% and 0.47% of total fatty acids, respectively. Prior to 2002 in the US, formula-fed infants did not receive these fatty acids and relied solely on endogenous conversion of the dietary essential omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) fatty acids, a-linolenic and linoleic acids, to DHA and ARA, respectively. Formula-fed infants were found to have significantly less accretion of DHA in brain cortex after death than breastfed infants. Numerous studies have found positive correlations between blood DHA levels and improvements in cognitive or visual function outcomes of breastfed and formula-fed infants. Results of randomized controlled clinical trials of term formula-fed infants evaluating functional benefits of dietary DHA and ARA have been mixed, likely due to study design heterogeneity. A comparison of visual and cognitive outcomes in these trials suggests that dietary DHA level is particularly relevant. Trials with formulas providing close to the worldwide human milk mean of 0.32% DHA were more likely to yield functional benefits attributable to DHA. We agree with several expert groups in recommending that infants receive at least 0.3% DHA, with at least 0.3% ARA, in infant feedings; in addition, some clinical evidence suggests that an ARA:DHA ratio greater than 1:1 is associated with improved cognitive outcomes. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Accelerated phosphatidylcholine turnover in macrophages promotes adipose tissue inflammation in obesity; White adipose tissue (WAT) inflammation contributes to the development of insulin resistance in obesity. While the role of adipose tissue macrophage (ATM) pro-inflammatory signalling in the development of insulin resistance has been established, it is less clear how WAT inflammation is initiated. Here, we show that ATMs isolated from obese mice and humans exhibit markers of increased rate of de novo phosphatidylcholine (PC) biosynthesis. Macrophage-specific knockout of phosphocholine cytidylyltransferase A (CCT alpha), the rate-limiting enzyme of de novo PC biosynthesis pathway, alleviated obesity-induced WAT inflammation and insulin resistance. Mechanistically, CCT alpha-deficient macrophages showed reduced ER stress and inflammation in response to palmitate. Surprisingly, this was not due to lower exogenous palmitate incorporation into cellular PCs. Instead, CCT alpha-null macrophages had lower membrane PC turnover, leading to elevated membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid levels that negated the pro-inflammatory effects of palmitate. Our results reveal a causal link between obesity-associated increase in de novo PC synthesis, accelerated PC turnover and pro-inflammatory activation of ATMs.
Liver alcoholic cirrhosis and spur-cell (acanthocytic) anaemia - A study of erythrocyte ghost composition and fluidity; Background: The occurrence of spur-cell anaemia in the course of cirrhosis is rare. Alterations of the lipid composition and fluidity of erythrocyte (RBC) ghosts may be present and participate in the phenomenon. Methods: A 59-year-old male patient with alcoholic cirrhosis developed severe spur-cell haemolytic anaemia before death. We compared his RBC ghosts with those of 10 cirrhotic patients and used a group of 9 healthy subjects as controls. Results: The cholesterol to protein ratio was higher in cirrhotic patients; besides, they had less unsaturated fatty acid. The ratio of phospholipid phosphorus to protein did nor change; yet, the distribution of phosphorus among phospholipid classes was altered. No difference in 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene fluorescence anisotropy (membrane fluidity) was observed between the ghosts of cirrhotic patients and those of healthy people. However, the ghosts of the patient with spur-cell anaemia were more rigid than those of either group. Conclusions: The values of most variables of cirrhotic patients' ghosts lay between those of healthy subjects and those of the one who developed spur-cell anaemia. It is concluded that some homeostatic mechanisms must control fluidity during cirrhosis; in some cases alterations are particularly great, and fluidity cannot be maintained.
Supplementation with n-3, n-6, n-9 fatty acids in an insulin-resistance animal model: does it improve VLDL quality?; Insulin-resistance (IR), of increased cardiovascular risk, is characterized by the production of altered VLDL with greater atherogenicity. Dietary fatty acids influence the type of circulating VLDL. But, it is not clear how dietary fatty acids impact VLDL characteristics in IR. Aim: to evaluate the effects of n-3, n-6 and n-9 fatty acid supplementation on preventing atherogenic alterations in VLDL, in a diet-induced IR rat model. Male Wistar rats (180-200 g) were fed: standard diet (control, n = 8) and a sucrose rich diet (30% sucrose in water/12 weeks, SRD; n = 24). Simultaneously, SRD was subdivided into SRD-C (standard diet), and three other groups supplemented (15% w/w) with: fish oil (SRD-n3), sunflower oil (SRD-n6) and high oleic sunflower oil (SRD-n9). Lipid profile, free fatty acids, glucose, and insulin were measured. Isolated VLDL (d < 1.006 g ml(-1)) was characterized by chemical composition and size (size exclusion-HPLC). In comparison with SRD-C: SRD-n3 showed an improved lipoprotein profile (p < 0.01), with lower levels of insulin and HOMA-IR (p < 0.05). SRD-n6 showed increased levels of HDL-cholesterol and lower insulin levels. SRD-n9 did not exhibit differences in lipid and IR profile, and even favored weight gain and visceral fat. Only SRD-n3 prevented the alterations in VLDL-TG% (54.2 +/- 4.4% vs. 68.6 +/- 8.2, p < 0.05) and showed lower large VLDL-% (22.5[19.7-35.6] vs. 49.1[15.5-82.0], p < 0.05), while SRD-n6 and SRD-n9 did not show effects. Conclusion: In IR, while n-3 PUFA showed expected favorable effects, supplementation with n-6 PUFA and n-9 MUFA did not prevent atherogenic alterations of VLDL. Thus, the recommendations of supplementation with these fatty acids in general diet should be revised.
Is exclusive breastfeeding and its duration related to cardio respiratory fitness in childhood?; Aims and objective: This study investigated the effect of breastfeeding on cardio respiratory fitness (CRF) in students of Kermanshah, Iran.Methods and materials: In this retrospective cohort study, 246 students with the meanSD age of 7.280.50 years, mean breastfeeding +/- SD duration of 8.20 +/- 10.26 months, and body mass index (BMI) of 16.96 +/- 3.03kg/m(2) participated. Students had no CVD, liver or kidney diseases. Children were categorized in three groups of over 6 months breast-fed (>6 months group), less than 6 months breast-fed (6 months group), and formula group. The physician measured CRF calculating VO2 max; and reported the results as fitness or no fitness. The probable confounders were gender, BMI, fat-free mass, fat mass, mother's BMI, dietary Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acid (PUFA) and folate, beginning time of supplementary nutrition, physical activity, and birth weight.Results: Breastfeeding more than 6 months was positively associated with CRF (p value<0.001) before and after adjustment for confounders. The risk ratio (RR) of no CRF was 3.22 times more than >6 months group. VO2 max (ml/kg/min) was significantly the highest in >6 months group (p value=0.001).Conclusion: Breastfeeding more than 6 months has positive effects on CRF, and the early nutrition may be a predictor for adolescence physical health.
Precision medicine for psychotic disorders: objective assessment, risk prediction, and pharmacogenomics; Psychosis occurs inside the brain, but may have external manifestations (peripheral molecular biomarkers, behaviors) that can be objectively and quantitatively measured. Blood biomarkers that track core psychotic manifestations such as hallucinations and delusions could provide a window into the biology of psychosis, as well as help with diagnosis and treatment. We endeavored to identify objective blood gene expression biomarkers for hallucinations and delusions, using a stepwise discovery, prioritization, validation, and testing in independent cohorts design. We were successful in identifying biomarkers that were predictive of high hallucinations and of high delusions states, and of future psychiatric hospitalizations related to them, more so when personalized by gender and diagnosis. Top biomarkers for hallucinations that survived discovery, prioritization, validation and testing include PPP3CB, DLG1, ENPP2, ZEB2, and RTN4. Top biomarkers for delusions include AUTS2, MACROD2, NR4A2, PDE4D, PDP1, and RORA. The top biological pathways uncovered by our work are glutamatergic synapse for hallucinations, as well as Rap1 signaling for delusions. Some of the biomarkers are targets of existing drugs, of potential utility in pharmacogenomics approaches (matching patients to medications, monitoring response to treatment). The top biomarkers gene expression signatures through bioinformatic analyses suggested a prioritization of existing medications such as clozapine and risperidone, as well as of lithium, fluoxetine, valproate, and the nutraceuticals omega-3 fatty acids and magnesium. Finally, we provide an example of how a personalized laboratory report for doctors would look. Overall, our work provides advances for the improved diagnosis and treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
Non-conventional immunomodulation in the management of sepsis; Sepsis remains a critical global health issue, demanding novel therapeutic strategies. Traditional immunomodulation treatments such as corticosteroids, specific modifiers of cytokines, complement or coagulation, growth factors or immunoglobulins, have so far fallen short. Meanwhile the number of studies investigating nonconventional immunomodulatory strategies is expanding. This review provides an overview of adjunctive treatments with herbal-based medicine, immunonutrition, vasopressors, sedative treatments and targeted temperature management, used to modulate the immune response in patients with sepsis. Herbal-based medicine, notably within traditional Chinese medicine, shows promise. Xuebijing injection and Shenfu injection exhibit anti-inflammatory and immune-modulatory effects, and the potential to lower 28-day mortality in sepsis. Selenium supplementation has been reported to reduce the occurrence of ventilatorassociated pneumonia among sepsis patients, but study results are conflicting. Likewise, the immunesuppressive effects of omega-3 fatty acids have been associated with improved clinical outcomes in sepsis. The immunomodulating properties of supportive treatments also gain interest. Vasopressors like norepinephrine exhibit dual dosage-dependent roles, potentially promoting both pro- and anti-inflammatory effects. Dexmedetomidine, a sedative, demonstrates anti-inflammatory properties, reducing sepsis mortality rates in some studies. Temperature management, particularly maintaining higher body temperature, has also been associated with improved outcomes in small scale human trials. In conclusion, emerging non-conventional immunomodulatory approaches, including herbal medicine, immunonutrition, and targeted supportive therapies, hold potential for sepsis treatment, but their possible implementation into everyday clinical practice necessitates further research and stringent clinical validation in different settings.
Scientific Opinion on health benefits of seafood (fish and shellfish) consumption in relation to health risks associated with exposure to methylmercury; Following a request from the European Commission to address the risks and benefits as regards fish/seafood consumption related to relevant beneficial substances (e.g. nutrients such as n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids) and the contaminant methylmercury, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA) was asked to deliver a Scientific Opinion on health benefits of seafood consumption in relation to health risks associated with exposure to methylmercury. In the present Opinion, the NDA Panel has reviewed the role of seafood in European diets and evaluated the beneficial effects of seafood consumption in relation to health outcomes and population subgroups that have been identified by the FAO/WHO Joint Expert Consultation on the Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption and/or the EFSA Panel on Contaminants in the context of a risk assessment related to the presence of mercury and methylmercury in food as relevant for the assessment. These included the effects of seafood consumption during pregnancy on functional outcomes of children's neurodevelopment and the effects of seafood consumption on cardiovascular disease risk in adults. The Panel concluded that consumption of about 1-2 servings of seafood per week and up to 3-4 servings per week during pregnancy has been associated with better functional outcomes of neurodevelopment in children compared to no consumption of seafood. Such amounts have also been associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease mortality in adults and are compatible with current intakes and recommendations in most of the European countries considered. These associations refer to seafood per se and include beneficial and adverse effects of nutrients and non-nutrients (i.e. including contaminants such as methylmercury) contained in seafood. No additional benefits on neurodevelopmental outcomes and no benefit on coronary heart disease mortality risk might be expected at higher intakes. (C) European Food Safety Authority, 2014
Unsaturated Fatty Acids Promote the Phagocytosis of <i>P-aeruginosa</i> and <i>R-equi</i> by RAW264.7 Macrophages; In the present study, using the murine monocyte/macrophage cell line RAW264.7 as a model system, we analyzed the phagocytosis rate and the bactericidal capacity of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)-enriched macrophages against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Rhodococcus equi. The P. aeruginosa strain ATCC 10145, the virulent R. equi strain ATCC 33701, and the non-virulent R. equi strain ATCC 6939 were examined. Flow cytometric detection of intracellular microorganisms in combination with viability assays were used to determine the impact of PUFA on the number of engulfed, surviving as well as replicating bacteria. Macrophage enrichment with PUFA resulted in an increase of the internalization rate of the microorganisms by the immune cells. Moreover, an impeding action of the unsaturated fatty acids on the intracellular survival rates of the virulent strains P. aeruginosa ATCC 10145 and R. equi ATCC 33701 could be observed. The n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as well as the n-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA) showed the most pronounced effects. Taken together, our data support the idea of supplementing PUFA to immunocompromised individuals as well as to people suffering from chronic infections with P. aeruginosa or R. equi to improve macrophage phagocytic and microbicidal activity.
Melt-clast interaction and power-law size distribution of clasts in pseudotachylytes; Before the onset of melting along frictional interfaces, the wall rocks of seismic faults are crushed to generate a power-law grain-size distribution pattern. Theoretical analysis with the help of numerical models shows that, under conditions of uniform rim melting of the grains, the pre-melting power-law pattern survives in a modified form in the relicts, which occur as clasts in the quenched product, i.e. pseudotachylyte. The size distribution of clasts in experimentally produced as well as natural pseudotachylytes, including those from the Sarwar-Junia fault zone in western India, shows a pattern similar to that predicted by theoretical analysis. A micron-scale mantle of glass +/- microlites around a large number of clasts, and minute beads of glass set within glassy matrix, are the observed evidence of rim melting. Post-melting clast size distribution in the numerical models follows the relationship N proportional to (1 + z/z')(-D), where N is number of clasts of size greater than or equal to z. Size z may be represented by mean diameter r, or sectional area a, or volume v, and D( = D-r, D-a or D-v) is the modified power-law exponent. z' ( = r', a' or nu') is a constant that depends on thickness (omega) of uniform rim melting, and r' = omega, a' = omega(2), and nu' = omega(3). The analysis suggests that the modified power-law clast-size distribution pattern is a characteristic feature of all fault-related pseudotachylytes. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Characterising acute coronary syndrome-associated depression: Let the data speak; Depression in the context of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is understood to confer increased morbidity and mortality risk. The pathophysiological mechanisms underlying this association remain poorly understood, although several candidates including inflammation, cardiac autonomic dysregulation, and behavioural factors are viewed as of key importance. No single bio-behavioural explanatory model of ACS-associated depression has emerged, likely due the substantial heterogeneity across both conditions. We studied 344 patients with ACS; 45 fulfilled diagnostic (DSM-IV) criteria for a major depressive episode occurring within 1-month of ACS, and 13 had ongoing major depression that pre-dated ACS and continued through to 1 month post-ACS. We employed two statistical methods (multinomial logistic regression; and latent class analysis) and a range of immunological, autonomic and nutritional markers in an attempt to characterise a biological basis for ACS-associated depression. Regression modelling failed to accurately predict categorical group membership of ACS-associated depression. An alternative data-driven approach produced a three-class solution, with the derived classes differing on measure of C-reactive protein, vitamin D, omega-6: omega-3 ratio, heart rate variability, and age (all p <= 0.004). The majority of participants with ACS-associated and ongoing depression were members of the class characterised by the greatest biological disturbance. Patients with depression differed from those without depression on a range of psychological trait and state variables; additionally reporting poorer sleep quality, higher levels of social isolation, and functional impairment, but had similar biological profiles. Patients with ongoing depression generally had higher scores on these psychological/behavioural measures. Our novel analytic approach identified a combination of biomarkers suggestive of a role for immune, autonomic, and nutritional pathways in the manifestation of depression during ACS, in the context of additional psychosocial and behavioural vulnerabilities. Further studies are required to confirm the causal role of these factors in perpetuating depression and increasing risk of poor-health outcomes. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Physiological effects of a fish oil supplement on captive juvenile tuatara (<i>Sphenodon punctatus</i>); Tuatara (Sphenodon, Order Sphenodontia) are rare New Zealand reptiles whose conservation involves captive breeding. Wild tuatara eat seabirds, which contain high levels of the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). These fatty acids are absent from the captive diet, and consequently, plasma fatty acid composition of wild and captive tuatara differs. This study investigated the effects of incorporating EPA and DHA into the diet of captive juvenile tuatara (Sphenodon punctatus) in an attempt to replicate the plasma fatty acid composition of wild tuatara. Tuatara receiving a fish oil supplement containing EPA and DHA showed overall changes in their plasma fatty acid composition. Phospholipid EPA and DHA increased markedly, reaching 10.0% and 5.9 mol%, respectively, by 18 mo (cf. less than or equal to 0.9% in controls). A reduced dosage from 18 to 24 mo probably still provided a higher n-3 PUFA content than the diet of wild juveniles. The fish oil supplement had no significant effects over 2 yr on growth rate, food conversion efficiency, or metabolism compared with controls; all juveniles survived and grew. Further study is required to determine whether a fish oil supplement would have long-term benefits for captive tuatara.
Immunonutrition for traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is the leading cause of paediatric trauma death and disability worldwide. The 'Guidelines for the Management of Severe Traumatic Brain Injury (Fourth Edition)' recommend that nutritional goals should be achieved within 5-7 days of injury. Immune-enhancing nutrition or immunonutrition, referring to the addition of specialised nutrients, including glutamine, alanine, omega-3 fatty acids and nucleotides, to standard nutrition formulas, may improve surgical outcomes in the perioperative period. However, the role of immune-enhancing nutritional supplements for patients with paediatric TBI remains unclear. We will conduct a systematic review to determine the efficacy and safety of immunonutrition for patients with paediatric TBI and provide evidence for clinical decision-making. Methods and analysis Studies reporting immune-enhancing nutrition treatments for patients with paediatric TBI will be included. Outcomes of interest include the length of hospital stay, wound infections, all-cause mortality, non-wound infection, including pneumonia, urinary tract infection and bacteraemia, and the reports adverse events. Duration of follow-up has no restriction. Primary studies consisting of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-RCTs will be eligible for this review, and only studies published in English will be included. We will search the Medline, Embase and Cochrane Library databases from their inception dates to January 2020. We will also search clinicaltrials.gov and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform for additional information. Two reviewers will independently select studies and extract data. Risk-of-bias will be assessed with tools based on the Cochrane risk-of-bias criteria and Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. A meta-analysis will be used to pool data when there are suf?cient studies with homogeneity. Heterogeneity of the estimates across studies will be assessed; if necessary, a subgroup analysis will be performed to explore the source of heterogeneity. The Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation method will be applied to assess the level of evidence obtained from this systematic review. Ethics and dissemination The proposed systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus ethical approval is not required. The results of this review will be published. PROSPERO registration number CRD42020154814.
Oxidative stress-induced apoptosis and autophagy: Balancing the contrary forces in spermatogenesis; Spermatogenesis is a complex process in the testis and is a cornerstone of male infertility. The abundance of unsaturated fatty acid and high cell division rate make male germs cells prone to DNA deterioration. ROSmediated oxidative stress triggers DNA damage, autophagy, and apoptosis in male germ cells, which are critical causative factors that lead to male infertility. The complex connection and molecular crosstalk between apoptosis and autophagy is seen at multifaceted levels that interconnect the signaling pathways of these two processes. Multilevel interaction between apoptosis and autophagy is a seamless state of survival and death in response to various stressors. Interaction between multiple genes and proteins such as the mTor signaling pathway, Atg12 proteins, and the death adapter proteins, such as Beclin 1, p53, and Bcl-2 family proteins, validates such a link between these two phenomena. Testicular cells being epigenetically different from somatic cells, undergo numerous significant epigenetic transitions, and ROS modulates the epigenetic framework of mature sperm. Epigenetic deregulation of apoptosis and autophagy under oxidative stress conditions can cause sperm cell damage. The current review recapitulates the current role of prevailing stressors that generate oxidative stress leading to the induction of apoptosis and autophagy in the male reproductive system. Considering the pathophysiological consequences of ROS-mediated apoptosis and autophagy, a combinatorial approach, including apoptosis inhibition and autophagy activation, should be implemented as a therapeutic strategy to treat male idiopathic infertility. Understanding the crosslink between apoptosis and autophagy under stress conditions in male germ cells may play an essential role in developing therapeutic strategies to treat infertility.
Effect of a plant sterol, fish oil and B vitamin combination on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolemic children and adolescents: a pilot study; Background: Assessment of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors can predict clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis in adulthood. In this pilot study with hypercholesterolemic children and adolescents, we investigated the effects of a combination of plant sterols, fish oil and B vitamins on the levels of four independent risk factors for CVD; LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, C-reactive protein and homocysteine.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Alleviates Oxidative Stress-Based Apoptosis Via Improving Mitochondrial Dynamics in Early Brain Injury After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage; Mitochondrial dysfunction is considered a crucial therapeutic target for early brain injury following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). Emerging evidence indicates that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an essential omega-3 fatty acid, protects mitochondria in various chronic diseases. This study aimed to investigate the neuroprotective effects of DHA on mitochondrial dynamic dysfunction after EBI using in vivo and in vitro approaches. For in vivo experiments, the rat endovascular perforation SAH model was performed, whereby DHA was administered intravenously 1 h after induction of SAH. Primary cultured neurons treated with oxyhemoglobin (OxyHb) for 24 h were used to mimic SAH in vitro. Our results demonstrated that DHA improved neurological deficits and reduced brain edema in rats with SAH, and attenuated OxyHb-induced neuronal death in primary cultured cells. DHA reduced the amount of reactive oxygen species-positive cells and improved cell viability when compared to the SAH + vehicle group in vitro. DHA attenuated malondialdehyde levels and superoxide dismutase stress, increased Bcl2 and Bcl-xl, and decreased Bax and cleaved caspase-3 in vivo. Additionally, DHA ameliorated mitochondrial dysfunction, upregulated the mitochondrial fusion-related protein Optic Atrophy 1, and downregulated the mitochondrial fission-related protein Dynamin-Related-Protein 1 (Drp1) and Serine 616 phosphorylated Drp1 after SAH both in vitro and in vivo. Taken together, our current study demonstrates that DHA might prevent oxidative stress-based apoptosis after SAH. The characterization of the underlying molecular mechanisms may further improve mitochondrial dynamics-related signaling pathways.
Baking Reduces Prostaglandin, Resolvin, and Hydroxy-Fatty Acid Content of Farm-Raised Atlantic Salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i>); The consumption of seafood enriched in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is associated with a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease. Several n-3 oxidation products from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) have known protective effects in the vasculature. It is not known whether the consumption of cooked seafood enriched in n-3 PUPA causes appreciable consumption of lipid oxidation products. We tested the hypothesis that baking Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) increases the level of n-3 and n-6 PUFA oxidation products over raw salmon. We measured the contents of several monohydroxy-fatty acids (MHFA), prostanoids, and resolvins. Our data demonstrate that baking did not change the overall total levels of MHFA. However, baking resulted in selective regioisomeric loss of hydroxy fatty acids from arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) and EPA, while significantly increasing hydroxyl-linoleic acid levels. The contents of prostanoids and resolvins were reduced several-fold with baking. The inclusion of a coating on the salmon prior to baking reduced the loss of some MHFA but had no effect on prostanoid losses incurred by baking. Baking did not decrease n-3 PUFA contents, indicating that baking of salmon is an acceptable means of preparation that does not alter the potential health benefits of high n-3 seafood consumption. The extent to which the levels of MHFA, prostanoids, and resolvins in the raw or baked fish have physiologic consequence for humans needs to be determined.
Effect of replacing calcium salts of palm oil distillate with extruded linseeds on milk fatty acid composition in Jersey and Holstein cows; Clinical and biomedical studies have provided evidence for the critical role of n-3 fatty acids on the reduction of chronic disease risk in humans, including cardiovascular disease. In the current experiment, the potential to enhance milk n-3 content in two breeds with inherent genetic differences in mammary lipogenesis and de novo fatty acid synthesis was examined using extruded linseeds. Six lactating cows (three Holstein and three Jersey) were used in a two-treatment switchback design with 3 x 21-day experimental periods to evaluate the effect of iso-energetic replacement of calcium salts of palm oil distillate (CPO) in the diet (34 g/kg dry matter (DM)) with 100 g/kg DM extruded linseeds (LIN). For both breeds, replacing CPO with LIN had no effect (P > 0.05) on DM intake or milk yield, but reduced (P < 0.05) milk fat and protein yield (on average, from 760 to 706 and 573 to 552 g/day, respectively). Relative to CPO, the LIN treatment reduced (P < 0.01) total saturated fatty acid content and enhanced (P < 0.001) 18:3n-3 in milk, whereas breed by diet interactions were significant for milk fat 16:0, total trans fatty acid and conjugated linoleic acid concentrations. Increases in 18:3n-3 intake derived from LIN in the diet were transferred into milk with a mean marginal transfer efficiency of 1.8%. Proportionate changes in milk fatty acid composition were greater in the Jersey, highlighting the importance of diet-genotype interactions on mammary lipogenesis. More extensive studies are required to determine the role of genotype on milk fat composition responses to oilseeds in the diet.
Effects of a Mediterranean-inspired diet on blood lipids, vascular function and oxidative stress in healthy subjects; Mediterranean-inspired diets have been shown to decrease cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolaemia, who frequently exhibit endothelial dysfunction. The aims of the present study are to improve endothelial function by dietary intervention in healthy subjects with lipid levels representative of a Western population. Twenty-two healthy subjects (mean total cholesterol, 5.6 mmol/l) were given a Mediterranean-inspired diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids and sterol esters, but low in saturated fat, or an ordinary Swedish diet, for 4 weeks in a randomized cross-over study. The composition of the diets were: in the Swedish diet, 2090 kcal (where I kcal = 4.184 kJ; 48% of energy from carbohydrate, 15% from protein and 36% from fat) and 19 g of fibre; in the Mediterranean-inspired diet, 1869 kcal (48% of energy from carbohydrate, 16% from protein, 34% from fat) and 40 g of fibre. After each dietary period, fasting blood lipids, insulin and glucose levels, as well as apo B (apolipoprotein B) and LDL (low-density lipoprotein) particle size, were analysed. Endothelial-dependent and -independent vasodilation was measured invasively by venous occlusion plethysmography, and arterial distensibility was assessed by echocardiography tracking. Fibrinolytic capacity across the forearm, as well as oxidative stress measured through urinary F-2-isoprostane, were evaluated. Total, LDL- and apo B-cholesterol and triacylglycerol (triglyceride) concentrations were decreased by 17%, 22%, 16% and 17% respectively, after the Mediterranean-inspired diet compared with the Swedish diet (P < 0.05 for all). However, no differences in plasma concentrations of insulin and glucose and LDL particle size, endothelial function, arterial distensibility, fibrinolytic capacity or oxidative stress were detected. Treatment for 4 weeks with a Mediterranean-inspired diet decreased blood lipids in healthy individuals with a low-risk profile for cardiovascular disease. This beneficial effect was not mirrored in vascular function or oxidative stress evaluation.
High-Protein Enteral Nutrition Enriched With Immune-Modulating Nutrients vs Standard High-Protein Enteral Nutrition and Nosocomial Infections in the ICU A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Enteral administration of immune-modulating nutrients (eg, glutamine, omega-3 fatty acids, selenium, and antioxidants) has been suggested to reduce infections and improve recovery from critical illness. However, controversy exists on the use of immune-modulating enteral nutrition, reflected by lack of consensus in guidelines.
Four ways blue foods can help achieve food system ambitions across nations; Blue foods, sourced in aquatic environments, are important for the economies, livelihoods, nutritional security and cultures of people in many nations. They are often nutrient rich(1), generate lower emissions and impacts on land and water than many terrestrial meats(2), and contribute to the health(3), wellbeing and livelihoods of many rural communities(4). The Blue Food Assessment recently evaluated nutritional, environmental, economic and justice dimensions of blue foods globally. Here we integrate these findings and translate them into four policy objectives to help realize the contributions that blue foods can make to national food systems around the world: ensuring supplies of critical nutrients, providing healthy alternatives to terrestrial meat, reducing dietary environmental footprints and safeguarding blue food contributions to nutrition, just economies and livelihoods under a changing climate. To account for how context-specific environmental, socio-economic and cultural aspects affect this contribution, we assess the relevance of each policy objective for individual countries, and examine associated co-benefits and trade-offs at national and international scales. We find that in many African and South American nations, facilitating consumption of culturally relevant blue food, especially among nutritionally vulnerable population segments, could address vitamin B-12 and omega-3 deficiencies. Meanwhile, in many global North nations, cardiovascular disease rates and large greenhouse gas footprints from ruminant meat intake could be lowered through moderate consumption of seafood with low environmental impact. The analytical framework we provide also identifies countries with high future risk, for whom climate adaptation of blue food systems will be particularly important. Overall the framework helps decision makers to assess the blue food policy objectives most relevant to their geographies, and to compare and contrast the benefits and trade-offs associated with pursuing these objectives.
Case Studies in Pediatric Lipid Disorders and Their Management; Context: Identification of modifiable risk factors, including genetic and acquired disorders of lipid and lipoprotein metabolism, is increasingly recognized as an opportunity to prevent premature cardiovascular disease (CVD) in at-risk youth. Pediatric endocrinologists are at the forefront of this emerging public health concern and can be instrumental in beginning early interventions to prevent premature CVD-related events during adulthood.
A Comprehensive Update on the Chylomicronemia Syndrome; The chylomicronemia syndrome is characterized by severe hypertriglyceridemia and fasting chylomicronemia and predisposes affected individuals to acute pancreatitis. When due to very rare monogenic mutations in the genes encoding the enzyme, lipoprotein lipase, or its regulators, APOC2, APOA5, GPIHBP1, and LMF1, it is referred to as the familial chylomicronemia syndrome. Much more frequently, the chylomicronemia syndrome results from a cluster of minor genetic variants causing polygenic hypertriglyceridemia, which is exacerbated by conditions or medications which increase triglyceride levels beyond the saturation point of triglyceride removal systems. This situation is termed the multifactorial chylomicronemia syndrome. These aggravating factors include common conditions such as uncontrolled diabetes, overweight and obesity, alcohol excess, chronic kidney disease and pregnancy and several medications, including diuretics, non-selective beta blockers, estrogenic compounds, corticosteroids, protease inhibitors, immunosuppressives, antipsychotics, antidepressants, retinoids, L-asparaginase, and propofol. A third uncommon cause of the chylomicronemia syndrome is familial forms of partial lipodystrophy. Development of pancreatitis is the most feared complication of the chylomicronemia syndrome, but the risk of cardiovascular disease as well as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis is also increased. Treatment consists of dietary fat restriction and weight reduction combined with the use of triglyceride lowering medications such as fibrates, omega 3 fatty acids and niacin. Effective management of aggravating factors such as improving diabetes control, discontinuing alcohol and replacing or reducing the dose of medications that raise triglyceride levels is essential. Importantly, many if not most cases of the chylomicronemia syndrome can be prevented by effective identification of polygenic hypertriglyceridemia in people with conditions that increase its likelihood or before starting medications that may increase triglyceride levels. Several new pharmacotherapeutic agents are being tested that are likely to considerably improve treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in people at risk.
DISTRIBUTION OF FATTY ACIDS AND TOTAL LIPIDS IN FIVE TISSUES OF EDIBLE SNAIL <i>HELIX LUCORUM</i> (L., 1758) FROM THE SOUTHEAST OF TURKEY; This investigation was carried out on fatty acid compositions and total lipid quantities in selected tissues (gonad, mantle, digestive gland, cephalopedal and whole body) of Helix lucorum with the aim of evaluating biochemical and nutritional value of edible snail parts. C16:0, C18:0, C18:1 omega 9, C18:2 omega 6, C20:2 omega 6 and C20:4 omega 6 were found as dominant components. C18:2 omega 6 (24.44%) and C20:4 omega 6 (17.49%) were present in fair amounts in the digestive gland and gonad, respectively. The gonad and mantle had a good proportion of C20:2 omega 6 and the cephalopedal contained significant amount of C20:1 omega 9. Sigma PUFA levels were higher than Sigma SFA and Sigma MUFA levels in all tissues. Overall ratio of Sigma omega 6/Sigma omega 3 was defined as follow: gonad, 9.07; mantle, 7.26; cephalopedal, 6.02; whole body, 4.86; digestive gland, 4.06. Among the organs, digestive gland and gonad showed the highest proportion of total lipid. Consequently, the study revealed that tissues of the snail are a good source for PUFA (polyunsaturated fatty acids), essential fatty acids C18:2 omega 6, C20:4 omega 6 (precursors of eicosanoids) and other omega 6 family fatty acids, however the total lipid contents were not found at the expected amount. In numerous studies, it is stated that snail meat has several advantages including rich minerals, essential amino and fatty acids and high content of PUFA. Their meat is believed to be a factor affecting higher life span and lower cancer rate in some countries. High amount of C18:2 omega 6, C20:4 omega 6 and PUFA make them important nutrition due to preventing cardiovascular disease, inflammatory disorders and retina and brain development.
Use of nonprescription medications for perceived cardiovascular health; Background: Nonprescription products (over-the-counter drugs; vitamins/minerals; and nonvitamin, nonmineral supplements) are promoted or advertised for cardiovascular health. The extent of nonprescription products used specifically for perceived cardiovascular health (NONRX-CVH) is unknown. This study aimed to (1) determine prevalence and types of nonprescription medications used for NONRX-CVH, (2) compare the demographics of NONRX-CVH users to persons using nonprescription medications in general, and (3) determine the prevalence of use of NONRX-CVH among those taking a prescription medication for a cardiovascular reason.
Dietary fatty acids and colorectal cancer risk in men: A report from the Shanghai Men's Health Study and ameta-analysis; Evidence from animal models suggests that dietary fatty acids have both anticancer and tumor-promoting effects. Whether dietary fatty acids are associated with colorectal cancer (CRC) in humans remains inconclusive. We investigated associations between dietary fatty acids and risk of CRC among 59 986 men who participated in the Shanghai Men's Health Study (SMHS), an ongoing population-based prospective cohort study. We identified 876 incident CRC cases in the SMHS during a mean follow-up of 9.8 years. Associations between dietary fatty acid intake and CRC risk were evaluated by Cox proportional hazard regression analyses. Consumption of saturated fatty acids (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) was not significantly associated with CRC risk. Multivariate hazard ratios (HRs) and respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for Quartile 4 vs Quartile 1 were 0.92 (0.74-1.14; P-trend= 0.47) for SFA, 0.95 (0.79-1.16; P-trend= 0.74) for MUFA and 1.18 (0.95-1.46; P-trend= 0.21) for PUFA. No significant associations were found for total n-6 PUFA or total n-3 PUFA. Additionally, we performed a meta-analysis to summarize results from the present study and 28 reports from 26 additional cohorts, which supported the overall null association between dietary fatty acid intake and CRC risk among men. Docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid were associated with 11% to 12% reduced risk, and linoleic acid a 19% increased risk, of CRC in the meta-analysis of combined sexes. In conclusion, this population-based prospective study and meta-analysis of cohort studies found little evidence that dietary fatty acid intake was associated with risk of CRC in men.
Elevated triglycerides and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level as marker of very high risk in type 2 diabetes; Purpose of reviewThe aim of this review is to describe in diabetic patients the determinants underlying atherogenic dyslipidemia, a complex dyslipidemia defined as the coexistence of fasting hypertriglyceridemia and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. Atherogenic dyslipidemia is often comorbid with hyperglycemia in patients with the common form of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), namely that associated with obesity, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia and the metabolic syndrome phenotype.Recent findingsThe role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, both fasting and nonfasting, is increasingly considered as a direct driver of atherosclerosis in diabetic patients, even in those receiving best standards of care, including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level adequately controlled by statins and/or ezetimibe. The residual cardiovascular risk related to atherogenic dyslipidemia in T2DM patients can be inferred from subgroup analysis of diabetic patients within landmark lipid-lowering trials, or from T2DM-only trials, such as Fenofibrate Intervention and Event Lowering in Diabetes study or Action to Control Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes-Lipid trial.SummaryThe presence of atherogenic dyslipidemia markedly increases cardiovascular risk, and there is evidence that part of the residual cardiovascular risk in T2DM can be safely and effectively reduced by fibrates. Ongoing trials will determine whether new classes of drugs or dietary intervention targeting hypertriglyceridemia (such as n-3 fatty acids or SPPARM) will reduce macro and microvascular residual risk in T2DM patients with atherogenic dyslipidemia at inclusion.
CYP2J2-mediated metabolism of arachidonic acid in heart: A review of its kinetics, inhibition and role in heart rhythm control; Cytochrome P450 2 J2 (CYP2J2) is primarily expressed extrahepatically and is the predominant epoxygenase in human cardiac tissues. This highlights its key role in the metabolism of endogenous substrates. Signi ficant scienti fic interest lies in cardiac CYP2J2 metabolism of arachidonic acid (AA), an omega -6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, to regioisomeric bioactive epoxyeicosatrienoic acid (EET) metabolites that show cardioprotective effects including regulation of cardiac electrophysiology. From an in vitro perspective, the accurate characterization of the kinetics of CYP2J2 metabolism of AA including its inhibition and inactivation by drugs could be useful in facilitating in vitro -in vivo extrapolations to predict drug -AA interactions in drug discovery and development. In this review, background information on the structure, regulation and expression of CYP2J2 in human heart is presented alongside AA and EETs as its endogenous substrate and metabolites. The in vitro and in vivo implications of the kinetics of this endogenous metabolic pathway as well as its perturbation via inhibition and inactivation by drugs are elaborated. Additionally, the role of CYP2J2-mediated metabolism of AA to EETs in cardiac electrophysiology will be expounded. (c) 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Insect immune resolution with EpOME/DiHOME and its dysregulation by their analogs leading to pathogen hypersensitivity; Upon immune challenge, recognition signals trigger insect immunity to remove the pathogens through cellular and humoral responses. Various immune mediators propagate the immune signals to nearby tissues, in which polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) derivatives play crucial roles. However, little was known on how the insects terminate the activated immune responses after pathogen neutralization. Interestingly, C20 PUFA was detected at the early infection stage and later C18 PUFAs were induced in a lepidopteran insect, Spodoptera exigua. This study showed the role of epoxyoctadecamonoenoic acids (EpOMEs) in the immune resolution at the late infection stage to quench the excessive and unnecessary immune responses. In contrast, dihydroxy-octadecamonoenoates (DiHOMEs) were the hydrolyzed and inactive forms of EpOMEs. The hydrolysis is catalyzed by soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH). Inhibitors specific to sEH mimicked the immunosuppression induced by EpOMEs. Furthermore, the inhibitor treatments significantly enhanced the bacterial virulence of Bacillus thuringiensis against S. exigua. This study proposes a negative control of the immune responses using EpOME/DiHOME in insects.
The Residual Risk Reduction Initiative: A Call to Action to Reduce Residual Vascular Risk in Patients with Dyslipidemia; Despite achieving targets for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, blood pressure, and glycemia in accordance with current standards of care, patients with dyslipidemia remain at high residual risk of vascular events. Atherogenic dyslipidemia, characterized by elevated triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, often with elevated apolipoprotein B and non-HDL cholesterol, is common in patients with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes mellitus, or metabolic syndrome and contributes,to both macrovascular and microvascular residual risk. However, atherogenic dyslipidemia is largely underdiagnosed and undertreated in clinical practice. The Residual Risk Reduction Initiative (R(3)i) was established to address this highly relevant clinical issue. The aims of this position paper are (1) to highlight evidence that atherogenic dyslipidemia is associated with residual macrovascular and microvascular risk in patients at high risk for CVD, despite current standards of care for dyslipidemia and diabetes; and (2) to recommend therapeutic intervention for reducing this residual vascular risk supported by evidence and, expert consensus. Lifestyle modification with nutrition and exercise is an important, effective, and underutilized first step in reducing residual vascular risk. Therapeutic intervention aimed at achievement of all lipid targets is also often required. Combination lipid-modifying therapy, with the addition of niacin, a fibrate, or omega-3 fatty acids to statin therapy, increases the probability of achieving all lipid goals. Outcomes studies are in progress to evaluate whether these combination treatment strategies translate to a clinical benefit greater than that achieved with statins alone. The R(3)i highlights the need to address with lifestyle and/or pharmacotherapy the high level of residual risk of CVD events and microvascular complications among patients with dyslipidemia receiving therapy for high levels of LDL cholesterol and for diabetes in accordance with current standards of care. (c) 2008 Published by Elsevier Inc. (Am J Cardiol 2008;102[suppl]:1K-34K)
A diet based on high-heat-treated foods promotes risk factors for diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases; Background: The modern Western lifestyle is characterized by the consumption of high-heat-treated foods because of their characteristic taste and flavor. However, it has been shown that treating food at high temperatures can generate potentially harmful compounds that promote inflammation and cardiovascular disease in subjects with diabetes.
A model to compute the medical cost of patients in intensive care; Objective: Our objective was to identify, among the information routinely collected on patients in intensive care units (ICUs), data that determine the total cost for a given patient.
Lung Function Is Associated with Arterial Stiffness in Children; Background: In older adults, an independent association exists between impaired lung function and cardiovascular disease. This interaction might be related to the effects of aging and/or smoking. In order to explore possible childhood antecedents to this association, we hypothesized that decreased lung function and vascular stiffness might be related, in early life.
Evaluation of docosahexaenoic acid deficiency as a preventable risk factor for recurrent affective disorders: Current status, future directions, and dietary recommendations; Major recurrent affective disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder, represent a growing public health crisis in the United States. Evidence from cross-national and cross-sectional epidemiological surveys, comparative peripheral and central composition studies, and placebo-controlled intervention trials suggest that n-3 fatty acid deficiency may contribute to the pathoaetiology of affective disorders. These data are reviewed with the objective of estimating a daily docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) intake value that is projected to be efficacious in mitigating vulnerability. It is proposed that daily DHA intake sufficient to increase erythrocyte DHA composition to a level found in healthy subjects from Japan (7%), where the lifetime prevalence rates of MDD and bipolar disorder are several fold lower than the US, represents an appropriate target. To achieve this target, preliminary DHA intervention trials indicate that a daily dose of 400-700 mg/d in children and 700-1000mg/d in adults would be required. Based on the results of placebo-controlled intervention trials, a higher daily DHA dose in the order of 1000-1500mg/d in a 2:1 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3):DHA ratio may be optimal for the treatment of established affective disorders. These recommendations are intended to guide future dose-ranging placebo-controlled DHA intervention trials in patients with established affective disorders, as well as in asymptomatic subjects at elevated risk for developing affective disorders. Such early intervention studies are currently feasible and will ultimately be required to definitively evaluate whether DHA is a required nutrient for the prevention of affective disorders. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Oxidative injury in neonatal erythrocytes; Erythrocytes are continuously exposed to free radicals (FR) injury due to their high cellular oxygen concentration and heme iron. The autoxidation of oxyhaemoglobin to methaemoglobin, generating superoxide anion radical, represents the main source of FR in erythrocytes. The erythrocyte membrane is particularly sensitive to oxidative damage due to its high polyunsaturated fatty acid content, and hence, it represents an important system to evaluate the effect of oxidative stress (OS). Information on how red cells OS is triggered and mechanisms of erythrocytes oxidative pressure from plasma may provide a partial answer to questions about the causes of the anaemia of prematurity and about red cell involvement in hypoxia. The recent insights about the mechanism of oxidative injury of red cells and the evidence of relationships between erythrocyte, OS and hypoxia suggest that increased haemolysis is induced by severe hypoxia and acidosis in the perinatal period.
Hepatoprotective and Anti-Obesity Properties of Sardine By-Product Oil in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet; Excess lipid intake can trigger liver lipid accumulation and oxidative responses, which can lead to metabolic disturbances and contribute to hepatic steatosis and obesity and increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Production of fish oil rich in omega-3 is a good opportunity for valorizing fish by-products in the therapeutic field. In this study, we explored the effects of oil from Sardina pilchardus by-products on cardiometabolic and oxidative disorders caused by toxic effects of excess lipids in obese rats. Three groups of obese rats received either 20% sardine by-product oil (SBy-Ob-HS; experimental group), 20% fillet oil (SF-Ob-HS; positive control group), or a high-fat diet (Ob-HS). Normal weight rats received a standard diet (normal). There was a significant decrease in serum total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerols (TG), and insulin concentrations in the SBy-Ob-HS group compared with the SF-Ob-HS group. Compared with the Ob-HS group, TC and TG, glycemia, glycosylated hemoglobin, and insulinemia were decreased in the SBy-Ob-HS (more notably) and SF-ObHS groups. Furthermore, hepatic lipids, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (C), the non-esterified cholesterol/phospholipids ratio, serum transaminases activities and lipid peroxidation were lower and serum high density lipoproteins-C were higher in the SBy-Ob-HS and SF-Ob-HS groups compared with the Ob-HS group. Serum isoprostane concentrations were reduced in the SBy-Ob-HS (more notably) and SF-Ob-HS groups compared with the Ob-HS and normal groups. The activities of antioxidant enzymes in tissues were enhanced, particularly in the by-product oil group. The oil extracted from by-products demonstrate anti-obesity properties (hypolipemiant, hepatoprotective, antiatherogenic, antidiabetic, and antioxidant) that may be beneficial for the management of obesity and its complications, such as hepatic steatosis.
Phytosterol Content and Fatty Acid Pattern of Ten Different Nut Types; Ten different nut kinds (almonds, Brazil nuts, cashews, hazelnuts, macadamias, peanuts, pecans, pine nuts, pistachios, and walnuts) were evaluated for their total oil and phytosterol content as well as their fatty acid composition. The total oil content was the predominant component; mean values oscillated between 45.2 % (cashews) and 74.7 % (macadamias). Mean total phytosterol content ranged from 71.7 mg (Brazil nuts) to 271.9 mg (pistachios) per 100 g oil. B-sitosterol was the major sterol (mean >71.7 mg/100 g oil) followed by minor contents of campesterol, ergosterol, and stigmasterol. Almonds, cashews, hazelnuts, macadamias, and pistachios were high in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA; > 55 %). MUFA- and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich nuts were peanuts and pecans, whereas Brazil nuts, pine nuts, and walnuts had the highest PUFA content (>50 %); the high unsaturated/saturated fatty acid ratio ranged from 4.5 to 11.8. However, the fatty acid pattern of every nut is unique.
Multi-Omics Analysis After Vaginal Administration of <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i> in Chickens; The reproductive tract of chickens is an important organ for egg formation. The vagina is in close contact with the external environment, which may lead to the invasion of a variety of pathogenic bacteria, affect the internal and external quality of eggs, and even increase mortality and cause economic loss. In recent years, probiotics as a substitute for antibiotics have brought economic benefits in livestock and poultry production. In the present study, we investigated the effects of vaginal administration of Bacteroides fragilis on the cloacal microbiota, vaginal transcriptome and metabolomics of chickens and evaluated the beneficial potential of B. fragilis. The results showed that B. fragilis treatment could affect the microbial composition of the cloaca. Transcriptome analysis found that the immune-related genes CCN3, HAS2, and RICTOR were upregulated, that the inflammatory genes EDNRB, TOX, and NKX2-3 were downregulated, and that DEGs were also enriched in the regulation of the inflammatory response, cellular metabolism, and synaptic response pathways. In addition, the differential metabolites were mainly related to steroid hormone biosynthesis, unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, and arachidonic acid metabolism, and we identified associations between specific differential metabolites and genes. Overall, this study provides a theoretical basis for the application of B. fragilis as a potential probiotic in livestock and poultry production.
Oral bacteria, oral health, and adverse pregnancy outcomes; The link between oral health and adverse pregnancy outcomes has been suggested by numerous epidemiological studies. More recent studies indicate the relationship between severity of periodontal disease and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Two virulence mechanisms are proposed: direct invasion of oral microorganisms or their components into the fetal-placenta unit and inflammatory mediators produced in the oral cavity affecting the fetal-placenta unit. While interventional periodontal therapy still yielded contradictory results, animal studies suggest that maternal supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids protects the fetus by suppressing inflammation as well as bacteria proliferation in the placenta. This article reviews the recent epidemiological, mechanistic, interventional, and therapeutic studies of oral health and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Nutrition and Healthy Aging: A Review; Purpose of ReviewThe review attempts to highlight various dietary approaches for healthy aging; it examines the current evidence regarding the impact of various dietary components on physiological, cognitive, and functional outcomes in older adults. The aim is to promote nutritional awareness to add to what is currently reported in this field that helps for the needful revisions in the policy and in the current national nutrition strategy to incorporate effective public health communication on nutrition and aging.Recent FindingsThe relationship between diet and healthy aging is becoming increasingly clear with recent studies. Consuming a balanced diet that includes nutrient-rich foods, such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean proteins, and healthy fats, has been linked to a lower risk of chronic diseases and better overall health in older adults. Specific dietary factors that have been found to be beneficial for healthy aging include adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet, Okinawa diet, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and caloric restriction as well as the healthy eating index. Therefore, making dietary changes that promote healthy aging can be an important strategy for maintaining physical and cognitive function and preventing age-related diseases.Adopting a healthy diet in older age can be an effective strategy for maintaining optimal health and function with adequate intake of protein, fiber, vitamin D, and omega-3 fatty acids for better physical function, bone health, muscle strength, cognitive function, and lower risk of chronic diseases and disability.
Metabolic profiling of rats poisoned with paraquat and treated with Xuebijing using a UPLC-QTOF-MS/MS metabolomics approach; Xuebijing (XBJ) is a compound Chinese medicine that containsPaeoniae Radix Rubra,ChuanXiong Rhizoma,Salvia Miltiorrhiza Radix et Rhizoma,Carthami Flos, andAngelicae Sinensis Radix. It is widely used in China to treat sepsis. Previous studies have demonstrated that XBJ can decrease mortality in patients with moderate paraquat poisoning. However, the mechanism by which it exerts this effect is not completely clear. In this study, an ultra-performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-QTOF-MS/MS)-based metabolomics approach was used to perform a metabolic profiling analysis. Principal component analysis (PCA), random forest (RF), and partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) were used to identify metabolites to clarify the mechanism of XBJ's activity. XBJ clearly alleviated lung injury in a Sprague Dawley (SD) rat model of paraquat (PQ) poisoning. Seven metabolites related to four pathways, including those involved in sphingolipid and phospholipid metabolism, amino acid metabolism, unsaturated fatty acid metabolism, and pantothenic acid and CoA biosynthesis, were present at different levels in PQ-poisoned rats treated with XBJ compared with untreated rats. XBJ can ameliorate the effects of PQ poisoning in SD rats. Using a metabolomics approach enabled us to gain new insight into the mechanism underlying this effect.
Identification of novel mitochondrial localization signals in human Tafazzin, the cause of the inherited cardiomyopathic disorder Barth syndrome; Mutations in the gene tafazzin (TAZ) result in Barth syndrome (BTHS). Patients present with hypotonia, cyclic neutropenia, 3-methyglutaconic aciduria, and cardiomyopathy, which is the major cause of mortality. The recessive, X-linked TAZ gene encodes a mitochondrial membrane-associated phospholipid modifying enzyme, which adds unsaturated fatty acid species to monolysocardiolipin to generate mature cardiolipin in the mitochondrial membrane that is essential for mitochondrial morphology and function. To identify intrinsic mitochondrial localization sequences in the human TAZ protein, we made sequential TAZ peptide-eGFP fusion protein expression constructs and analyzed the localization of eGFP fluorescence by confocal microscopy. We assessed these fusion proteins for mitochondrial localization through cotransfection of H9c2 cells with plasmids encoding organellar markers linked to TdTomato. We have identified two peptides of TAZ that are independently responsible for mitochondrial localization. Using CRISPR-generated TAZ knock out cell lines, we found that these peptides are able to direct proteins to mitochondria in the absence of endogenous TAZ. These peptides are not located within the predicted enzymatic clefts of TAZ, implying that some BTHS disease causing mutations may affect mitochondrial localization without affecting transacylase activity. These novel peptides improve our understanding of TAZ intracellular trafficking, provide insight into the molecular basis of BTHS and provide molecular reagents for developing targeted mitochondrial therapies.
Epoxy-Oxylipins and Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase Metabolic Pathway as Targets for NSAID-Induced Gastroenteropathy and Inflammation-Associated Carcinogenesis; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) including epoxide-modified omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are made via oxidation to create highly polarized carbon-oxygen bonds crucial to their function as signaling molecules. A critical PUFA, arachidonic acid (ARA), is metabolized to a diverse set of lipids signaling molecules through cyclooxygenase (COX), lipoxygenase (LOX), cytochrome P450 epoxygenase, or cytochrome P450 hydroxylase; however, the majority of ARA is metabolized into anti-inflammatory epoxides via cytochrome P450 enzymes. These short-lived epoxide lipids are rapidly metabolized or inactivated by the soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) into diol-containing products. sEH inhibition or knockout has been a practical approach to study the biology of the epoxide lipids, and has been shown to effectively treat inflammatory conditions in the preclinical models including gastrointestinal ulcers and colitis by shifting oxylipins to epoxide profiles, inhibiting inflammatory cell infiltration and activation, and enhancing epithelial cell defense via increased mucin production, thus providing further evidence for the role of sEH as a pro-inflammatory protein. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with COX-inhibitor activity are among the most commonly used analgesics and have demonstrated applications in the management of cardiovascular disease and intriguingly cancer. Major side effects of NSAIDs however are gastrointestinal ulcers which frequently precludes their long-term application. In this review, we hope to bridge the gap between NSAID toxicity and sEH-mediated metabolic pathways to focus on the role of epoxy fatty acid metabolic pathway of PUFAs in NSAIDS-ulcer formation and healing as well as inflammation-related carcinogenesis. Specifically we address the potential application of sEH inhibition to enhance ulcer healing at the site of inflammation via their activity on altered lipid signaling, mitochondrial function, and diminished reactive oxygen species, and further discuss the significance of dual COX and sEH inhibitor in anti-inflammation and carcinogenesis.
The Adrenergic-Fatty Acid Load in Heart Failure; The hypothesis proposed is that heart failure (HF) is associated with a reactive hyperadrenergic state that increases circulating plasma free fatty acids (FFAs), which leads to impaired glucose metabolism and insulin resistance. We propose that increased FFA-induced mitochondrial uncoupling and substantial oxygen wastage is closely associated with the generation of reactive oxygen species, inflammatory markers, and the development of insulin resistance. The therapeutic aims of metabolic therapy are as follows: 1) to decrease hyperadrenergic drive; 2) to inhibit lipotoxicity and glucotoxicity; and 3) to increase glucose uptake by muscle. These aims are achieved, respectively, by the following: 1) the use of beta-adrenergic blockade and all measures that relieve the mechanical load on the heart; 2) the use of drugs that inhibit fatty acid oxidation (trimetazidine, perhexiline), although without clinical evidence that the heart is their major site of action in HF; and 3) increase of the transport of glucose into the cells by exercise and metformin. Of these measures, only data concerning the reduction of mortality as the result of exercise are available. Of all the other measures, there are substantial positive data on the use of trimetazidine that demonstrate metabolic and clinical benefit with almost no side effects, but data from a large outcome trial are lacking. Our data suggest a major extracardiac site of trimetazidine action. Ranolazine, which inhibits the late sodium inward current, requires testing in human HF. Insulin to reduce hyperglycemia and FFAs is untested in HF, with incretins such as glucagon-like peptide-1 on the horizon. Other future therapies may include malonyl-coenzyme A regulators to inhibit fatty acid oxidation, fish oil omega-3, and activators of protein kinase C-epsilon. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2009; 54: 1637-46) (c) 2009 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
The effects of dietary and nutrient interventions on arterial stiffness: a systematic review; Background: Although dietary and nutrient interventions have been extensively studied as a means of improving arterial stiffness, to our knowledge no systematic analysis of the data has been conducted. Objective: The aim of the current study was to systematically review the human clinical trial data and qualitatively examine the efficacy of dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness. Design: We systematically searched multiple databases until July 2010 for relevant randomized controlled human clinical trials of common dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness. Located studies were subject to strict inclusion criteria and objectively assessed for scientific quality. Results: Of the 75 relevant studies located, we considered 38 studies to be appropriate for review. Results revealed support for intakes of omega-3 (n-23) fish oils (Cohen's d = 0.21-0.81) and soy isoflavones (Cohen's d = 0.35-0.39) in the treatment of arterial stiffness. There was limited but consistent evidence to suggest that salt restriction (Cohen's d = 0.28-0.37) as well as consumption of fermented-milk products (Cohen's d = 0.15-0.33) that contain bioactive peptides improved arterial stiffness. The evidentiary support for intakes of vitamins, micronutrients, and herbal medicines was insufficient. Limited but consistent evidence suggested that caffeine intake acutely increased arterial stiffness (Cohen's d = 0.34-0.51). Conclusions: Current evidence from several small studies suggests that omega-3 and soy isoflavone supplementation provides an effective means of reducing arterial stiffness. There was little research that explored intakes of herbal medicines or micronutrients in the treatment of arterial stiffness, and this remains an area of potential research. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;93:446-54.
Global Metabolomics Reveals the Metabolic Dysfunction in Ox-LDL Induced Macrophage-Derived Foam Cells; Atherosclerosis (AS) is a chronic disorder of large arteries that is a major risk factors of high morbidity and mortality. Oxidative modification LDL is one of the important contributors to atherogenesis. Macrophages take up ox-LDL and convert into foam cells, which is the hallmark of AS. To advance the understanding of the metabolic perturbation involved in ox-LDL induced macrophage-derived foam cells and discover the potential biomarkers of early AS, a global metabolomics approach was applied based on UHPLC-QTOF/MS. Multivariate statistical analyses identified five metabolites (25-azacholesterol, anandamide, glycocholate, oleoyl ethanolamide, and 3-oxo-4, 6-choladienoate) for distinguishing foamy macrophages from controls. Among the six main metabolic pathways, the unsaturated fatty acid, especially arachidonic acid metabolism, contributed importantly to early AS. A new biomarker, anandamide (AEA), whose synthesis and metabolism in macrophages are disturbed by overloaded ox-LDL, results in metabolic obstruction. This study is the first to investigate the metabolic disturbance in macrophage-derived foam cells induced by ox-LDL and screen potential biomarkers and metabolic pathways associated with early AS. Our findings provide a new insight in the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms and also help to identify novel targets for the intervention of AS.
Increased intestinal permeability exacerbates sepsis through reduced hepatic SCD-1 activity and dysregulated iron recycling; Inflammatory bowel disease is associated with changes in the mucosal barrier, increased intestinal permeability, and increased risk of infections and sepsis, but the underlying mechanisms are incompletely understood. Here, we show how continuous translocation of gut microbial components affects iron homeostasis and facilitates susceptibility to inflammation-associated sepsis. A sub-lethal dose of lipopolysaccharide results in higher mortality in Mucin 2 deficient (Muc2(-/-)) mice, and is associated with elevated circulatory iron load and increased bacterial translocation. Translocation of gut microbial components attenuates hepatic stearoyl CoA desaturase-1 activity, a key enzyme in hepatic de novo lipogenesis. The resulting reduction of hepatic saturated and unsaturated fatty acid levels compromises plasma membrane fluidity of red blood cells, thereby significantly reducing their life span. Inflammation in Muc2(-/-) mice alters erythrophagocytosis efficiency of splenic macrophages, resulting in an iron-rich milieu that promotes bacterial growth. Our study thus shows that increased intestinal permeability triggers a cascade of events resulting in increased bacterial growth and risk of sepsis. Here Kumar et al. show that increased intestinal permeability reduces hepatic de novo lipogenesis, affecting plasma membrane fluidity and lifespan of RBCs, and the resulting increase in iron levels promotes bacterial growth. This mechanism may explain the increased risk of sepsis associated with inflammatory bowel disease.
ALTERATIONS OF CEREBROMICROVASCULAR NA+,K+-ATPASE ACTIVITY DUE TO FATTY-ACIDS AND ACUTE HYPERTENSION; Acute hypertension, induced in rats by intravenous injection of angiotensin II, previously has been shown to increase cerebrovascular permeability to macromolecules. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of acute hypertension on Na+,K+-ATPase, the enzyme responsible for controlling ionic permeability of the cerebromicrovascular endothelium. The K+-dependent p-nitrophenylphosphatase activity of the cerebromicrovascular Na+,K+-ATPase was determined using microvessels prepared from hypertensive and normotensive rats. When compared to controls, a 70% decrease (P < 0.02) in the maximum rate (V(max)) of the Na+,K+-ATPase from hypertensive rats was evident with no change in the Michaelis constant (K(M)). In contrast, gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase, a marker enzyme for cerebral endothelial cells, was not significantly affected. Sodium arachidonate (1-100 muM) inhibited the phosphatase activity of the Na+,K+-ATPase in microvessels isolated from both normotensive and hypertensive rats in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, poly-unsaturated fatty acids (sodium linoleate and arachidonate) evoked the greatest inhibition of the enzyme, while sodium oleate and sodium palmitate inhibited the Na+,K+-ATPase to lesser extents. This regulation of enzyme activity by fatty acids was comparable in control and hypertensive groups. In summary, the data indicate that the cerebromicrovascular Na+,K+-ATPase was altered as a consequence of acute hypertension and that poly-unsaturated fatty acids can modulate this enzyme in microvessels derived from hypertensive or control rats.
Comprehensive rehabilitation in chronic heart failure; Chronic heart failure (CHF) is a complex disease process connected with cardiovascular system as well as other organs and skeletal muscles. In connection with the above, cardiac rehabilitation, consisting of exercise training and diet supplementation, aims at recovery of physical, social and psychic function and removing risk factors influencing the occurrence of circulatory system diseases. Evidence has shown that exercise training in CHF patients, both aerobic and resistance, can increase peak oxygen consumption and exercise capacity, improve NYHA (New York Heart Association) functional class, reduce mortality and improve the quality of life. Evidence suggests that most improvement is due to the effects of training on the peripheral circulation and skeletal muscle, rather than on the heart itself. Exercise training can improve skeletal muscle metabolism, increase blood flow within the active skeletal muscles, increase capillary density, promote the synthesis and release of nitric oxide, improve angiogenesis, and decrease oxidative stress. Physical effort reduces sympathetic arousal and increases parasympathetic arousal, thus reducing cardiac dysrythmia and ischemia. Mitochondria start working harder, as the demand for energy is higher and electron flow provides energy in the form of ATP. Studies have consistently demonstrated that exercise training is safe and has no deleterious effect on central haemodynamics, left ventricular remodeling, systolic or diastolic function, or myocardial metabolism. Taking several supplements that have documented roles in medical therapy, including vitamins B, C and E, coenzyme Q10, alpha-lipoic acid, chromium, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, L-carnitine, and quercetin, has beneficiary effect on many diseases, including CHF. In our experience, 19 patients with CHF who undertook resistance (weight) training and food supplementation, returned to their normal activities after 4 months, without any complaints.
What do we know about optimal nutritional strategies in children with pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome?; Nutrition in pediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome (PARDS) is an essential aspect of therapy, with potential to modify outcomes. The gut is slowly establishing its place as the motor of critical illness, and the 'gut-lung' axis has been shown to be in play in the systemic inflammatory response. Thus, utilizing the gut to modify outcomes in PARDS is an exciting prospect. PARDS is associated with high mortality in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC), where malnutrition is also prevalent and may worsen during hospital stay. Mortality may be higher in this subgroup of patients. At present, the gold standard to estimate resting energy expenditure (REE) in critically ill children is indirect calorimetry. However, it is a cumbersome and expensive procedure, as a result of which its routine practice is limited to very few units across the world. Therefore, predictive equations, which may under- or over-estimate REE, are relied upon to approximate calorie and protein needs of children with PARDS. Despite having target calorie and protein requirements, studies have found that a large proportion of critically ill children do not achieve these levels even at the end of a week in pediatric intensive care unit (PICU). The preferred mode of nutrition delivery is enteral, and if possible, early enteral nutrition (EEN). Immunonutrition has been a lucrative subject of research, and while there have been some strides, no therapy has yet conclusively demonstrated benefit in terms of mortality or reduced length of stay in PICU or the hospital. Probable immunonutrients in PARDS include omega-3 fatty acids, arginine, glutamine and vitamin D, though none are a part of any recommendations yet.
A 3-D microfluidic combinatorial cell array; We present the development of a three-dimensional (3-D) combinatorial cell culture array device featured with integrated three-input, eight-output combinatorial mixer and cell culture chambers. The device is designed for cell-based screening of multiple compounds simultaneously on a microfluidic platform. The final assembled device is composed of a porous membrane integrated in between a Parylene 3-D microfluidic chip and a PDMS microfluidic chip. The membrane turned the cell culture chambers into two-level configuration to facilitate cell loading and to maintain cells in a diffusion dominated space during device operation. Experimentally, we first characterized the combined compound concentration profile at each chamber using a fluorescence method. We then successfully demonstrated the functionality of the quantitative cell-based assay by culturing B35 rat neuronal cells on this device and screening the ability of three compounds (1,5-dihydroxyisoquinoline, deferoxamine, and 3-aminobenzoic acid) to attenuate cell death caused by cytotoxic hydrogen peroxide. In another experiment, we assayed for the combinatorial effects of three chemotherapeutic compound exposures (vinorelbine, paclitaxel, and gamma-linolenic acid) on human breast cancer cells, MDA-MB-231. The same technology will enable the construction of inexpensive lab-on-a-chip devices with high-input combinatorial mixer for performing high-throughput cell-based assay and highly parallel and combinatorial chemical or biochemical reactions.
Over-expression of the Anti-apoptotic Protein Bcl-2 Affects Membrane Lipid Composition in HL-60 Cells; We studied modifications induced at the membrane lipid level by over-expression of the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2. When total cell phospholipids were analyzed, the transformation led to a moderate decrease in poly-unsaturated fatty acids, compensated by an increase in mono-unsaturated species. At the mitochondrial membrane level, the changes were more important and occurred in saturated and dimethyl acetal fatty acids, which became more abundant, while unsaturated fatty acid content diminished. This indicates a decline in oxidation-sensitive fatty acids (unsaturated species) together with a gain in oxidation-insensitive saturated fatty acids and in plasmalogen (as detected by dimethyl acetal fatty acids) considered as oxygen species scavengers. Theses changes, combined with the protective role of Bcl-2 against oxidation due to its effect on the redox potential, should protect cells from apoptosis starting in mitochondria.
Fatty acids increase adiponectin secretion through both classical and exosome pathways; Little is known about the effects of fatty acids on adiponectin oligomer assembly and trafficking. The aim of this study was to examine the effects of different fatty acids on adiponectin transport and secretion in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes. Subcellular fractionation and immunofluorescence microscopy revealed that the majority of cellular adiponectin was located in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). Adiponectin secretion was increased by treatment with fatty adds, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and several fatty acids changed the cellular localization of adiponectin. Adiponectin secretion has been shown to be altered by ER stress and interactions with ER chaperone proteins. However these mechanisms were not influenced by fatty acids, suggesting that alternative mechanisms must be responsible for the increased secretion of adiponectin observed with fatty acid treatment. Secretion of adiponectin was blocked by Brefeldin A, but we identified a minor pool of adiponectin that could be secreted from beyond the Brefeldin A block. Exosomes appeared to contribute to a minor amount of adiponectin secreted from the cell, and exosome release was increased by treatment with DHA. These data suggest that the ER is an important site of adiponectin accumulation and that treatment with long chain omega-3 fatty acids increases adiponectin release. Furthermore, the secretory pathway of adiponectin is complex, involving both the classical ER-Golgi pathway as well as unconventional secretory mechanisms such as an exosome-mediated pathway. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Vitamins and nutrients as primary treatments in experimental brain injury: Clinical implications for nutraceutical therapies; With the numerous failures of pharmaceuticals to treat traumatic brain injury in humans, more researchers have become interested in combination therapies. This is largely due to the multimodal nature of damage from injury, which causes excitotoxicity, oxidative stress, edema, neuroinflammation and cell death. Polydrug treatments have the potential to target multiple aspects of the secondary injury cascade, while many previous therapies focused on one particular aspect. Of specific note are vitamins, minerals and nutrients that can be utilized to supplement other therapies. Many of these have low toxicity, are already FDA approved and have minimal interactions with other drugs, making them attractive targets for therapeutics. Over the past 20 years, interest in supplementation and supraphysiologic dosing of nutrients for brain injury has increased and indeed many vitamins and nutrients now have a considerable body of the literature backing their use. Here, we review several of the prominent therapies in the category of nutraceutical treatment for brain injury in experimental models, including vitamins (B2, B3, B6, B9, C, D, E), herbs and traditional medicines (ginseng, Gingko biloba), flavonoids, and other nutrients (magnesium, zinc, carnitine, omega-3 fatty acids). While there is still much work to be done, several of these have strong potential for clinical therapies, particularly with regard to polydrug regimens. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled SI:Brain injury and recovery. (c) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SECULAR TRENDS IN DIETARY INTAKES AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK-FACTORS OF 10-YEAR-OLD CHILDREN - THE BOGALUSA-HEART-STUDY (1973-1988); Dietary intakes of 10-y-old children were examined in six cross-sectional surveys to observe secular trends in energy, macronutrient, cholesterol, sodium, and fatty acid intakes. Total energy intake remained unchanged from 1973 to 1988; however, when expressed as energy/kg body wt, intake decreased from 275.1 kJ (65.5 kcal) in 1973 to 254.9 kJ (60.7 kcal) in 1988 because children's weight increased. Linear trends over this time period were also noted for total fat (negative), saturated fatty acid (negative), polyunsaturated fatty acid (positive), dietary cholesterol (negative), and sodium intake (positive). There was a significant increase in percent energy from protein and carbohydrate and a significant decrease in percent energy from fat, primarily saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids. An apparent increase over time is noted in the percent of children meeting dietary recommendations for total fat, saturated fatty acid, and cholesterol. Yet, few children meet the prudent diet recommendations.
Dietary intakes of fat and fatty acids and risk of breast cancer: A prospective study in Japan; To examine the possible association of dietary fat and fatty acids with breast cancer risk in a population with a low total fat intake and a high consumption of fish, we analyzed data from the Japan Collaborative Cohort (JACC) Study. From 1988 to 1990, 26 291 women aged 40-79 years completed a questionnaire on dietary and other factors. Intakes of fat or fatty acids were estimated by using a food frequency questionnaire. Rate ratios (RR) were computed by fitting proportional hazards models. During the mean follow-up of 7.6 years, 129 breast cancer cases were documented. We found no clear association of total fat intake with breast cancer risk; the multivariate-adjusted RR across quartiles were 1.00, 1.29, 0.95, and 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.46-1.38). A significant decrease in the risk was detected for the highest quartile of intake compared with the lowest for fish fat and long-chain n-3 fatty acids; the RR were 0.56 (95% Cl 0.330.94) and 0.50 (0.30-0.85), respectively. A decreasing trend in risk was also suggested with an increasing intake of saturated fatty acids (trend P = 0.066). Among postmenopausal women at baseline, the highest quartile of vegetable fat intake was associated with a 2.08-fold increase in risk (95% Cl 1.05-4.13). This prospective study did not support any increase in the risk of breast cancer associated with total or saturated fat intake, but it suggested the protective effects of the long-chain n-3 fatty acids that are abundant in fish.
Impaired fatty acid oxidation as a cause for lipotoxicity in cardiomyocytes; A major cause for diabetic cardiomyopathy is excess lipid accumulation. To elucidate mechanisms of lipotoxicity mediated diabetic heart disease we need to further our understanding of how lipid metabolism is altered in the diabetic heart. Here we investigated the role of lipid clearance by oxidation as a regulator of lipid-mediated toxicity (lipotoxicity).
Effect of essential fatty acids on lipidemia and vitelline membrane vascularization in Japanese quails; The effect of different sources of omega-3 and omega-6 essential fatty acids on serum lipid profile in Japanese quails and on vascular growth in the embryos vitelline membrane was verified. The birds were supplemented with fish oil, 2% and 4%, and soybean oil, 2% and 4%, and one control diet, without lipid supply. The enzymatic method with colorimetric reaction was used to estimate the profile of serum total cholesterol, triglycerides and HDL of the birds. Vitelline membrane vascularization was measured using the box-counting fractal dimension. The cholesterol concentration of the treated and control groups showed no difference. For HDL, the group treated with a higher proportion of fish oil, 4%, differed from other groups. The triglycerides levels of quails supplemented with fish oil were higher than the other groups. The fractal dimension of quail embryos vitelline membrane from the groups treated with 4% fish oil and 4% soybean oil was lower than the other groups, indicating antiangiogenic effects on the vascular formation process.
Serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, Δ5-and Δ6-desaturase activities, and risk of incident type 2 diabetes in men: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Background: The role of n-6 (omega-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) is inconclusive. In addition, little is known about how factors involved in PUFA metabolism, such as zinc, may affect the associations.
Mediterranean diet and cardio-metabolic health: what is the role of meat?; Traditional Mediterranean diet is known for its health benefits in prevention of cardio-metabolic diseases and risk factors associated with it. The role of red meat in Mediterranean diet is to some extent overlooked with the main focus on foods of plant origin. The majority of existing guidelines encourage general population to limit intakes of red meat. However, in reality, it is a significant part of the Mediterranean cuisine. Red meat is an excellent source of macro and micronutrients: high-quality protein, B vitamins, essential amino acids, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, phosphorus, zinc, iron, and selenium. Currently, there is not enough scientific evidence to suggest the strict limitation of the red meat consumption among the general population, however, there is a substantial evidence to support the advice to eliminate the consumption of processed meat from the diet.
Intake of traditional Inuit diet vary in parallel with inflammation as estimated from YKL-40 and hsCRP in Inuit and non-Inuit in Greenland; Background: Chronic low-grade inflammation is involved in the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis and ischemic heart disease. This was rare in pre-western Inuit who lived on a diet that consisted mainly of marine mammals rich in n-3 fatty acids.
A Clinician's Guide for Trending Cardiovascular Nutrition Controversies Part II; The potential cardiovascular (CV) benefits of many trending foods and dietary patterns are still incompletely understood, and scientific inquiry continues to evolve. In the meantime, however, a number of controversial dietary patterns, foods, and nutrients have received significant media attention and are mired by "hype." This second review addresses some of the more recent popular foods and dietary patterns that are recommended for CV health to provide clinicians with current information for patient discussions in the clinical setting. Specifically, this paper delves into dairy products, added sugars, legumes, coffee, tea, alcoholic beverages, energy drinks, mushrooms, fermented foods, seaweed, plant and marinederived omega-3-fatty acids, and vitamin B12. (C) 2018 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Significant Quality of Life Improvement Observed in a Patient With FCS Associated With a Marked Reduction in Triglycerides; Familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) is a rare genetic disorder characterized by severely high triglycerides (TGs). It is associated with a marked increase in risk of recurrent, potentially fatal acute pancreatitis (AP), and symptoms including abdominal pain, fatigue, and anxiety that may substantially reduce quality of life (QoL). A 46-year-old woman with FCS and severely high TGs initially presented with necrotizing pancreatitis with pseudocysts, having previously experienced recurrent AP. The patient reported constant abdominal pain and fatigue, which were evident in her demeanor. Initial management included maximum doses of omega-3 fatty acids and fibrates, plus an extremely restricted diet (reduced intake: calories, fats, simple sugars; no alcohol). Despite adherence to all management strategies, TGs remained at approximately 2800 mg/dL (31.6 mmol/L) and symptoms persisted. The patient was enrolled in COMPASS, a phase 3, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the effect of an investigational drug, volanesorsen, on fasting TGs in patients with hypertriglyceridemia (fasting TGs >= 500 mg/dL [>= 5.7 mmol/L]). The woman, a confirmed FCS patient, continued into the open-label extension study, during which fasting TGs decreased to 146 mg/dL (1.7 mmol/L) following 4 months of treatment. The restrictive diet was maintained throughout treatment and no serious adverse events were reported. Along with sustained TG reduction, the patient experienced progressive, perceived improvements in observable QoL measures and a marked reduction in symptom severity and frequency. In a patient with FCS, reduction in TGs following volanesorsen therapy appeared to be associated with marked improvement in clinical symptoms and observed QoL. (C) Endocrine Society 2019.
Dietary intake and dyslipidemia arising from combination antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection: a systematic review; To review and synthesize the available scientific evidence on the relationship between dietary intake and dyslipidemias in HIV-infected patients in combination antiretroviral therapy (ART). A systematic review of literature was carried out. Original and published studies were investigated and two categories of dietary exposure were considered: energy and nutrient intake, and consumption of a test diet. A narrative review of included studies was conducted. The findings were summarized according to category of metabolic outcomes (effect on total cholesterol and LDL-c, effect on HDL-c and effect on triglycerides). Twenty original studies were included in this review, being 13 clinical trials and 7 observational studies. omega-3 fatty acid supplementation led to a significant decrease in triglycerides. There was very little evidence on the effectiveness of dietary interventions for the prevention and control of dyslipidemias in HIV-infected patients receiving ART Arq Bras Endocrinol Metab. 2009;53(5):519-27.
Keratinous biomarker of mercury exposure associated with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis risk in a nationwide US study; Objective: The majority of cases of the fatal neurodegenerative disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) are of unknown etiology. A proportion of these cases are likely to be attributable to contaminant exposures, although the specific environmental etiology of ALS remains largely a mystery. Certain forms of the neurotoxic metal mercury readily cross into the central nervous system. Fish is a dietary source of methylmercury, but also of beneficial components, such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Prior work using clinic-based studies of toenails and hair as keratinous biomarkers of exposure suggest elevated mercury levels in ALS patients compared with controls. We sought to validate this relationship in a U.S. case-control comparison of mercury levels in nail clippings. Methods: We performed trace element analysis using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) on the nail clippings of n = 70 female, geographically representative ALS patients from the National ALS Biorepository and compared them to n = 210 age-matched controls from a set of n = 1216 nationally distributed controls from the Sister and Two Sister Studies. Results: Compared to the lowest quartile of nail mercury, moderate levels were associated with decreased risk of ALS (P = 4.18e-6). However, the odds of having nail mercury levels above the 90th percentile were 2.3-fold higher among ALS patients compared with controls (odds ratio (OR) = 2.3, 95% confidence interval 1.10-4.58, adjusted for age and smoking status). Conclusion: This finding suggests that excessive mercury exposure may be associated with the neurodegenerative health of aging populations.
Association of metreleptin treatment and dietary intervention with neurological outcomes in Celia's encephalopathy; Celia's encephalopathy (progressive encephalopathy with/without lipodystrophy, PELD) is a recessive neurodegenerative disease that is fatal in childhood. It is caused by a c. 985C>T variant in the BSCL2/seipin gene that results in an aberrant seipin protein. We evaluated neurological development before and during treatment with human recombinant leptin (metreleptin) plus a dietary intervention rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the only living patient. A 7 years and 10 months old girl affected by PELD was treated at age 3 years with metreleptin, adding at age 6 omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. Her mental age was evaluated using the Battelle Developmental Inventory Screening Test (BDI), and brain PET/MRI was performed before treatment and at age 5, 6.5, and 7.5 years. At age 7.5 years, the girl remains alive and leads a normal life for her mental age of 30 months, which increased by 4 months over the last 18 months according to BDI. PET images showed improved glucose uptake in the thalami, cerebellum, and brainstem. This patient showed a clear slowdown in neurological regression during leptin replacement plus a high PUFA diet. The aberrant BSCL2 transcript was overexpressed in SH-SY5Y cells and was treated with docosahexaenoic acid (200 mu M) plus leptin (0.001 mg/ml) for 24 h. The relative expression of aberrant BSCL2 transcript was measured by qPCR. In vitro studies showed significant reduction (32%) in aberrant transcript expression. This therapeutic approach should be further studied in this devastating disease.
Homeostasis of phospholipids - The level of phosphatidylethanolamine tightly adapts to changes in ethanolamine plasmalogens; Ethanolamine plasmalogens constitute a group of ether glycerophospholipids that, due to their unique biophysical and biochemical properties, are essential components of mammalian cellular membranes. Their importance is emphasized by the consequences of defects in plasmalogen biosynthesis, which in humans cause the fatal disease rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata (RCDP). In the present lipidomic study, we used fibroblasts derived from RCDP patients, as well as brain tissue from plasmalogen-deficient mice, to examine the compensatory mechanisms of lipid homeostasis in response to plasmalogen deficiency. Our results show that phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), a diacyl glycerophospholipid, which like ethanolamine plasmalogens carries the head group ethanolamine, is the main player in the adaptation to plasmalogen insufficiency. PE levels were tightly adjusted to the amount of ethanolamine plasmalogens so that their combined levels were kept constant Similarly, the total amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in ethanolamine phospholipids was maintained upon plasmalogen deficiency. However, we found an increased incorporation of arachidonic acid at the expense of docosahexaenoic acid in the PE fraction of plasmalogen-deficient tissues. These data show that under conditions of reduced plasmalogen levels, the amount of total ethanolamine phospholipids is precisely maintained by a rise in PE. At the same time, a shift in the ratio between omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs occurs, which might have unfavorable, long-term biological consequences. Therefore, our findings are not only of interest for RCDP but may have more widespread implications also for other disease conditions, as for example Alzheimer's disease, that have been associated with a decline in plasmalogens. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Treatment and outcomes of dogs with hepatocutaneous syndrome or hepatocutaneous-associated hepatopathy; Background Superficial necrolytic dermatitis (SND) in dogs is a rare disorder most commonly associated with hepatocutaneous syndrome. Although often reported as fatal, sporadically reported long-term remissions might be more common than previously believed and linked to treatment regimens. Hypothesis/Objectives Evaluate treatments and associated outcomes in dogs with hepatocutaneous-associated hepatopathy (HCH) with or without SND, designated collectively aminoaciduric canine hypoaminoacidemic hepatopathy syndrome (ACHES). Animals Forty-one dogs of various breeds and ages diagnosed with ACHES. Methods Retrospective study. Electronic surveys, medical records (2014-2019), and communication with veterinarians provided data. Three treatment categories were each dichotomized: IV amino acid (IV-AA) infusions (>= 2 vs <2), supplements including S-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), arginine with ornithine, glutathione, lysine, proline, omega-3 fatty acids, or zinc (>= 3 vs <3), and diet type (home-cooked vs commercial). Optimal treatment was defined as receiving >= 2 IV-AA treatments, >= 3 nutritional supplements, and a home-cooked diet. Results Most dogs (29/41, 71%) received IV-AA infusions (23/29, >= 2 infusions). Twenty-one dogs (51%) were fed commercial diets; 17/41 (41%) were fed home-cooked diets. Most dogs received SAMe (32/41, 78%) and a median of 3 supplements. In 4 dogs, HCH remission occurred. Overall all-cause median survival time (MST) was 359 days, and disease-specific MST was 557 days (range, 1-1783 days). Optimally treated dogs (n = 9) lived significantly longer (MST, >1783 days, P = .02) than variably treated dogs (MST, 214 days). Conclusions and Clinical Importance Optimized ACHES management can resolve SND and HCH and confer long-term survival.
Dietary Nutrient Intake and Progression to Late Age-Related Macular Degeneration in the Age-Related Eye Disease Studies 1 and 2; Purpose: To analyze associations between the dietary intake of multiple nutrients and risk of progression to late age-related macular degeneration (AMD), its subtypes, and large drusen.
A Narrative Review of the Published Pre-Clinical Evaluations: Multiple Effects of Arachidonic Acid, its Metabolic Enzymes and Metabolites in Epilepsy; Arachidonic acid (AA), an important polyunsaturated fatty acid in the brain, is hydrolyzed by a direct action of phospholipase A2 (PLA2) or through the combined action of phospholipase C and diacylglycerol lipase, and released into the cytoplasm. Various derivatives of AA can be synthesized mainly through the cyclooxygenase (COX), lipoxygenase (LOX) and cytochrome P450 (P450) enzyme pathways. AA and its metabolic enzymes and metabolites play important roles in a variety of neurophysiological activities. The abnormal metabolites and their catalytic enzymes in the AA cascade are related to the pathogenesis of various central nervous system (CNS) diseases, including epilepsy. Here, we systematically reviewed literatures in PubMed about the latest randomized controlled trials, animal studies and clinical studies concerning the known features of AA, its metabolic enzymes and metabolites, and their roles in epilepsy. The exclusion criteria include non-original studies and articles not in English.
Evolutionary and ecological correlates of thiaminase in fishes; Thiamine (vitamin B1) is required by all living organisms in multiple metabolic pathways. It is scarce in natural systems, and deficiency can lead to reproductive failure, neurological issues, and death. One major cause of thiamine deficiency is an overreliance on diet items containing the enzyme thiaminase. Thiaminase activity has been noted in many prey fishes and linked to cohort failure in salmonid predators that eat prey fish with thiaminase activity, yet it is generally unknown whether evolutionary history, fish traits, and/or environmental conditions lead to production of thiaminase. We conducted literature and GenBank BLAST sequence searches to collect thiaminase activity data and sequence homology data in expressed protein sequences for 300 freshwater and marine fishes. We then tested whether presence or absence of thiaminase could be predicted by evolutionary relationships, trophic level, omega-3 fatty acid concentrations, habitat, climate, invasive potential, and body size. There was no evolutionary relationship with thiaminase activity. It first appears in Class Actinoptergyii (bony ray-finned fishes) and is present across the entire Actinoptergyii phylogeny in both primitive and derived fish orders. Instead, ecological factors explained the most variation in thiaminase: fishes were more likely to express thiaminase if they fed closer to the base of the food web, were high in polyunsaturated fatty acids, lived in freshwater, and were from tropical climates. These data provide a foundation for understanding sources of thiaminase leading to thiamine deficiency in fisheries and other organisms, including humans that eat uncooked fish.
Growth performance, carcass characteristics and fatty acid composition of finishing pigs fed on graded levels of <i>Vachellia tortilis</i> leaf meal; The objective of the study was to determine growth performance, carcass characteristics and fatty acid composition of pigs fed on graded levels of Vachellia tortilis leaf meal (VTLM) diets. Forty-eight male Large White x Landrace finishing pigs with a mean (+/- standard deviation) body weight of 63.6 +/- 0.73 kg (mean +/- SD) aged 14 weeks were used. Pigs were allocated to individual pens in a completely randomized design and were assigned to six experimental diets containing 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 150 g/kg dry matter of VTLM. Each diet was offered ad libitum with fresh water to eight pigs in individual pens. There was a linear increase (P< 0.05) in ADFI and a linear decrease (P<0.05) in ADG and G: F with increase inclusion levels of VTLM. There was a quadratic response (P < 0.05) in intramuscular fat with increasing levels of VTLM. The inclusion of VTLM linearly (P < 0.05) decreased slaughter weight, warm carcass weight, cold carcass weight, cooler shrink and back-fat thickness. Total saturated fatty acids (TSFA) and total n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) decreased linearly (P <0.001) with increasing levels of VTLM. There was a quadratic increase (P <0.001) in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), total PUFA and total n-3 PUFA with increase inclusion of VTLM diet. The inclusion of VTLM reduced the total SFA and total n-6 PUFA while increasing the proportion of total MUFA and n-3 PUFA of pork. The optimum MUFA and total n-3 fatty were obtained at approximately 70 g/kg DM of V. tortilis leaf meal inclusion level.
Association between the ratio of serum arachidonic acid to eicosapentaenoic acid and the presence of depressive symptoms in a general Japanese population: the Hisayama Study; Background: Epidemiological evidence suggests that fish consumption and intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)-namely, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-confer protection against depression. However, few studies have addressed the influence of the balance between n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA in the human body on depression.
From Pest to Profit-The Potential of Shipworms for Sustainable Aquaculture; We face a food crisis. Suboptimal diet is the biggest cause of death worldwide, food production the biggest greenhouse gas emitting sector, and by 2050 an extra 2.5 billion people need affordable nutrition. Current farming systems will fail to tackle this crisis, and there is an urgent need to diversify global food production and find effective solutions in currently underexploited food sectors. Shipworms, or shell-lessTeredoclams, could prove a highly valuable component of such solutions. Historically viewed as a marine pest, they have unique physiological characteristics which make them an ideal food source, including exceptionally fast growth rates, the ability to feed on waste wood or sustainable microalgae, and a high protein and omega 3 content. Today only a select few traditional cultures in the Philippines consume shipworms, but there is considerable opportunity to develop mechanisms to farm shipworms and provide a sustainable, nutrient rich, affordable food source. This will require significant challenges to be overcome, ranging from fundamental research to industry development to food processing and marketing. Leveraging new innovations in breeding, aquaculture feeds, growth systems, food processing methodologies and consumer engagement can however offer powerful solutions, and could help turn what was once a maritime villain into a nutritional savior.
Effect of tomato consumption on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level: a randomized, single-blinded, controlled clinical trial; Introduction: Epidemiologic evidence suggests that tomato-based products could reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases. One of the main cardiovascular risk factors is low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). This study aimed to prospectively evaluate the effect of tomato consumption on HDL-C levels.
A new functional role of mitochondria-anchored protein ligase in peroxisome morphology in mammalian cells; Mitochondria and peroxisomes are metabolically interconnected and functionally active subcellular organelles. These two dynamic organelles, share a number of common biochemical functions such as beta-oxidation of fatty acids and detoxification of peroxides. The biogenesis and morphology of both these organelles in the mammalian cells is controlled by common transcription factors like PGC1 alpha, and by a common fission machinery comprising of fission proteins like DRP1, Mff, and hFis1, respectively. In addition, the outer membrane mitochondria-anchored protein ligase (MAPL), the first mitochondrial SUMO E3 ligase with a RING-finger domain, also regulates mitochondrial morphology inducing mitochondrial fragmentation upon its overexpression. This fragmentation is dependent on both the RING domain of MAPL and the presence of the mitochondrial fission GTPase dynamin-related protein-1 (DRP1). Earlier studies have demonstrated that mitochondrial-derived vesicles are formed independently of the known mitochondrial fission GTPase, DRP1 are enriched for MAPL and are targeted to peroxisomes. The current study shows that MAPL regulates morphology of peroxisomes in a cell-type specific manner. Fascinatingly, the peroxisome elongation caused either due to silencing of DRP1 or by addition of polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid was blocked by overexpressing MAPL in mammalian cell lines. Furthermore, the transfection and colocalisation studies of MAPL with peroxisome membrane marker, PMP70, in different cell lines clearly revealed a cell-type specificity of transport of MAPL to peroxisomes. Previous work has placed the Vps35 (retromer component) as vital for delivery of MAPL to peroxisomes, placing the retromer as critical for the formation of MAPL-positive mitochondrial-derived vesicles. The results of polyethylene glycol-based cell-cell fusion assay signified that the enrichment of MAPL in peroxisomes is through vesicles and a retromer dependent phenomenon. Thus, a novel function for MAPL in peroxisomes is established to regulate peroxisome elongation and morphology under growth conditions and thus possibly modulate peroxisome fission.
Biochemical label-free tissue imaging with subcellular-resolution synchrotron FTIR with focal plane array detector; The critical questions into the cause of neural degeneration, in Alzheimer disease and other neurodegenerative disorders, are closely related to the question of why certain neurons survive. Answers require detailed understanding of biochemical changes in single cells. Fourier transform infrared microspectroscopy is an excellent tool for biomolecular imaging in situ, but resolution is limited. The mid-infrared beamline IRENI (InfraRed ENvironmental Imaging) at the Synchrotron Radiation Center, University of Wisconsin-Madison, enables label-free subcellular imaging and biochemical analysis of neurons with an increase of two orders of magnitude in pixel spacing over current systems. With IRENI's capabilities, it is now possible to study changes in individual neurons in situ, and to characterize their surroundings, using only the biochemical signatures of naturally-occurring components in unstained, unfixed tissue. We present examples of analyses of brain from two transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer disease (TgCRND8 and 3xTg) that exhibit different features of pathogenesis. Data processing on spectral features for nuclei reveals individual hippocampal neurons, and neurons located in the proximity of amyloid plaque in TgCRND8 mouse. Elevated lipids are detected surrounding and, for the first time, within the dense core of amyloid plaques, offering support for inflammatory and aggregation roles. Analysis of saturated and unsaturated fatty acid ester content in retina allows characterization of neuronal layers. IRENI images also reveal spatially-resolved data with unprecedented clarity and distinct spectral variation, from sub-regions including photoreceptors, neuronal cell bodies and synapses in sections of mouse retina. Biochemical composition of retinal layers can be used to study changes related to disease processes and dietary modification. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
THE TOXIC EFFECT OF ARACHIDONIC-ACID AND OTHER UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS ON POTATO-TUBER CELLS; It is well known that arachidonic acid can elicit the accumulation of terpenoid phytoalexins in potato tubers. Other unsaturated fatty acids, such as linoleic and linolenic acid, do not elicit the accumulation of potato phytoalexins. However, both linoleic acid and arachidonic acid were found to elicit a hypersensitive-like response in protoplasts similar to that elicited by cell wall components from the fungus Phytophthora infestans. We continued our investigations to determine whether  unsaturated fatty acids elicit hypersensitive cell death in potato tuber tissue. It was found that unsaturated fatty acids were toxic to tuber cells. Linoleic acid and arachidonic acid were able to elicit significant cell death, whereas the esterified forms of arachidonic acid did not. Salicyl hydroxamic acid, which significantly blocked phytoalexin accumulation, did not block the cell death elicited by arachidonic acid. The data indicate that the toxic effect of arachidonic acid on potato tuber cells is unrelated to its ability to induce phytoalexin accumulation. The findings also indicate that protoplasts may still be useful in this host-pathogen interaction since both potato tuber cells and protoplasts react similarly to elicitor treatments.
Time-resolved fluorescence spectroscopy investigation of the effect of 4-hydroxynonenal on endogenous NAD(P)H in living cardiac myocytes; Lipid peroxidation is a major biochemical consequence of the oxidative deterioration of polyunsaturated lipids in cell membranes and causes damage to membrane integrity and loss of protein function. 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (HNE), one of the most reactive products of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation of membrane phospholipids, has been shown to be capable of affecting both nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (phosphate) reduced [NAD(P)H] as well as NADH production. However, the understanding of its effects in living cardiac cells is still lacking. Our goal was to therefore investigate HNE effects on NAD(P)H noninvasively in living cardiomyocytes. Spectrally resolved lifetime detection of endogenous fluorescence, an innovative noninvasive technique, was employed. Individual fluorescence components were resolved by spectral linear unmixing approach. Gathered results revealed that HNE reduced the amplitude of both resolved NAD(P)H components in a concentration-dependent manner. In addition, HNE increased flavoprotein fluorescence and responsiveness of the NAD(P)H component ratio to glutathione reductase (GR) inhibitor. HNE also increased the percentage of oxidized nucleotides and decreased maximal NADH production. Presented data indicate that HNE provoked an important cell oxidation by acting on NAD(P) H regulating systems in cardiomyocytes. Understanding the precise role of oxidative processes and their products in living cells is crucial for finding new noninvasive tools for biomedical diagnostics of pathophysiological states. (C) 2013 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE)
Can endogenous lipid molecules serve as predictors and prognostic markers of coronary heart disease?; Dyslipidemia, and inflammatory markers: high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), myeloperoxidase (MPO), lipoprotein associated phospholipase A(2)(Lp-PLA(2)), and lipid peroxides (LP) are insufficient to predict the onset, extent, and prognosis of CHD. Lipoxins (LXs), resolvins, and protectins are derived from omega-3 fatty acids: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and omega-6 arachidonic acid in the presence of aspirin; whereas nitrolipids are formed due to the interaction between polyunsaturated fatty acids and nitric oxide ( NO). LXs, resolvins, protectins, and nitrolipids are endogenous anti-inflammatory lipid molecules that inhibit production of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), suppress free radical generation, enhance NO generation; and accelerate tissue repair. Thus, beneficial actions of EPA/DHA and aspirin in CHD could be attributed to the formation of LXs, resolvins, protectins, and nitrolipids and suggest that their plasma levels aid in the prediction and prognosis of CHD.
A 16-Channel <SUP>13</SUP>C Array Coil for Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy of the Breast at 7T; Objective: Considering the reported elevation of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratios in breast neoplasms, one particularly important application of C-13 MRS could be in more fully understanding the breast lipidome's relationship to breast cancer incidence. However, the low natural abundance and gyromagnetic ratio of the C-13 isotope lead to detection sensitivity challenges. Previous C-13 MRS studies have relied on the use of small surface coils with limited field-of-view and shallow penetration depths to achieve adequate signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), and the use of receive array coils is still mostly unexplored. Methods: This work presents a unilateral breast 16-channel C-13 array coil and interfacing hardware designed to retain the surface sensitivity of a single small loop coil while improving penetration depth and extending the field-of-view over the entire breast at 7T. The coil was characterized through bench measurements and phantom C-13 spectroscopy experiments. Results: Bench measurements showed receive coil matching better than -17 dB and average preamplifier decoupling of 16.2 dB with no evident peak splitting. Phantom MRS studies show better than a three-fold increase in average SNR over the entirety of the breast region compared to volume coil reception alone as well as an ability for individual array elements to be used for coarse metabolite localization without the use of single-voxel or spectroscopic imaging methods. Conclusion: Our current study has shown the benefits of the array. Future in vivo lipidomics studies can be pursued. Significance: Development of the 16-channel breast array coil opens possibilities of in vivo lipidomics studies to elucidate the link between breast cancer incidence and lipid metabolics.
Altered Lipid Composition of Surfactant and Lung Tissue in Murine Experimental Malaria-Associated Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Malaria-associated acute lung injury (MA-ALI) and its more severe form malaria-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome (MA-ARDS) are common, often fatal complications of severe malaria infections. However, little is known about their pathogenesis. In this study, biochemical alterations of the lipid composition of the lungs were investigated as possible contributing factors to the severity of murine MA-ALI/ARDS. C57BL/6J mice were infected with Plasmodium berghei NK65 to induce lethal MA-ARDS, or with Plasmodium chabaudi AS, a parasite strain that does not induce lung pathology. The lipid profile of the lung tissue from mice infected with Plasmodium berghei NK65 developing MA-ALI/ARDS, but not that from mice without lung pathology or controls, was characterized by high levels of phospholipids -mainly phosphatidylcholine-and esterified cholesterol. The high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids and the linoleic/oleic fatty acid ratio of the latter reflect the fatty acid composition of plasma cholesterol esters. In spite of the increased total polyunsaturated fatty acid pool, which augments the relative oxidability of the lung membranes, and the presence of hemozoin, a known pro-oxidant, no excess oxidative stress was detected in the lungs of Plasmodium berghei NK65 infected mice. The bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluid of Plasmodium berghei NK65 infected mice was characterized by high levels of plasma proteins. The phospholipid profile of BAL large and small aggregate fractions was also different from uninfected controls, with a significant increase in the amounts of sphingomyelin and lysophosphatidylcholine and the decrease in phosphatidylglycerol. Both the increase of proteins and lysophosphatidylcholine are known to decrease the intrinsic surface activity of surfactant. Together, these data indicate that an altered lipid composition of lung tissue and BAL fluid, partially ascribed to oedema and lipoprotein infiltration, is a characteristic feature of murine MA-ALI/ARDS and possibly contribute to lung dysfunction.
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred, and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians, including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits, including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fiber, magnesium, potassium, folate, and antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than nonvegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease; vegetarians also show lower blood cholesterol levels; lower blood pressure; and lower rates, of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. Although a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes.
Position of the American dietetic association and dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred and these foods appear in many supermarkets.
Nutritional Composition, Fatty Acids Profile, Mineral Content, Antioxidant Activity and Acute Toxicity of the Flesh of <i>Helix aspesra</i> Muller; Humans consume snail flesh as part of their diet. To assess its nutritional value and toxicity, chemical analyses were conducted to confirm the presence of protein, total and reduced carbohydrates, fat, fatty acid composition and mineral components. Furthermore, an acute toxicity study was carried out to determine the safety of Helix aspersa Muller snail flesh. H. aspersa Muller snail flesh exhibits a high nutritional content, a good omega 3/omega 6 ratio and higher levels of unsaturated fatty acids. Various minerals have been found in the flesh of H. aspersa Muller. Around 76.91 kcal, or 3.84% of the energy of a daily meal of 2000 kcal, are present in 100 g of this flesh. The evaluation of the antioxidant capacity indicated that the flesh's extracts contained a large quantity of antioxidant biomolecules. Administration of the aqueous extract of H. aspersa Muller flesh didn't cause death in laboratory rats, indicating that the lethal dose 50 is greater than 2000 mg center dot kg(-1) body weight. The consumption of the flesh of H. aspersa Muller is highly recommended for human consumption due to its high concentration of nutrients and essential elements, as well as unsaturated fats, and due to its safety.
Dietary supplements, vitamins and minerals as potential interventions against viruses: Perspectives for COVID-19; The novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) causing COVID-19 disease pandemic has infected millions of people and caused more than thousands of deaths in many countries across the world. The number of infected cases is increasing day by day. Unfortunately, we do not have a vaccine and specific treatment for it. Along with the protective measures, respiratory and/or circulatory supports and some antiviral and retroviral drugs have been used against SARS-CoV-2, but there are no more extensive studies proving their efficacy. In this study, the latest publications in the field have been reviewed, focusing on the modulatory effects on the immunity of some natural antiviral dietary supplements, vitamins and minerals. Findings suggest that several dietary supplements, including black seeds, garlic, ginger, cranberry, orange, omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins (e.g., A, B vitamins, C, D, E), and minerals (e.g., Cu, Fe, Mg, Mn, Na, Se, Zn) have anti-viral effects. Many of them act against various species of respiratory viruses, including severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronaviruses. Therefore, dietary supplements, including vitamins and minerals, probiotics as well as individual nutritional behaviour can be used as adjuvant therapy together with antiviral medicines in the management of COVID-19 disease.
Investigation of DHA-Induced Regulation of Redox Homeostasis in Retinal Pigment Epithelium Cells through the Combination of Metabolic Imaging and Molecular Biology; Diabetes-induced oxidative stress leads to the onset of vascular complications, which are major causes of disability and death in diabetic patients. Among these, diabetic retinopathy (DR) often arises from functional alterations of the blood-retinal barrier (BRB) due to damaging oxidative stress reactions in lipids, proteins, and DNA. This study aimed to investigate the impact of the omega 3-polyunsaturated docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the regulation of redox homeostasis in the human retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cell line (ARPE-19) under hyperglycemic-like conditions. The present results show that the treatment with DHA under high-glucose conditions activated erythroid 2-related factor Nrf2, which orchestrates the activation of cellular antioxidant pathways and ultimately inhibits apoptosis. This process was accompanied by a marked increase in the expression of NADH (Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide plus Hydrogen) Quinone Oxidoreductase 1 (Nqo1), which is correlated with a contextual modulation and intracellular re-organization of the NAD+/NADH redox balance. This investigation of the mechanisms underlying the impairment induced by high levels of glucose on redox homeostasis of the BRB and the subsequent recovery provided by DHA provides both a powerful indicator for the detection of RPE cell impairment as well as a potential metabolic therapeutic target for the early intervention in its treatment.
Abnormalities of mitochondrial functioning can partly explain the metabolic disorders encountered in sarcopenic gastrocnemius; Aging triggers several abnormalities in muscle glycolytic fibers including increased proteolysis, reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and apoptosis. Since the mitochondria are the main site of substrate oxidation, ROS production and programmed cell death, we tried to know whether the cellular disorders encountered in sarcopenia are due to abnormal mitochondrial functioning. Gastrocnemius mitochondria were extracted from adult (6 months) and aged (21 months) male Wistar rats. Respiration parameters, opening of the permeability transition pore and ROS production, with either glutamate (amino acid metabolism) or pyruvate (glucose metabolism) as a respiration substrate, were evaluated at different matrix calcium concentrations. Pyruvate dehydrogenase and respiratory complex activities as well as their contents measured by Western blotting analysis were determined. Furthermore, the fatty acid profile of mitochondrial phospholipids was also measured. At physiological calcium concentration, state III respiration rate was lowered by aging in pyruvate conditions (-22%), but not with glutamate. The reduction of pyruvate oxidation resulted from a calcium-dependent inactivation of the pyruvate dehydrogenase system and could provide for the well-known proteolysis encountered during sarcopenia. Matrix calcium loading and aging increased ROS production. They also reduced the oxidative phosphorylation. This was associated with lower calcium retention capacities, suggesting that sarcopenic fibers are more prone to programmed cell death. Aging was also associated with a reduced mitochondrial superoxide dismutase activity, which does not intervene in toxic ROS overproduction but could explain the lower calcium retention capacities. Despite a lower content, cytochrome c oxidase displayed an increased activity associated with an increased n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio of mitochondrial phospholipids. In conclusion, we propose that mitochondria obtained from aged muscle fibers display several functional abnormalities explaining the increased proteolysis, ROS overproduction and vulnerability to apoptosis exhibited by sarcopenic muscle. These changes appear to be related to modifications of the fatty acid profile of mitochondrial lipids.
Nutraceutical Properties of Mediterranean Diet and Cognitive Decline: Possible Underlying Mechanisms; Recent prospective studies provided evidence that higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet could be associated with slower cognitive decline, reduced risk of progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease (AD), reduced risk of AD, and decreased mortality in AD patients. Furthermore, the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) combines several foods, micro- and macronutrients already separately proposed as potential protective factors against dementia and predementia syndromes. At present, epidemiological evidence suggests a possible association between fish consumption, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (particularly, n-3 PUFA), and reduced risk of cognitive decline and dementia. Light to moderate alcohol use may be associated with a reduced risk of incident dementia and AD, while for vascular dementia, cognitive decline, and predementia syndromes, the current evidence is only suggestive of a protective effect. Finally, the limited epidemiological evidence available on fruit and vegetable consumption and cognition generally support a protective role of these macronutrients against cognitive decline, dementia, and AD. We reviewed evidence on the possible mechanisms underlying the suggested protective role of MeDi against age-related changes in cognitive function, predementia syndromes, and dementia, examining the possible role of macronutrients and food nutrients of the MeDi and their nutraceutical properties in modulating the risk of cognitive decline. Although vascular variables are likely to be in the causal pathway between MeDi and dementia syndromes and should be considered as possible mediators, other nonvascular biological mechanisms (i.e., metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory) may be invoked to explain the complex epidemiological association between MeDi and cognitive decline.
The efficacy of neutraceuticals to alleviate dog osteoarthritis symptoms, a meta-analysis of case-control trials; Osteoarthritis is a common condition in dogs. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are currently the most widely used treatment option; however, their chronic use is associated with numerous malefic side effects, including death. There has been increased interest in alternative treatments and nutraceuticals have assumed fundamental importance. A number of individual studies and systematic reviews have been done, but no meta-analysis has been produced to date. By conducting a meta-analysis, we aimed to fill this research gap. We combined the results of 13 case placebo controlled trials in a single major study, to determine the efficacy of nutraceuticals in alleviating symptoms of osteoarthritis. A population of 638 dogs was used, from which 327 were treated with nutraceuticals and 321 were used as controls. A successful random effects model was adjusted (P<0.001), with a risk ratio of 0.62 within a 95% CI of [0.47; 0.81], favouring the use of nutraceuticals. The nutraceuticals used in the trials were green-lipped mussel, chondroitin sulphate, an extract of India and Java turmeric (P54FP), a homeopathic combination preparation known as Zeel & REG;, & omega;-3 fatty acids, deep sea fish oil, a mix of glucosamine with chondroitin sulphate and hyaluronic acid, and cannabidiol.
Metabolite Profiles Correlate Closely with Neurobehavioral Function in Experimental Spinal Cord Injury in Rats; Traumatic spinal cord injury (SCI) results in direct physical damage and the generation of local factors contributing to secondary pathogenesis. Untargeted metabolomic profiling was used to uncover metabolic changes and to identify relationships between metabolites and neurobehavioral functions in the spinal cord after injury in rats. In the early metabolic phase, neuronal signaling, stress, and inflammation-associated metabolites were strongly altered. A dynamic inflammatory response consisting of elevated levels of prostaglandin E2 and palmitoyl ethanolamide as well as pro- and anti-inflammatory polyunsaturated fatty acids was observed. N-acetyl-aspartyl-glutamate (NAAG) and N-acetyl-aspartate (NAA) were significantly decreased possibly reflecting neuronal cell death. A second metabolic phase was also seen, consistent with membrane remodeling and antioxidant defense response. These metabolomic changes were consistent with the pathology and progression of SCI. Several metabolites, including NAA, NAAG, and the omega-3 fatty acids docosapentaenoate and docosahexaenoate correlated greatly with the established Basso, Beattie and Bresnahan locomotive score (BBB score). Our findings suggest the possibility of a biochemical basis for BBB score and illustrate that metabolites may correlate with neurobehavior. In particular the NAA level in the spinal cord might provide a meaningful biomarker that could help to determine the degree of injury severity and prognosticate neurologic recovery.
Dietary Supplements Potentially Target Plasma Glutathione Levels to Improve Cardiometabolic Health in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) continue to be the leading cause of death in people with diabetes mellitus. Severely suppressed intracellular antioxidant defenses, including low plasma glutathione (GSH) levels, are consistently linked with the pathological features of diabetes such as oxidative stress and inflammation. In fact, it has already been established that low plasma GSH levels are associated with increased risk of CVD in people with diabetes. Dietary supplements are widely used and may offer therapeutic benefits for people with diabetes at an increased risk of developing CVDs. However, such information remains to be thoroughly scrutinized. Hence, the current systematic review explored prominent search engines, including PubMed and Google Scholar, for updated literature from randomized clinical trials reporting on the effects of dietary supplements on plasma GSH levels in people with diabetes. Available evidence indicates that dietary supplements, such as coenzyme Q(10), selenium, curcumin, omega-3 fatty acids, and vitamin E or D, may potentially improve cardiometabolic health in patients with diabetes. Such beneficial effects are related to enhancing plasma GSH levels and reducing cholesterol, including biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation. However, available evidence is very limited and additional clinical studies are still required to validate these findings, including resolving issues related to the bioavailability of these bioactive compounds.
DIFFERENTIAL-EFFECTS OF 3 ENTERAL DIETARY REGIMENS ON SELECTED OUTCOME VARIABLES IN BURN PATIENTS; A modular tube feeding recipe (MTF) was designed to meet the unique nutritional needs of burn patients, applying principles previously documented in our burned guinea pig model. MTF, a high-protein, low-fat, linoleic acid-restricted formulation is enriched with omega-3 fatty acids, arginine, cysteine, histidine, vitamin A, zinc, and ascorbic acid. Fifty patients, 3 to 76 years of age with burns ranging from 10 to 89% total body surface area were prospectively randomized into three groups which  blindly compared MTF to two enteral regimens widely utilized in the nutritional support of burns. Age, percent total and third-degree burn, resting energy expenditure, and calorie and protein intake were similar in all groups. Data analysis demonstrated significant superiority of MTF in the reduction of wound infection (p < 0.03) and length of stay/percent burn (p < 0.02). MTF was also associated with a decreased incidence of diarrhea, improved glucose tolerance, lower serum triglycerides,  reduced total number of infections episodes and trends toward improved preservation of muscle mass, although statistical significance was not achieved. Seventy percent of deaths occurred in the group supported with an inherently large dose of fat and linoleic acid. Combining these observations, it is believed that MTF is effective in modulating an improved response to burn injury.
DIFFERENCES IN TISSUE-SPECIFIC LIPID-COMPOSITION BETWEEN EMBRYOS OF WILD AND CAPTIVE BREEDING ALLIGATORS (ALLIGATOR-MISSISSIPPIENSIS); Fertile eggs obtained from alligators reared in captivity typically exhibit high rates of embryonic mortality. Also, the fatty acid composition of the yolk lipid of the captive eggs is markedly different from that observed in eggs from wild alligators, possibly as a result of differences in maternal diet in the two situations. The fatty acid compositions of tissue lipids during the embryonic development of wild and captive alligators were compared. The lipids of liver, adipose tissue and heart of the two types of embryo displayed fatty acid profiles which generally reflected the acyl compositions of the respective yolks. Thus the lipids from these tissues of the captive embryos contained markedly higher proportionate levels of linoleic and linolenic acids, lower levels of palmitoleic acid, and, in general, lower levels of docosahexaenoic acid and other C20 and C22 polyunsaturates, in comparison to the values for the wild embryos. In contrast, the fatty acid composition of the brain phosphoglycerides was very similar in the two types of embryo. Thus, at least in those embryos which had survived during the developmental period studied, the brain was able to maintain a relatively constant fatty acid composition, in spite of major differences between the wild and captive eggs in the proportions of the various fatty acids supplied from the yolk. It is suggested that a major cause of embryonic mortality in the captive embryos could be a failure to maintain an adequate level of docosahexaenoic acid in the developing brain.
Are the associations between diet and C-reactive protein independent of obesity?; Objectives. To determine the relative magnitude of the effect of dietary factors on circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) levels, controlling for BMI.
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, and the Underlying Altered Fatty Acid Metabolism, Reveals Brain Hypoperfusion and Contributes to the Cognitive Decline in APP/PS1 Mice; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), the leading cause of chronic liver disease, is associated with cognitive decline in middle-aged adults, but the mechanisms underlying this association are not clear. We hypothesized that NAFLD would unveil the appearance of brain hypoperfusion in association with altered plasma and brain lipid metabolism. To test our hypothesis, amyloid precursor protein/presenilin-1 (APP/PS1) transgenic mice were fed a standard diet or a high-fat, cholesterol and cholate diet, inducing NAFLD without obesity and hyperglycemia. The diet-induced NAFLD disturbed monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid (MUFAs, PUFAs) metabolism in the plasma, liver, and brain, and particularly reduced n-3 PUFAs levels. These alterations in lipid homeostasis were associated in the brain with an increased expression of Tnf, Cox2, p21, and Nox2, reminiscent of brain inflammation, senescence, and oxidative stress. In addition, compared to wild-type (WT) mice, while brain perfusion was similar in APP/PS1 mice fed with a chow diet, NAFLD in APP/PS1 mice reveals cerebral hypoperfusion and furthered cognitive decline. NAFLD reduced plasma (40)- and (42)-amyloid levels and altered hepatic but not brain expression of genes involved in -amyloid peptide production and clearance. Altogether, our results suggest that in a mouse model of Alzheimer disease (AD) diet-induced NAFLD contributes to the development and progression of brain abnormalities through unbalanced brain MUFAs and PUFAs metabolism and cerebral hypoperfusion, irrespective of brain amyloid pathology that may ultimately contribute to the pathogenesis of AD.
MALDI-MSI of lipids in a model of breast cancer brain metastasis provides a surrogate measure of ischemia/hypoxia; Breast cancer brain metastasis (BCBM) has an incidence of 10-30%. It is incurable and the biological mechanisms that promote its progression remain largely undefined. Consequently, to gain insights into BCBM processes, we have developed a spontaneous mouse model of BCBM and in this study found a 20% penetrance of macro-metastatic brain lesion formation. Considering that lipid metabolism is indispensable to metastatic progression, our goal was the mapping of lipid distributions throughout the metastatic regions of the brain. Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry imaging (MALDI-MSI) of lipids revealed that, relative to surrounding brain tissue, seven long-chain (13-21 carbons long) fatty acylcarnitines, as well as two phosphatidylcholines, two phosphatidylinositols two diacylglycerols, a long-chain phosphatidylethanolamine, and a long-chain sphingomyelin were highly concentrated in the metastatic brain lesion In broad terms, lipids known to be enriched in brain tissues, such as very long-chain (>= 22 carbons in length) polyunsaturated fatty acid of phosphatidylcholines, phosphatidylethanolamine, sphingomyelins, sulfatides, phosphatidylinositol phosphates, and galactosylceramides, were not found or only found in trace amounts in the metastatic lesion and instead consistently detected in surrounding brain tissues. The data, from this mouse model, highlights an accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines as possible biological makers of a chaotic inefficient vasculature within the metastasis, resulting in relatively inadequate blood flow and disruption of fatty acid beta-oxidation due to ischemia/hypoxia.
Carcass parameters and meat quality of Tibetan sheep and Small-tailed Han sheep consuming diets of low-protein content and different energy yields; Today, consumers are very health conscious and are more aware of the nutritional value of food, especially of meat, than they were in the past. The aim of this study was to evaluate the carcass parameters and meat quality of Tibetan sheep and Small-tailed Han sheep when consuming a diet of low-protein (7%) and different energy yields (digestible energy, 8.21, 9.33, 10.45 and 11.57 MJ/kg) in the cold season. Twelve sheep of each breed were divided randomly into four treatments of different diets with three replicates per treatment per breed. Crude protein of the meat decreased linearly (p < .05), whereas energy increased linearly (p < .05) with an increase in energy level. Tibetan sheep tended to have a higher (p < .1) dressing percentage and rib eye area, while live body weight and hot carcass weight did not differ between breeds but increased linearly (p < .01) with an increase in energy level. Water holding capacity, as indicated by pressing loss and drip loss, did not differ between breeds and was not affected by dietary energy. The concentration of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was greater in Tibetan sheep meat but saturated fatty acids (SFAs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and n-6 PUFA did not differ between breeds. With an increase in energy content of the diet, SFA decreased (p < .05), whereas MUFA increased (p < .05). The n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio was lower (p < .001) in Tibetan sheep meat, while the atherogenic index did not differ between breeds, but tended to decrease (p < .1) with an increase in dietary energy content. The essential amino acid (EAA) content and ratio of EAA:NEAA (non-essential amino acid) were close to the world standards for healthy meat. In summary, (a) Tibetan sheep meat was preferable to Small-tailed Han sheep meat, although differences between breeds were small; and (b) some carcass parameters and meat quality were improved with an increase in dietary energy level when a low-protein diet was offered.
Apoptosis in human primary brain tumours; Apoptosis, or programmed cell death, has been recognized for nearly three decades as occurring in many organs in response to different pathophysiological stimuli. It is now recognized as one of the fundamental cellular biological processes. In human glioma it was initially identified as 'shrinkage necrosis'. This review outlines the characteristics of apoptosis in the various types of primary human brain tumours. The significance of apoptosis is reviewed in relation to normal and tumour cell dynamics, cellular susceptibility to normal and oncogenic signals and to potential therapeutic advances. On a practical level, methods which are currently used to analyse different aspects of the apoptotic process are introduced. These techniques for analysing apoptosis are critically evaluated and compared. Current developments elucidating the diverse pathways of apoptosis signalling are also reviewed. The potential of pro-apoptotic therapy for the treatment of gliomas is discussed.
Women's Higher Risk with N-6 PUFA vs. Men's Relative Advantage: An "N-6 Gender Nutrition Paradox" Hypothesis; The "Israeli Paradox" (1996) of low national health rankings despite adequate diet - attributed to high dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) - coincided with long-observed dichotomies between women's worse international status vs. men's advantage. This raised the possibility of a gender link to high n-6 risk potentially explaining both national phenomena. Israeli women's disadvantage was shown by worse international rankings, i.e., life expectancy (LE) - 11th vs. men's 3rd-best/22 countries (2000), and 14th vs. 6th/34 (2010); and all-cause and all-cancer mortality - both 15th vs. 2nd-best/22 (2000), and 15th vs. 6th/22 and 12th vs. 2nd-best/22 (2010). Cancer mortality rates for breast were 21.8% above vs. prostate 30.4% below Eur-A (27 country) averages (2005). Gender gaps/ratios were smaller than European Union-15 averages, i.e., for LE at birth by 34.4-26.4% (2000-2010), respectively, and at 65 years 45.9-35.3%; all-cause mortality by 43.3-33.4%, and all-cancer 65.2-58.7%. The Israeli diet was mostly close to guidelines, but n-6 intake (10-12% kcal) was much higher than recommended and traditional "Mediterranean diet" levels. Research showing females' greater potential for conversion of PUFA to long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) may suggest increased production of n-6 eicosanoids with known proinflammatory/oxidative/carcinogenic potential. An "Israeli N-6 Gender Nutrition Paradox" hypothesis is suggested here for the first time, associating women's higher risk and lead in the national "paradox" with greater potential for n-6 conversion to pro-inflammatory/oxidative/carcinogenic eicosanoids compared to men. This may also exacerbate women's risk associated with genetic predisposition (i.e., BRCA) and/or sociopolitical stress. Global abandonment of traditional diets/foods together with increasing n-6 consumption and western disease rates emphasize the importance of considering gender nutrition in epidemiology and preventive strategies. IMAJ 2012; 14:435-441
Cardiac Oxidative Stress and the Therapeutic Approaches to the Intake of Antioxidant Supplements and Physical Activity; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are strongly reactive chemical entities that include oxygen regulated by enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidant defense mechanisms. ROS contribute significantly to cell homeostasis in the heart by regulating cell proliferation, differentiation, and excitation-contraction coupling. When ROS generation surpasses the ability of the antioxidant defense mechanisms to buffer them, oxidative stress develops, resulting in cellular and molecular disorders and eventually in heart failure. Oxidative stress is a critical factor in developing hypoxia- and ischemia-reperfusion-related cardiovascular disorders. This article aimed to discuss the role of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of cardiac diseases such as hypertension and endothelial dysfunction. This review focuses on the various clinical events and oxidative stress associated with cardiovascular pathophysiology, highlighting the benefits of new experimental treatments such as creatine supplementation, omega-3 fatty acids, microRNAs, and antioxidant supplements in addition to physical exercise</p>
Monitoring metabolic syndrome in Italy: a pilot study; Objective: The Metabolic Syndrome (MS) in relation to the Mediterranean Diet in a sample of the Italian population. Method: A pilot study was carried out in 10 different towns in Italy on 307 subjects of both sexes (age between 20 and 85 years) using a Mobile Unit (MU) for the collection of history, anthropometric data, vital indexes, echocardiography and the laboratory surveys of the subjects. The prevalence of MS was determined according to AT-PIII. The diet was monitored by a questionnaire based on the analysis of 9 categories of food (9TF); anthropometric and vital indexes, echocardiography and lab assessment were carried out by the same team using the instruments of the MU. Results: The prevalence of MS was 18.5% (with no relevant gender differences. In subjects with MS the age was 9 years higher in males (65 vs 56 years) and 14 years in females (64 vs 50 years); the height was lower of 3 cm; school attendance was significantly reduced; sedentariness seems not to be discriminant since it is present in most of the cases with or without MS; cereal consumption was significantly higher for both genders; alcool consumption was higher in males and lower in females (as a trend); energy intake was significantly higher in males only; carotid wall thickening was significantly more severe with no gender differences. Age correction is flattening some of the differences but did not substantially affect the alimentary parameters. Conclusions: The MS is present in subjects who follow the Mediterranean Diet, particularly when energy intake is rich in carbohydrates. The use of fruits and vegetables does not decrease its prevalence. Other elements such as age, genetics, and school attendance are important for its expression.
Ageing and eating; Epidemiological studies propose that extension of the human lifespan or the reduction of age associated diseases may be achieved by physical exercise, caloric restriction, and by consumption of certain substances such as resveratrol, selenium, flavonoids, zinc, omega 3 unsaturated fatty acids, vitamins E and C. Ginkgo biloba extracts, aspirin, green tea catechins, antioxidants in general, and even by light caffeine or alcohol consumption. Though intriguing, these studies only show correlative (not causative) effects between the application of the particular substance and longevity. On the other hand, obesity is yet a strong menace to the western society and it will emerge even more so throughout the next decades according to the prediction of the WHO. Although obesity is considered a severe problem, very little is known about the molecular mechanisms causing the associated degeneration of organs and finally death. Nutrient related adverse consequences for health and thus ageing may be due to a high sugar or high fat diet, excessive alcohol consumption and cigarette smoke amongst others. In this article we examine the interdependencies of eating and ageing and suggest yeast, one of the most successful ageing models, as an easy tool to elucidate the molecular pathways from eating to ageing. The conservation of most ageing pathways in yeast and their easy genetic tractability may provide a chance to discriminate between the correlative and causative effects of nutrition on ageing. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Lipid metabolism and hyperlipidemia in dogs; Lipid metabolism in dogs can be divided into exogenous and endogenous pathways and exhibits some unique characteristics compared to other species. Hyperlipidemia is common in dogs, and can be either primary or secondary to other diseases. Secondary hyperlipidemia is the most common form and can be a result of endocrine disorders, pancreatitis, cholestasis, protein-losing nephropathy, obesity, and high fat diets. Primary hyperlipidemia is less common and usually associated with certain breeds. Hypertriglyceridemia of Miniature Schnauzers; is the most common type of primary hyperlipidemia in dogs in the United States, and appears to have a genetic basis although its etiology remains unknown. Possible complications of canine hyperlipidemia include pancreatitis, liver disease, atherosclerosis, ocular disease, and seizures. Management is achieved by administration of low fat diets with or without the administration of lipid-lowering agents such as omega-3 fatty acids, gemfibrozil, and niacin. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ratio of Serum n-3 to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Incidence of Major Adverse Cardiac Events in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Background: The relationship between major adverse cardiac events (MACE) and serum polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) parameters has not been well documented in patients who have undergone percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The aim of the present study was to investigate this relationship.
Brain ganglioside and glycoprotein sialic acid in breastfed compared with formula-fed infants; Background: The concentration of sialic acid in brain gangliosides and glycoproteins has been linked to learning ability in animal studies. Human milk is a rich source of sialic acid-containing oligosaccharides and is a potential source of exogenous sialic acid.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces apoptosis in Jurkat cells by a protein phosphatase-mediated process; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 fatty acid under intense investigation for its ability to modulate cancer cell growth and survival. This research was performed to study the cellular and molecular effects of DHA. Our experiments indicated that the treatment of Jurkat cells with DHA inhibited their survival, whereas similar concentrations (60 and 90 muM) of arachidonic acid and oleic acid had little effect. To explore the mechanism of inhibition, we used several measures of apoptosis to determine whether this process was involved in DHA-induced cell death in Jurkat cells. Caspase-3, an important cytosolic downstream regulator of apoptosis, is activated by death signals through proteolytic cleavage. Incubation of Jurkat cells with 60 and 90 mu \M DHA caused proteolysis of caspase-3 within 48 and 24 h, respectively. DHA treatment also caused the degradation of poly-ADP-ribose polymerase and DNA fragmentation as assayed by flow cytometric TUNEL (terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick end labeling) assay. These results indicate that DHA induces apoptosis in Jurkat leukemic cells. DHA-induced apoptosis was effectively inhibited by tautomycin and cypermethrin at concentrations that affect protein phosphatase 1 (PP1) and protein phosphatase 2B (PP2B) activities, respectively, implying a role for these phosphatases in the apoptotic pathway. Okadaic acid, an inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2A, had no effect on DHA-induced apoptosis. These results suggest that one mechanism through which DHA may control cancer cell growth is through apoptosis involving PP1/PP2B protein phosphatase activities. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Heme-oxygenase and lipid mediators in obesity and associated cardiometabolic diseases: Therapeutic implications; Obesity-mediated metabolic syndrome remains the leading cause of death worldwide. Among many potential targets for pharmacological intervention, a promising strategy involves the heme oxygenase (HO) system, specifically its inducible form, HO-1. This review collects and updates much of the current knowledge relevant to pharmacology and clinical medicine concerning HO-1 in metabolic diseases and its effect on lipid metabolism. HO-1 has pleotropic effects that collectively reduce inflammation, while increasing vasodilation and insulin and leptin sensitivity. Recent reports indicate that HO-1 with its antioxidants via the effect of bilirubin increases formation of biologically active lipid metabolites such as epoxyeicosatrienoic acid (EET), omega-3 and other polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Similarly, HO-1and bilirubin are potential therapeutic targets in the treatment of fat-induced liver diseases. HO-1-mediated upregulation of EET is capable not only of reversing endothelial dysfunction and hypertension, but also of reversing cardiac remodeling, a hallmark of the metabolic syndrome. This process involves browning of white fat tissue (i.e. formation of healthy adipocytes) and reduced lipotoxicity, which otherwise will be toxic to the heart. More importantly, this review examines the activity of EET in biological systems and a series of pathways that explain its mechanism of action and discusses how these might be exploited for potential therapeutic use. We also discuss the link between cardiac ectopic fat deposition and cardiac function in humans, which is similar to that described in obese mice and is regulated by HO-1-EET-PGC1 alpha signaling, a potent negative regulator of the inflammatory adipokine NOV. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gut Microbiota and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Effect of Mediterranean Diet; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is a chronic autoimmune disease resulting from a complex interplay between genetic susceptibility and environmental factors. Regarding the latter, gut microbiota has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of T1DM, by affecting intestinal permeability, molecular mimicry, and modulating innate and adaptive immune system, as described in several previous studies. The composition of the gut microbiota is largely influenced by diet. Some observational studies have shown that a low fiber intake is associated with the development of many inflammatory and immune-mediated diseases. In this context, the Mediterranean diet (MD), which is based on high consumption of cereals (preferably as whole grains), legumes, nuts, vegetables, fruits, olive oil, and fish, could play a protective role. Many of the characteristic components of MD have functional characteristics with positive effects on health and well-being. Eating habits are the main significant determinants of the microbial multiplicity of the intestine and the food components influence both microbial populations and their metabolic activities from the early stages of life. Moreover, food metabolites influence the immune response. The intestine is considered the primary site where food metabolites mediate their effects, through epithelial integrity or mucosal immunity. The compromised epithelial integrity allows the translocation of bacteria and/or the diffusion of their products, such as food antigens and lipopolysaccharides, from the intestinal lumen to the tissues, which could enhance the stimulation of immune cells, contributing to the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases, such as T1DM. The intake of a high amount of fiber and therefore of prebiotics with MD allows the microbiota to have a good microbial balance. Moreover, as more dietary fibers are ingested, a higher amount of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) is produced by anaerobic gut microbiota, promoting gut homeostasis, to which also contribute tryptophan metabolites and omega-3-fatty acids. Furthermore, the higher intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids and omega-3-fatty-acids contribute to a better metabolic control. In this review we report the relationship between gut microbiota and T1DM and we explore the effects of Mediterranean diet on microbiota as a potential therapeutic strategy, aimed at preventing or delaying progression of T1DM and its complications.
Food Intake and Colorectal Cancer; Colorectal cancer (CRC) accounts for considerable mortalities worldwide. Several modifiable risk factors, including a high intake of certain foods and beverages can cause CRC. This review summarized the latest findings on the intake of various foods, nutrients, ingredients, and beverages on CRC development, with the objective of classifying them as a risk or protective factor. High-risk food items include red meat, processed meat, eggs, high alcohol consumption, sugar-sweetened beverages, and chocolate candy. Food items that are protective include milk, cheese and other dairy products, fruits, vegetables (particularly cruciferous), whole grains, legumes (particularly soy beans), fish, tea (particularly green tea), coffee (particularly among Asians), chocolate, and moderate alcohol consumption (particularly wine). High-risk nutrients/ingredients include dietary fat from animal sources and industrial trans-fatty acids (semisolid/solid hydrogenated oils), synthetic food coloring, monosodium glutamate, titanium dioxide, and high-fructose corn sirup. Nutrients/ingredients that are protective include dietary fiber (particularly from cereals), fatty acids (medium-chain and odd-chain saturated fatty acids and highly unsaturated fatty acids, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids), calcium, polyphenols, curcumin, selenium, zinc, magnesium, and vitamins A, C, D, E, and B (particularly B-6, B-9, and B-2). A combination of micronutrients and multi-vitamins also appears to be beneficial in reducing recurrent adenoma incidence.
Influence of food components on lipid metabolism: scenarios and perspective on the control and prevention of dyslipidemias; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the main causes of death in the Western world. Among the risk factors that are modifiable by diet, for reducing cardiovascular disease risks, the total plasma concentrations of cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C, and HDL-C are the most important. Dietary measures can balance these components of the lipid profile thus reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases. The main food components that affect the lipid profile and can be modified by diet are the saturated and trans fats, unsaturated fats, cholesterol, phytosterols, plant protein, and soluble fiber. A wealth of evidence suggests that saturated and trans fats and cholesterol in the diet raise the total plasma cholesterol and LDL-C. Trans fats also reduce HDL-C, an important lipoprotein for mediating the reverse cholesterol transport. On the other hand, phytosterols, plant proteins, isoflavones, and soluble fiber are protective diet factors against cardiovascular diseases by modulating plasma lipoprotein levels. These food components at certain concentrations are able to reduce the total cholesterol, TG, and LDL-C and raise the plasma levels of HDL-C. Therefore, diet is an important tool for the prevention and control of cardiovascular diseases, and should be taken into account as a whole, i.e., not only the food components that modulate plasma concentrations of lipoproteins, but also the diet content of macro nutrients and micronutrients should be considered.
CONTROLLED TRIAL OF FISH-OIL FOR REGRESSION OF HUMAN CORONARY ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Objectives. This randomized clinical trial tested whether fish oil supplements can improve human coronary atherosclerosis.
The role of tree nuts and peanuts in the prevention of coronary heart disease:: Multiple potential mechanisms; Epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence has demonstrated consistent benefits of nut and peanut consumption on coronary heart disease (CHID) risk and associated risk factors. The epidemiologic studies have reported various endpoints, including fatal CHD, total CHD death, total CHID, and nonfatal myocardial infarct. A pooled analysis of 4 U.S. epidemiologic studies showed that subjects in the highest intake group for nut consumption had an similar to 35% reduced risk of CHID incidence. The reduction in total CHD death was due primarily to a decrease in sudden cardiac death. Clinical studies have evaluated the effects of many different nuts and peanuts on lipids, lipoproteins, and various CHID risk factors, including oxidation, inflammation, and vascular reactivity, Evidence from these studies consistently shows a beneficial effect on these CHID risk factors. The LDL cholesterol-lowering response of nut and peanut studies is greater than expected on the basis of blood cholesterol-lowering equations that are derived from changes in the fatty acid profile of the diet. Thus, in addition to a favorable fatty acid profile, nuts and peanuts contain other bioactive compounds that explain their multiple cardiovascular benefits. Other macronutrients include plant protein and fiber; micronutrients including potassium, calcium, magnesium, and tocopherols; and phytochemicals such as phytosterols, phenolic compounds, resveratrol, and arginine. Nuts and peanuts are food sources that are a composite of numerous cardioprotective nutrients and if routinely incorporated in a healthy diet, population risk of CHD would therefore be expected to decrease markedly.
Simultaneous corticosteroid avoidance and calcineurin inhibitor minimization in renal transplantation; Steroids and calcineurin inhibitors (CNI) have been mainstays of immunosuppression but both have numerous side effects that are associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. This study was carried out to determine if steroids can be eliminated with early discontinuation of cyclosporine A (CsA) and later discontinuation of mycophenolate mofetil (MMF). Ninety-six patients with kidney transplants were entered into four subgroups of two pilot studies. All patients received Thymoglobulin((R)) induction, rapamycin (RAPA), and the immunonutrients arginine and an oil containing omega-3 fatty acids. Mycophenolate mofetil was started in standard doses and discontinued by 2 years. CsA was given in reduced doses for either 4, 6, or 12 months. Follow-up was 12-36 months. Thirteen first rejection episodes occurred during the first year (14%). Combining all patients, 86% were rejection-free at 1 year, 80% at 2 years and 79% at 3 years. No kidney has been lost to acute rejection. Ninety percent of the 84 patients at risk at the end of the study were steroid-free and 87% were off CNI. Fifty-seven percent of 54 patients with a functioning kidney at 3 years were receiving monotherapy with RAPA. We conclude that this therapeutic strategy is worthy of a prospective multi-center clinical trial.
Effects of the Dietary Supplementation with a Microalga Extract on Broiler Performance and Fatty-Acid Meat Profile; The present study was carried out in the poultry sector of UNOESC Xanxere to evaluate the effect of various inclusion levels of seaweed (Schizotrichiurn ssp.) in the diet of broiler chickens in terms of performance, carcass yield, organ profiles and fatty acids levels in meat. We studied 480 one-day-old Cobb chicks, distributed in a completely randomized experimental design, with four treatments and six replicates containing 20 birds each, totaling 24 experimental units. At 7, 21 and 35 days of age, the birds were weighed for performance evaluation (live weight, weight gain, feed intake, feed conversion and mortality). At 35 days of age, one chicken per experimental unit was sacrificed for evaluation of carcass yield and its parts, together with isolation of the left thigh for analysis of the fatty acid profile. The inclusion of seaweed in the diet did not alter the characteristics of performance or yield in carcass and organs; however, the supplement changed the profile of fatty acids of the meat, enriching the omega-3 series, primarily DHA. We conclude that marine algae of the genus Schizotrichium can be added to rations without compromising the development of the birds to improve the profile of fatty acids in the meat.
Pediatric intestinal failure-associated liver disease; Purpose of review
Effectiveness of Preoperative Immunonutrition in Improving Surgical Outcomes after Radical Cystectomy for Bladder Cancer: Study Protocol for a Multicentre, Open-Label, Randomised Trial (INu-RC); Radical cystectomy (RC) with pelvic lymph node dissection is the standard treatment for patients with limited-stage muscle-invasive bladder cancer. RC is associated with a complication rate of approximately 50-88%. Immunonutrition (IMN) refers to the administration of substrates, such as omega-3 fatty acids, arginine, glutamine, and nucleotides, that modulate the immune response. IMN has been associated with improved outcomes following surgery for esophagogastric, colorectal and pancreatic cancer. In this paper, we describe a study protocol for a multicentre, randomised, open-label clinical trial to evaluate the effect of IMN in patients undergoing RC for bladder cancer. A 7-day preoperative course of IMN is compared with a standard high-calorie high-protein oral nutritional supplement. The primary outcome of this study is the rate of complications (infectious, wound-related, gastrointestinal, and urinary complications) in the first 30 days after RC. Secondary outcomes include time to recovery of bowel function and postoperative mobilisation, changes in muscle strength and body weight, biochemical modifications, need for blood transfusion, length of stay, readmission rate, and mortality. The results of this study may provide new insights into the impact of IMN on postoperative outcomes after RC and may help improve IMN prescribing based on patient nutritional status parameters.
The pathogenesis of hemodialysis vascular access failure and systemic therapies for its prevention: Optimism unfulfilled; In patients receiving hemodialysis, the provision of safe and effective vascular access using an arteriovenous fistula or graft is regarded as a critical priority by patients and health professionals. Vascular access failure is associated with morbidity and mortality, such that strategies to prevent these outcomes are essential. Inadequate vascular remodeling and neointimal hyperplasia resulting in stenosis and frequently thrombosis are critical to the pathogenesis of access failure. Systemic medical therapies with pleiotropic effects including antiplatelet agents, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (fish oils), statins, and inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) may reduce vascular access failure by promoting vascular access maturation and reducing stenosis and thrombosis through antiproliferative, antiaggregatory, anti-inflammatory and vasodilatory effects. Despite such promise, the results of retrospective analyses and randomized controlled trials of these agents on arteriovenous fistula and graft outcomes have been mixed. This review describes the current understanding of the pathogenesis of arteriovenous fistula and graft failure, the biological effects of antiplatelet agents, fish oil supplementation, RAAS blockers and statins that may be beneficial in improving vascular access survival, results from clinical trials that have investigated the effect of these agents on arteriovenous fistula and graft outcomes, and it explores future therapeutic approaches combining these agents with novel treatment strategies.
Management of hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events and acute pancreatitis. Along with lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and raising high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lowering triglyceride levels in high-risk patients (e.g., those with cardiovascular disease or diabetes) has been associated with decreased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although the management of mixed dyslipidemia is controversial, treatment should focus primarily on lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Secondary goals should include lowering non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (calculated by subtracting high-density lipoprotein cholesterol from total cholesterol). If serum triglyceride levels are high, lowering these levels can be effective at reaching non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol goals. Initially, patients with hypertriglyceridemia should be counseled about therapeutic lifestyle changes (e.g., healthy diet, regular exercise, tobacco-use cessation). Patients also should be screened for metabolic syndrome and other acquired or secondary causes. Patients with borderline-high serum triglyceride levels (i.e., 150 to 199 mg per dL [ 1.70 to 2.25 mmol per L]) and high serum triglyceride levels (i.e., 200 to 499 mg per dL [2.26 to 5.64 mmol per L]) require an overall cardiac risk assessment. Treatment of very high triglyceride levels (i.e., 500 mg per dL [5.65 mmol per L] or higher) is aimed at reducing the risk of acute pancreatitis. Statins, fibrates, niacin, and fish oil (alone or in various combinations) are effective when pharmacotherapy is indicated.
A New Evidence-Based Diet Score to Capture Associations of Food Consumption and Chronic Disease Risk; Previously, the attempt to compile German dietary guidelines into a diet score was predominantly not successful with regards to preventing chronic diseases in the EPIC-Potsdam study. Current guidelines were supplemented by the latest evidence from systematic reviews and expert papers published between 2010 and 2020 on the prevention potential of food groups on chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cancer. A diet score was developed by scoring the food groups according to a recommended low, moderate or high intake. The relative validity and reliability of the diet score, assessed by a food frequency questionnaire, was investigated. The consideration of current evidence resulted in 10 key food groups being preventive of the chronic diseases of interest. They served as components in the diet score and were scored from 0 to 1 point, depending on their recommended intake, resulting in a maximum of 10 points. Both the reliability (r = 0.53) and relative validity (r = 0.43) were deemed sufficient to consider the diet score as a stable construct in future investigations. This new diet score can be a promising tool to investigate dietary intake in etiological research by concentrating on 10 key dietary determinants with evidence-based prevention potential for chronic diseases.
Platelet fatty acids and peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets in an institutionalized elderly population; The associations between platelet fatty acids and peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets were studied in 78 institutionalized elderly individuals (27 men and 51 women), aged 67 to 100. Platelet fatty acids were assessed by gas chromatography, and peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets were quantitated by immunophenotyping using flow cytometry. It was found that women had a higher number of total T-cells (CD3), T-helper (CD3+4+) cells, and B-cells (CD19), However, no gender differences were observed in the percentages of lymphocyte subsets. In elderly men, after adjusting for age and fatty acid intake, the platelet concentration of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was positively related to the percentage of CD3 and CD3+4+ bearing lymphocytes (r(s) = 0.59, P < 0.05; and r(s) = 0.55, P < 0.05, respectively), and the concentration of total saturated fatty acids was also positively associated with the percentage of B (CD19) cells (r(s) = 0.50, P < 0.05). However, similar relationships were not observed in elderly women. No significant associations were found between trans fatty acids and any of the lymphocyte subsets in the study population. These findings suggest that fatty acids may be related to immune function, Any effects may be important in the host immune defence, especially in elderly individuals. (C) 1998 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The Role of Diet as a Modulator of the Inflammatory Process in the Neurological Diseases; Neurological diseases are recognized as major causes of disability and mortality worldwide. Due to the dynamic progress of diseases such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson's Disease (PD), Schizophrenia, Depression, and Multiple Sclerosis (MD), scientists are mobilized to look for new and more effective methods of interventions. A growing body of evidence suggests that inflammatory processes and an imbalance in the composition and function of the gut microbiome, which play a critical role in the pathogenesis of various neurological diseases and dietary interventions, such as the Mediterranean diet the DASH diet, or the ketogenic diet can have beneficial effects on their course. The aim of this review was to take a closer look at the role of diet and its ingredients in modulating inflammation associated with the development and/or progression of central nervous system diseases. Presented data shows that consuming a diet abundant in fruits, vegetables, nuts, herbs, spices, and legumes that are sources of anti-inflammatory elements such as omega-3 fatty acids, polyphenols, vitamins, essential minerals, and probiotics while avoiding foods that promote inflammation, create a positive brain environment and is associated with a reduced risk of neurological diseases. Personalized nutritional interventions may constitute a non-invasive and effective strategy in combating neurological disorders.
Effect of combined fungicide treatments on fatty acid content in <i>Eisenia fetida</i> earthworms; Aim of study: To study the toxic effects of a combined fungicide in Eisenia fetida earthworms and in its lipid fatty acid composition.
Influence of Mediterranean Diet on Human Gut Microbiota; Gut microbiota changes correlate with health status. Literature data on gut microbiota show that all dietary changes can induce the alteration of gut microbiota composition. Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with a reduction of all-cause mortality and in this review, we analyzed its interactions with human microbiota. In particular, we explored the modulation of the human microbiota, in response to MD adherence, focusing the attention on polyphenols, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) omega-3 and fiber. Evidences suggest that MD is able to modulate the gut microbiota, increasing its diversity. In fact, a Mediterranean-type dietary pattern is associated with specific gut microbiota characteristics. The available evidence, suggests that gut microbiota of subjects that follow a MD is significantly different from subjects that follow a Western diet model. In fact, the latter show an increased gut permeability, which is responsible for metabolic endotoxemia. For this reason, we can speculate that the gut microbiota of the subjects following a MD is able to prevent the onset of chronic non-communicable degenerative diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases and some types of cancer. However, in order to understand these correlations with dietary patterns, controlled intervention studies on the gut microbiota composition and activity are needed.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids inhibit K<sub>v</sub>1.4 by interacting with positively charged extracellular pore residues; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) modulate voltage-gated K+ channel inactivation by an unknown site and mechanism. The effects of omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs were investigated on the heterologously expressed K(v)1.4 channel. PUFAs inhibited wild-type K(v)1.4 during repetitive pulsing as a result of slowing of recovery from inactivation. In a mutant K(v)1.4 channel lacking N-type inactivation, PUFAs reversibly enhanced C-type inactivation (Kd, 15-43 mu M). C-type inactivation was affected by extracellular H+ and K+ as well as PUFAs and there was an interaction among the three: the effect of PUFAs was reversed during acidosis and abolished on raising K+. Replacement of two positively charged residues in the extracellular pore (H508 and K532) abolished the effects of the PUFAs (and extracellular H+ and K+) on C-type inactivation but had no effect on the lipoelectric modulation of voltage sensor activation, suggesting two separable interaction sites/mechanisms of action of PUFAs. Charge calculations suggest that the acidic head group of the PUFAs raises the pK(a) of H508 and this reduces the K+ occupancy of the selectivity filter, stabilizing the C-type inactivated state.
Complementary Treatment Methods for Depression in Children and Adolescents; Depressive disorders are among the more common mental illnesses around the world, about 1- 3 % of prepubertal children and 6 % of postpubertal children and adolescents are affected. They markedly impair psychosocial development and are associated with higher rate of morbidity and mortality throughout life. Many physicians are unsure about which treatment approaches are effective and how the treatment should be planned. A systematic literature search was carried out in electronic databases and study registries and as a manual search. More than 450 studies (mostly randomized controlled trials = RCTs) were identified and summarized in evidence tables. The ensuing recommendations were agreed upon in a consensus conference. The review summarizes the evidence of complementary treatment methods. The evidence for complementary treatment methods (art and music therapy, sleep deprivation, exercise, electroconvulsive therapy, massage, transcranial magnetic stimulation, relaxation, bibliotherapy, computer based therapy, light therapy, omega-3 treatment) is low or there is no evidence due to missing studies or studies of poor quality. For some methods, i.e. light therapy, relaxation and stress reduction and sleep deprivation there is limited indication for effectiveness without sufficient evidence for a practical guidance. There is an urgent need for adequately informative comparative studies on treatment of depression in children and adolescents considering also complementary methods.
Jasmonic Acid Signaling Pathway in Response to Abiotic Stresses in Plants; Plants as immovable organisms sense the stressors in their environment and respond to them by means of dedicated stress response pathways. In response to stress, jasmonates (jasmonic acid, its precursors and derivatives), a class of polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived phytohormones, play crucial roles in several biotic and abiotic stresses. As the major immunity hormone, jasmonates participate in numerous signal transduction pathways, including those of gene networks, regulatory proteins, signaling intermediates, and proteins, enzymes, and molecules that act to protect cells from the toxic effects of abiotic stresses. As cellular hubs for integrating informational cues from the environment, jasmonates play significant roles in alleviating salt stress, drought stress, heavy metal toxicity, micronutrient toxicity, freezing stress, ozone stress, CO2 stress, and light stress. Besides these, jasmonates are involved in several developmental and physiological processes throughout the plant life. In this review, we discuss the biosynthesis and signal transduction pathways of the JAs and the roles of these molecules in the plant responses to abiotic stresses.
Recent developments in altering the fatty acid composition of ruminant-derived foods; There is increasing evidence to indicate that nutrition is an important factor involved in the onset and development of several chronic human diseases including cancer, cardiovascular disease (CVD), type II diabetes and obesity. Clinical studies implicate excessive consumption of medium-chain saturated fatty acids (SFA) and trans-fatty acids (TFA) as risk factors for CVD, and in the aetiology of other chronic conditions. Ruminant-derived foods are significant sources of medium-chain SFA and TFA in the human diet, but also provide high-quality protein, essential micronutrients and several bioactive lipids. Altering the fatty acid composition of ruminant-derived foods offers the opportunity to align the consumption of fatty acids in human populations with public health policies without the need for substantial changes in eating habits. Replacing conserved forages with fresh grass or dietary plant oil and oilseed supplements can be used to lower medium-chain and total SFA content and increase cis-9 18:1, total conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) to a variable extent in ruminant milk. However, inclusion of fish oil or marine algae in the ruminant diet results in marginal enrichment of 20- or 22-carbon PUFA in milk. Studies in growing ruminants have confirmed that the same nutritional strategies improve the balance of n-6/n-3 PUFA, and increase CLA and long-chain n-3 PUFA in ruminant meat, but the potential to lower medium-chain and total SFA is limited. Attempts to alter meat and milk fatty acid composition through changes in the diet fed to ruminants are often accompanied by several-fold increases in TFA concentrations. In extreme cases, the distribution of trans 18:1 and 18:2 isomers in ruminant foods may resemble that of partially hydrogenated plant oils. Changes in milk fat or muscle lipid composition in response to diet are now known to be accompanied by tissue-specific alterations in the expression of one or more lipogenic genes. Breed influences both milk and muscle fat content, although recent studies have confirmed the occurrence of genetic variability in transcript abundance and activity of enzymes involved in lipid synthesis and identified polymorphisms for several key lipogenic genes in lactating and growing cattle. Although nutrition is the major factor influencing the fatty acid composition of ruminant-derived foods, further progress can be expected through the use of genomic or marker-assisted selection to increase the frequency of favourable genotypes and the formulation of diets to exploit this genetic potential.
Pros and cons of fatty acids in bone biology; Despite the growing interest in deciphering the causes and consequences of obesity-related disorders, the mechanisms linking fat intake to bone behaviour remain unclear. Since bone fractures are widely associated with increased morbidity and mortality, most notably in elderly and obese people, bone health has become a major social and economic issue. Consistently, public health system guidelines have encouraged low-fat diets in order to reduce associated complications. However, from a bone point of view, mechanisms linking fat intake to bone alteration remain quite controversial. Thus, after more than a decade of dedicated studies, this timely review offers a comprehensive overview of the relationships between bone and fatty acids. Using clinical evidences as a starting-point to more complex molecular elucidation, this work highlights the complexity of the system and reveals that bone alteration that cannot be solved simply by taking omega-3 pills. Fatty acid effects on bone metabolism can be both direct and indirect and require integrated investigations. Furthermore, even at the level of a single cell, one fatty acid is able to trigger several different independent pathways (receptors, metabolites...) which may all have a say in the final cellular metabolic response. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The pharmaceutical pipeline for atrial fibrillation; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with a significant burden of morbidity and increased risk of mortality. Beyond outstanding advances in catheter ablation procedures, antiarrhythmic drug therapy remains a corner-stone to restore and maintain sinus rhythm. However, potentially life-threatening hazards (proarrhythmia) and significant non-cardiac organ toxicity have made new drug development of prominent relevance. Multichannel blocking, atrial selectivity, and the reduction of the risk of adverse events have all constituted the main theme of modern antifibrillatory drug development. Dronedarone, an analog of amiodarone, has the unique characteristic of being the first antiarrhythmic drug demonstrated to reduce hospitalizations in AF. Dronedarone is associated with less systemic toxicity than amiodarone, although being less effective for sinus rhythm maintenance. Atrial selective agents have been developed to target ion channels expressed selectively in the atria. Among the most promising drugs of this class is vernakalant, which has been shown effective for the acute conversion of AF with small risk of proarrhythmia. Finally, increasing evidences support antiarrhythmic effectiveness of traditional non-antiarrhythmic drugs, such as renin-angiotensin system blockers, statins, and omega-3 fatty acids.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and endocannabinoids in health and disease; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are lipid derivatives of omega-3 (docosahexaenoic acid, DHA, and eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA) or of omega-6 (arachidonic acid, ARA) synthesized from membrane phospholipids and used as a precursor for endocannabinoids (ECs). They mediate significant effects in the fine-tune adjustment of body homeostasis. Phyto- and synthetic cannabinoids also rule the daily life of billions worldwide, as they are involved in obesity, depression and drug addiction. Consequently, there is growing interest to reveal novel active compounds in this field. Cloning of cannabinoid receptors in the 90s and the identification of the endogenous mediators arachidonylethanolamide (anandamide, AEA) and 2-arachidonyglycerol (2-AG), led to the characterization of the endocannabinoid system (ECS), together with their metabolizing enzymes and membrane transporters. Today, the ECS is known to be involved in diverse functions such as appetite control, food intake, energy balance, neuroprotection, neurodegenerative diseases, stroke, mood disorders, emesis, modulation of pain, inflammatory responses, as well as in cancer therapy. Western diet as well as restriction of micronutrients and fatty acids, such as DHA, could be related to altered production of pro-inflammatory mediators (e.g. eicosanoids) and ECs, contributing to the progression of cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, obesity, depression or impairing conditions, such as Alzheimer' s disease. Here we review how diets based in PUFAs might be linked to ECS and to the maintenance of central and peripheral metabolism, brain plasticity, memory and learning, blood flow, and genesis of neural cells.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and relations to fatty acid composition in the diet and in serum cholesterol esters; High plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1 levels and poor dietary fat quality are potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The aim was to investigate the cross-sectional associations between PAI-1 activity and dietary nutrient intake, focusing on fat quality, in a population-based study of 871 men aged 70 years. The relationship between PAI-1 and the fatty acid composition in serum cholesterol esters (n=381 men) was also studied. The estimated total fat intake was positively associated with PAI-1 activity. The intake of both monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids was positively associated with PAI-1 activity, whereas the intake of saturated fatty acids was not. In serum cholesterol esters, higher proportions of palmitoleic and dihomo-gamma -linolenic acid, a lower proportion of linoleic acid, and reduced estimated Delta5-desaturase activity were associated with higher PAI-1 levels. These associations were confounded by factors representing the insulin resistance syndrome. PAI-1 activity was positively associated with gamma -linolenic and arachidonic acid, independent of potential confounders. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that dietary intake of unsaturated fatty acids is positively associated with PAI-1 activity, whereas intake of saturated fatty acids is not. The associations present between PAI-1 activity and the fatty acid proportions in serum cholesterol esters are partly influenced by metabolic syndrome-related factors.
FADS1 promotes the progression of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma through activating AKT/mTOR signaling; Metabolic abnormality is the major feature of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC), however, the underlying mechanism remain largely elusive. Fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1), as the key rate-limiting enzyme of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), catalyzes dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) to arachidonic acid (AA). In this study, we reported that the expression of FADS1 was upregulated in LSCC, high FADS1 expression was closely associated with the advanced clinical features and poor prognosis of the recurrent LSCC patients after chemotherapy. Liquid chromatograph-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) analysis revealed that FADS1 overexpression induced greater conversion of DGLA to AA, suggesting an increased activity of FADS1. Similarly, the level of prostaglandin E2 (PGE(2)), a downstream metabolite of AA, was also elevated in cancerous laryngeal tissues. Functional assays showed that FADS1 knockdown suppressed the proliferation, migration and invasion of LSCC cells, while FADS1 overexpression had the opposite effects. Bioinformatic analysis based on microarray data found that FADS1 could activate AKT/mTOR signaling. This hypothesis was further validated by both in vivo and in vitro assays. Hence, our data has supported the viewpoint that FADS1 is a potential promoter in LSCC progression, and has laid the foundation for further functional research on the PUFA dietary supplementation interventions targeting FADS1/AKT/mTOR pathway for LSCC prevention and treatment.
PEROXIDATION OF TOBACCO MEMBRANE-LIPIDS BY THE PHOTOSENSITIZING TOXIN, CERCOSPORIN; Cercosporin, a nonspecific toxin from Cercospora nicotianae a phytopathogen, is a photosensitizing compound which rapidly kills plant cells in the light. Cell death appears to be due to a cercosporin-mediated peroxidation of membrane lipids. Tobacco leaf discs treated with cercosporin showed a large increase in electrolyte leakage 1-2 min after irradiation with light. All tobacco protoplasts exposed to cercosporin in the light were damaged within 45 min. Chloroform:methanol extracts of toxin-treated suspension cultures gave positive reactions for lipid hydroperoxides in the thiobarbituric acid test. Cercosporin-treated leaf discs emitted high concentrations of ethane 12-24 h after incubation in the light. Cercosporin oxidized solutions of methyl linolenate as determined by the thiobarbituric acid assay and the emission of ethane. .alpha.-Tocopherol had an inhibitory effect on the cercosporin-mediated lipid peroxidation.
PLASMA FATTY-ACIDS AND LIPIDS IN 2 SEPARATE, BUT GENETICALLY COMPARABLE, ICELANDIC POPULATIONS; Levels of serum lipids and lipoproteins, and the fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids, were measured in two genetically comparable, but widely separated, populations. The 1975 mortality rates for ischemic heart disease were significantly higher in one of these populations, the Manitoban residents of pure Icelandic descent, than in the other, a rural population from Northeastern Iceland. Two study populations, Icelanders and Icelandic-Canandians were drawn from these larger populations. The study populations were matched for age and sex and divided into three age groups, 20-39, 40-59, and 60-69 years. In comparison to the Icelandic-Canadians, the Icelanders exhibited significantly higher levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but lower triglyceride levels. Their plasma phospholipids contained significantly lower levels of saturated fatty acids (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acids, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA); but their n-3 PU FA levels were three times as high. It was additionally found that fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids differed among Icelanders of different ages. SFA levels were significantly lower, and n-6 PUFA levels significantly higher, in the 20-39 year group than in the 60-69 year group, possibly due to different dietary fat consumption patterns between generations. No corresponding age-related difference in the fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids was found in the Icelandic-Canadian study population. As the Icelandic and Icelandic-Canadian groups are assumed to be genetically similar, the biochemical differences between them are evidently due to environmental, probably dietary, differences. The findings indicate that n-3 PUFA may be cardioprotective in the context of an otherwise atherogenic diet.
Effect of diet lipids and omega-6:3 ratio on honey bee brood development, adult survival and body composition; Lipids have a key role in a variety of physiological functions in insects including energy, reproduction, growth and development. Whereas most of the required fatty acids can be synthesized endogenously, omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are essential fatty acids that must be acquired through nutrition. Honey bees (Apis mellifera) obtain lipids from pollen, but different pollens vary in nutritional composition, including of PUFAs. Low floral diversity and abundance may expose bees to nutritional stress. We tested the effect of total lipids concentration and their omega-6:3 ratio on aspects of honey bee physiology: brood development, adult longevity and body fatty acids composition. All three parameters were affected by dietary lipid concentration and omega-6:3 ratio. Higher lipid concentration in diet increased brood production, and high omega-6:3 ratio increased mortality rate and decreased brood rearing. Fatty acid analysis of the bees showed that the amount of lipids and the omega-6:3 ratio in their body generally reflected the composition of the diet on which they fed. Consistent with previous findings of the importance of a balanced omega-6:3 ratio diet for learning performance, we found that such a balanced PUFA diet, with above threshold total lipid composition, is also necessary for maintaining proper colony development.
LSEA Evaluation of Lipid Mediators of Inflammation in Lung and Cortex of Mice Exposed to Diesel Air Pollution; Airborne ultrafine particle (UFP) exposure is a great concern as they have been correlated to increased cardiovascular mortality, neurodegenerative diseases and morbidity in occupational and environmental settings. The ultrafine components of diesel exhaust particles (DEPs) represent about 25% of the emission mass; these particles have a great surface area and consequently high capacity to adsorb toxic molecules, then transported throughout the body. Previous in-vivo studies indicated that DEP exposure increases pro- and antioxidant protein levels and activates inflammatory response both in respiratory and cardiovascular systems. In cells, DEPs can cause additional reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, which attacks surrounding molecules, such as lipids. The cell membrane provides lipid mediators (LMs) that modulate cell-cell communication, inflammation, and resolution processes, suggesting the importance of understanding lipid modifications induced by DEPs. In this study, with a lipidomic approach, we evaluated in the mouse lung and cortex how DEP acute and subacute treatments impact polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived LMs. To analyze the data, we designed an ad hoc bioinformatic pipeline to evaluate the functional enrichment of lipid sets belonging to the specific biological processes (Lipid Set Enrichment Analysis-LSEA). Moreover, the data obtained correlate tissue LMs and proteins associated with inflammatory process (COX-2, MPO), oxidative stress (HO-1, iNOS, and Hsp70), involved in the activation of many xenobiotics as well as PAH metabolism (Cyp1B1), suggesting a crucial role of lipids in the process of DEP-induced tissue damage.
PERFORMANCE AND MEAT FATTY ACID PROFILE IN MIXED SEX BROILERS FED DIET SUPPLEMENTED WITH FERMENTED MEDICINAL PLANT COMBINATIONS; Efficacy of fermented Salicornia herbacea L. and Houttuynia cordata Thunb. (FSH) on performance and meat quality in broilers was assessed. Following completely randomized design 240 day old mixed sex Ross 308 broiler chicks were randomly allocated to five treatments with six replications with eight birds in each. Dietary treatments were: control (corn-soybean meal based basal diet); ABT (Basal diet + 0.05% oxytetracycline); and FSH1 (Basal diet + 0.5% FSH), FSH2 (Basal diet + 1.0% FSH) and FSH3 (Basal diet + 2.0% FSH). Dietary supplementation had no significant negative impact on performance and relative organ weight; however, mortality and abdominal fat was substantially reduced after FSH and ABT supplemented birds relative to control (P < 0.05). Breast muscle crude protein content was higher whereas crude fat content was lower in FSH2 group in comparison to control (P < 0.05). A substantial diminution was observed in the average meat TBARS value of FSH and ABT group compared to control (P < 0.05). Among the breast meat fatty acids, sum of SFA content was down trended whereas sum of PUFA, omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA content was elevated in FSH2 compared to control (P < 0.05). Overall, present findings indicated that FSH supplementation was beneficial regarding nutritional aspects of broiler meat where FSH2 found suitable.
Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient. Update. Consensus SEMICYUC-SENPE: Gastrointestinal surgery; Gastrointestinal surgery and critical illness place tremendous stress on the body, resulting in a series of metabolic changes that may lead to severe malnutrition, which in turn can increase postsurgical complications and morbidity and mortality and prolong the hospital length of stay.
Prevention and Treatment of Atrial Fibrillation via Risk Factor Modification; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common clinically significant arrhythmia, and it increases stroke risk. A preventive approach to AF is needed because virtually all treatments such as cardioversion, antiarrhythmic drugs, ablation, and anticoagulation are associated with high cost and carry significant risk. A systematic review was performed to identify effective lifestyle-based strategies for reducing primary and secondary AF. A PubMed search was performed using articles up to March 1, 2021. Search terms included atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, exercise, diet, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, stress, tobacco smoking, alcohol, Mediterranean diet, sodium, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional articles were identified from the bibliographies of retrieved articles. The control of hypertension, ideally with a renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitor, is effective for preventing primary AF and recurrence. Obstructive sleep apnea is a common cause of AF, and treating it effectively reduces AF episodes. Alcohol increases the risk of AF in a dose-dependent manner, and abstinence reduces risk of recurrence. Sedentary behavior and chronic high-intensity endurance exercise are both risk factors for AF; however, moderate physical activity is associated with lower risk of AF. Recently, sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 agonists have been associated with reduced risk of AF. Among overweight/obese patients, weight loss of >= 10% is associated with reduced AF risk. Lifestyle changes and risk factor modification are highly effective for preventing AF. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The Impact of Nutrition on Disease Risk and Course of Rheumatoid Arthritis; Nutritional factors may contribute to the etiology of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). This is illustrated by the association of RA with malnutrition in infancy and with low birth weight. The contribution of single components of our daily diet to the risk of RA was demonstrated with respect to the protective effects of low-to moderate alcohol consumption and probably to an above-average intake of fish with a high content of fish oil. So far, interventional studies that have investigated the impact of definite dietary regimens on the course of RA have been disappointing with respect to quality and reliability. A Mediterranean diet may be helpful for RA patients, especially regarding the reduction of cardiovascular risks. Data demonstrating a benefit of nutritional supplements are scant. Fish oil capsules with a high content of omega-3-fatty acids may offer a mild therapeutic effect. Iron and vitamin D should be prescribed if indicated according to objective criteria and current guidelines.
Effect of the Fat Eaten at Breakfast on Lipid Metabolism: A Crossover Trial in Women with Cardiovascular Risk; Recent studies point out that not only the daily intake of energy and nutrients but the time of day when they are ingested notably regulates lipid metabolism and cardiovascular risk (CVR). Therefore, the aim of the study was to assess if the type of fat ingested at breakfast can modify lipid metabolism in women with CVR. A randomized, crossover clinical trial was performed. Sixty volunteers were randomly assigned to a (A) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich breakfast, (B) saturated fatty acid (SFA)-rich breakfast, or (C) monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)-rich breakfast. Plasma lipoprotein and apolipoprotein subfractions were determined. Our data showed that the PUFA-rich breakfast decreased lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)), very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), and intermediate-density lipoproteins (IDL), and increased high-density lipoproteins (HDL). A similar trend was observed for the MUFA-rich breakfast, whereas the SFA-rich breakfast, although it decreased VLDL, also increased IDL and reduced HDL. The PUFA-rich breakfast also decreased beta-lipoproteins and apolipoprotein-B. In summary, varying the type of fat eaten at breakfast is enough to significantly modify the lipid metabolism of women with CVR, which can be of great relevance to establish new therapeutic strategies for the treatment of these subjects.
Dietary supplementation of essential fatty acids in larval pikeperch (<i>Sander lucioperca</i>); short and long term effects on stress tolerance and metabolic physiology; The present study examined the effects of feeding pike perch larvae Artemia, enriched with either docosahexanoic acid (DHA), arachidonic acid (ARA), oleic acid (OA), olive oil (OO) or a commercial enrichment DHA Selco (DS) on tissue lipid deposition, stress tolerance, growth and development, and metabolic rate. There was higher tissue retention of ARA than DHA at comparable inclusion levels. No differences were observed between diets on the percentage contribution of ARA or DHA to the fatty acid profile of tissues (head and trunk). Total fatty acid content (mg g(-1)) was significantly higher in the head, reflecting its high content of neural tissue. Observations on larval erratic behaviour and mortality following exposure to salinity stress suggested that high inclusions levels of DHA had an alleviating effect, while ARA did not. Particularly larval groups reared for 16 days on diets enriched with OO and OA had mortality rates approaching 100% within two hours. Interestingly, this tendency, although not as pronounced, was also apparent in juvenile fish after 120 days of rearing on a common diet. Standard metabolic rate in larvae on an 00 enriched diet was significantly elevated, but otherwise no groups had significant changes to their respiratory physiology. In addition to increased stress challenge sensitivity, early feeding with OA had long term impact on pike perch neural development indicated by a smaller brain size in juvenile fish. In conclusion, lack of DHA in the diet of pikeperch larvae suggests that this long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid is involved in processes that increase stress tolerance and that lack of dietary DHA in early larval stage caused increased stress sensitivity and long-term impaired neural development, while it does not appear to affect metabolic rate at rest. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
ASSOCIATION OF DIETARY FATS WITH GUT MICROBIOTA PROFILE: HOW DOES PALM OIL FIT IN?; Diet manipulation alters the gut microbiota composition. Gut dysbiosis is characterised by imbalanced bacteria composition that has been associated with high fat diet. Diets containing high animal fat induce pathogenic bacteria growth and similar bacterial profiles have been identified in obese adults and chronic disease patients. Conversely, diets containing high plant fat increase the abundance of beneficial bacteria. Habitual fat intakes modulate the bacterial species and their metabolites in different geographical locations and ethnicities. Dietary interventions using various degrees of fatty acid saturation reported reduced bacterial diversity in high saturated fatty acid (SFA) diet and increased in high monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) diet. However, high polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) diet demonstrated a wide variation in bacterial diversity. These results suggested that the effects of dietary fats on gut microbiota composition are not filly established. Palm oil has almost balanced proportions of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids coupled with unique stereo-specificity fatty acids compositions and nutritional properties, making it the main vegetable oil in the Malaysian diet. However, its effect on the gut microbiota profile is still unknown. This review highlights the abundance of specific bacteria after consuming various dietary fats and proposes potential bacteria profile following the palm oil diet.
Glucidolipid diet and cardiovascular diseases; Glucidolipid diet and cardiovascular diseases. The role of diet in the development of cardiovascular pathologies has long been suspected. Current knowledge allows us to better distinguish the impact of the different macronutrients and other components of the diet. Fats and carbohydrates have a major influence on this risk. (C) 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS.All rights reserved
Sphingosine-1-phosphate analog FTY720 reverses obesity but not age-induced anabolic resistance to muscle contraction; Sarcopenia, the age-associated loss of skeletal muscle mass and function, is coupled with declines in physical functioning leading to subsequent higher rates of disability, frailty, morbidity, and mortality. Aging and obesity independently contribute to muscle atrophy that is assumed to be a result of the activation of mutual physiological pathways. Understanding mechanisms contributing to the induction of skeletal muscle atrophy with aging and obesity is important for determining targets that may have pivotal roles in muscle loss in these conditions. We find that aging and obesity equally induce an anabolic resistance to acute skeletal muscle contraction as observed with decreases in anabolic signaling activation after contraction. Furthermore, treatment with the sphingosine-1-phosphate analog FTY720 for 4 wk increased lean mass and strength, and the anabolic signaling response to contraction was improved in obese but not older animals. To determine the role of chronic inflammation and different fatty acids on anabolic resistance in skeletal muscle cells, we overexpressed IKK beta with and without exposure to saturated fatty acid (SFA; palmitic acid), polyunsaturated fatty acid (eicosapentaenoic acid), and monounsaturated fatty acid (oleic acid). We found that IKK beta overexpression increased inflammation markers in muscle cells, and this chronic inflammation exacerbated anabolic resistance in response to SFA. Pretreatment with FTY720 reversed the inflammatory effects of palmitic acid in the muscle cells. Taken together, these data demonstrate chronic inflammation can induce anabolic resistance, SFA aggravates these effects, and FTY720 can reverse this by decreasing ceramide accumulation in skeletal muscle.
Serum and Fecal Oxylipins in Patients with Alcohol-Related Liver Disease; BackgroundAlcohol-related liver disease is one of the most prevalent chronic liver diseases worldwide. Mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of alcohol-related liver disease are not well understood. Oxylipins play a crucial role in numerous biological processes and pathological conditions. Nevertheless, oxylipins are not well studied in alcohol-related liver disease.Aims(1) To characterize the patterns of bioactive -3 and -6 polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolites in alcohol use disorder and alcoholic hepatitis patients and (2) to identify associations of serum oxylipins with clinical parameters in patients with alcohol-related liver disease.MethodsWe performed a comprehensive liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis of serum and fecal oxylipins derived from -6 arachidonic acid, -3 eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid in a patient cohort with alcohol-related liver disease.ResultsOur results show profound alterations in the serum oxylipin profile of patients with alcohol use disorder and alcoholic hepatitis compared to nonalcoholic controls. Spearman correlation of the oxylipins with clinical parameters shows a link between different serum oxylipins and intestinal permeability, aspartate aminotransferase, bilirubin, albumin, international normalized ratio, platelet count, steatosis, fibrosis and model for end-stage liver disease score. Especially, higher level of serum 20-HETE was significantly associated with decreased albumin, increased hepatic steatosis, polymorphonuclear infiltration, and 90-day mortality.ConclusionsPatients with alcohol-related liver disease have different oxylipin profiles. Future studies are required to confirm oxylipins as disease biomarker or to connect oxylipins to disease pathogenesis.
Effect of dietary lipid source on expression of lipid metabolism genes and tissue lipid profile in juvenile spiny lobster <i>Sagmariasus verreauxi</i>; The spiny lobster Sagmariasus verreauxi is an emerging lobster species for intensive aquaculture. The lack of any nutritional information required for feed development in this species initiated this study to understand the effect of different dietary lipid sources on tissue lipid profiles and expression of selected lipid metabolising genes. Krill oil, marine oil (blend of fish oils), and vegetable oil (combination of linseed and palm oil), were utilised to formulate three experimental feeds with different phospholipid, triacylglycerol and polyunsaturated fatty acid profiles. Experimental feeds were administered to freshly moulted juvenile S. verreauxi for 50 to 55 days, to determine the effect of lipid sources on the nutritional status, fatty acid composition and expression of genes related to fatty acid biosynthesis, beta-oxidation, lipid catabolism and regulation of lipid metabolism. While there were no significant differences in terms of weight gain and mortality among different dietary treatments, the fatty acids composition in the hepatopancreas and to some extent, muscle tissues correlated with the fatty acids composition of the respective dietary treatments. Vegetable oil diet resulted in higher expression of genes related to beta-oxidation, which indicates selectivity towards utilisation of monounsaturated fatty acids for energy in this species. In tandem, genes related to fatty acid and cholesterol biosynthesis were upregulated, suggesting their importance in the marine lobster diet. This is the first report on the use of formulated feeds to successfully maintain juvenile S. verreauxi.
Relationship between n-3 and n-6 plasma fatty acid levels and insulin resistance in coronary patients with and without metabolic syndrome; Background and aims: Animal studies show that ecosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are effective for the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance (IR). Data from human studies are contradictory. We sought to determine whether the relationships between plasma n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (FA) levels and IR differ according to the presence or absence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in a coronary heart disease sample.
Docosahexanoic Acid Improves Chemotherapy Efficacy by Inducing CD95 Translocation to Lipid Rafts in ER<SUP>-</SUP> Breast Cancer Cells; Docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) have been shown to possess anti-carcinogenic properties in mammary cancers, both in vitro and in vivo. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of treating three different breast cancer cell lines with DHA or EPA on cellular growth, chemotherapy efficacy, and CD95 expression and localization in the cell. MDA-MB-231, MCF-7 and SKBr-3 cells were incubated with EPA or DHA with or without chemotherapy agents [doxorubicin (dox), Herceptin]. Cell growth was assessed by WST-1 assay and CD95 expression was investigated using flow cytometry, Western blotting and confocal microscopy. DHA and EPA inhibited the growth of all three breast cancer cell lines in a dose-dependent fashion (P < 0.05). DHA, and to a lesser extent EPA, induced the movement and raft clustering of CD95 in the cell membrane (via confocal microscopy) and the surface expression (via flow cytometry) in MDA-MB-231 cells. Neither fatty acid altered the growth/metabolic activity of the non-transformed MCF-12A breast cell line. Pre-treatment with DHA, but not EPA, improved the efficacy of dox in estrogen receptor negative MDA-MB-231 cells (P < 0.05), but not in the other two cell lines. Pre-treating cells with DHA increased CD95 surface expression (threefold) and the plasma membrane raft content of CD95 (2fold) and FADD (> 4-fold) after dox treatment, compared to dox treatment alone (P < 0.05). This study demonstrated that pre-treatment of estrogen receptor negative MDA-MB-231 cells with DHA increased the anti-cancer effects of dox and presents evidence to suggest that this may be mediated in part by CD95-induced apoptosis.
Development and Evaluation of a Brief Questionnaire to Assess Dietary Fat Quality in Low-income Overweight Women in the Southern United States; Objective: To develop a brief questionnaire to assess dietary fat quality, the Dietary Fat Quality Assessment (DFQA), for use in dietary counseling to reduce heart disease risk.
Altered metabolic homeostasis between vitamin D and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in preeclampsia; Sub-optimal maternal nutrition may result in pregnancy complications like preeclampsia. Preeclampsia is known to be of placental origin and a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Our earlier studies suggest that altered metabolism of folic acid, vitamin B-12 and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFAs) in the one carbon cycle increases homocysteine levels in preeclampsia. Recent reports indicate that vitamin D deficiency may also have a role in preeclampsia, although the mechanisms are unclear. A disturbed one carbon cycle can influence methylation patterns of various genes involved in placental development. Altered expression of cystathionine beta synthase (CBS) gene can result in hyperhomocystenemia. Higher homocysteine levels are known to increase reactive oxygen species (ROS) production which in turn leads to increased expression of phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2). Higher expression of PLA2 and COX-2 can influence the release of arachidonic acid (AA) from membrane phospholipid and result in increased conversion to thromboxane. Vitamin D [1,25(OH)2D3] is known to induce the CBS gene expression while it can suppress the oxidative stress induced COX-2 up-regulation and thromboxane production. Based on this, we propose a novel hypothesis that a disturbed vitamin D and LCPUFA metabolism influence the regulation of the one carbon cycle which will trigger inflammation through oxidative stress in preeclampsia. This may lead to altered feto-placental growth and development in preeclampsia. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Combining Raman spectroscopy and machine learning to assist early diagnosis of gastric cancer; Gastric cancers, with gastric adenocarcinoma (GAC) as the most common histological type, cause quite a few of deaths. In order to improve the survival rate after GAC treatment, it is important to develop a method for early detection and therapy support of GAC. Raman spectroscopy is a potential tool for probing cancer cell due to its real-time and non-destructive measurements without any additional reagents. In this study, we use Raman spectroscopy to examine GAC samples, and distinguish cancerous gastric mucosa from normal gastric mucosa. Average Raman spectra of two groups show differences at 750 cm-1, 1004 cm-1, 1449 cm-1, 1089- 1128 cm-1, 1311-1367 cm-1 and 1585-1665 cm-1, These peaks were assigned to cytochrome c, phenylalanine, phospholipid, collagen, lipid, and unsaturated fatty acid respectively. Furthermore, we build a SENet-LSTM model to realize the automatic classification of cancerous gastric mucosa and normal gastric mucosa, with all preprocessed Raman spectra in the range of 400-1800 cm-1 as input. An accuracy 96.20% was achieved. Besides, by using masking method, we found the Raman spectral features which determine the classification and explore the explainability of the classification model. The results are consistent with the conclusions obtained from the average spectrum. All results indicate it is potential for pre-cancerous screening to combine Raman spectroscopy and machine learning.
DIETARY AND OTHER CHARACTERISTICS RELEVANT FOR CORONARY HEART-DISEASE IN MEN OF INDIAN, WEST-INDIAN AND EUROPEAN DESCENT IN LONDON; The origins of the high standardized mortality ratio (SMR) for coronary heart disease (CHD) among Indians in Britain, and the low SMR for West Indian immigrants, have been explored by a community survey in London. Serum lipoproteins, plasma glucose, haemostatic factors and other putative risk characteristics were measured in 75 Indian, 64 European and 24 West Indian men aged 45-54 years. These represented 81% of men registered with a general practice and resident within a defined area. In 51  men, diet was assessed by 5-day weighed inventory. Plasma phospholipid fatty acids (PFA) were measured in 18 Indians and 19 Europeans with dietary records. The relatively high HDL and HDL2-cholesterol concentrations, low LDL-cholesterol concentration, reduced fat intake, increased ratio of dietary polyunsaturated/saturated fat, relatively frequent use of alcohol, and lack of obesity in West Indians accorded with their low SMR from CHD. By contrast, only the relatively low HDL and HDL2-cholesterol concentrations, infrequency of alcohol consumption, and lower proportion of PFA as n - 3 fatty acids of marine origin afforded explanations for the high SMR of Indians. Hyperglycaemia appeared similarly prevalent in Indians and West Indians, but less common in Europeans. Of the haemostatic factors, West Indians had a relatively low VIIc (not statistically significant), while Indians had an increased platelet count and reduced platelet volume. Improved understanding of these ethnic differences in CHD mortality may depend upon elucidation of the contrasts in HDL-cholesterol concentration.
Dietary sources of unsaturated fatty acids for animals and their transfer into meat, milk and eggs: A review; Dietary intake of unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and possibly the incidence of some cancers. asthma and diabetes among other conditions. Meanwhile, animal products have been criticised for their high content of saturated fatty acids (SFA), being damaging to health. Modification of animal diets can now easily increase the proportion of UFA in meat, milk and eggs. Consuming a greater proportion of these beneficial fatty acids as part of an everyday diet will appeal to the public, as opposed to taking dietary supplements. This study encompasses a review of the literature on dietary sources of UFA available for animals and their subsequent transfer into milk, meat (beef, lamb, pork, poultry) and eggs. Including these fatty acid sources in the diet of animals improves the fatty acid profile of milk, meat and eggs by increasing the ratio of UFA:SFA, decreasing the ratio of n-6:n-3 fatty acids and, with ruminant products, increasing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) levels. Care must be taken however, when introducing these fatty acid sources into animal diets as some adverse effects can result. For example, large amounts of UFA in the diet of dairy cows may affect rumen activity, reducing milk yield, fat and protein concentrations, while the impact of increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in meat on shelf life and flavour parameters is an area that warrants further investigation. Novel fatty acid sources such as hemp, camelina or lupin. although effective in some instances, are so far proving an expensive option for commercial purposes. Current thinking on the relevance of the dietary n-6:n-3 ratio to cardiovascular risk in humans is also examined. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary factors associated with a low risk of colon cancer in coloured West Coast fishermen; Objective. To examine the relative roles of dietary fibre, anti-oxidant vitamins and fish oils in the relatively low incidence of colon cancer in coloured West Coast fishermen.
Alveolar Biomarker Profiles in Subphenotypes of the Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; OBJECTIVES:We sought to determine whether hyperinflammatory acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and hypoinflammatory ARDS, which have been associated with differences in plasma biomarkers and mortality risk, also display differences in bronchoalveolar lavage (BALF) biomarker profiles. We then described the relationship between hyperinflammatory ARDS and hypoinflammatory ARDS to novel subphenotypes derived using BALF biomarkers. DESIGN:Secondary analysis of a randomized control trial testing omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of ARDS. SETTING:Five North American intensive care units. PATIENTS:Adults (n = 88) on invasive mechanical ventilation within 48 hours of ARDS onset. INTERVENTIONS:None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS:We classified 57 patients as hypoinflammatory and 31 patients as hyperinflammatory using a previously validated logistic regression model. Of 14 BALF biomarkers analyzed, interleukin-6 and granulocyte colony stimulating factor were higher among patients with hyperinflammatory ARDS compared with hypoinflammatory ARDS, though the differences were not robust to multiple hypothesis testing. We then performed a de novo latent class analysis of the 14 BALF biomarkers to identify two classes well separated by alveolar profiles. Class 2 (n = 63) displayed significantly higher interleukin-6, von Willebrand factor, soluble programmed cell death receptor-1, % neutrophils, and other biomarkers of inflammation compared with class 1 (n = 25). These BALF-derived classes had minimal overlap with the plasma-derived hyperinflammatory and hypoinflammatory classes, and the majority of both plasma-derived classes were in BALF-derived class 2 and characterized by high BALF biomarkers. Additionally, the BALF-derived classes were associated with clinical severity of pulmonary disease, with class 2 exhibiting lower Pao(2) to Fio(2) and distinct ventilatory parameters, unlike the plasma-derived classes, which were only related to nonpulmonary organ dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS:Hyperinflammatory and hypoinflammatory ARDS subphenotypes did not display significant differences in alveolar biologic profiles. Identifying ARDS subgroups using BALF measurements is a unique approach that complements information obtained from plasma, with potential to inform enrichment strategies in trials of lung-targeted therapies.
Non-pharmacologic prevention of Alzheimer's disease: nutritional and life-style risk factors; We conducted a review of cohort studies and interventional studies on nutritional and life-style risk factors and primary prevention of Alzheimer's Disease. Studies were assessed by the Oxford classification. Interventional studies exist for mental training and vitamin supplementation. For alcohol, fat and fish intake, mediterranean diet, homocysteine, overweight/caloric intake, physical and social activity, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes and smoking, currently there is only evidence from cohort studies. Cognitive stimulation by mental training increases mental functions and can be recommended on the basis of positive interventional studies. Vitamin supplementation cannot prevent AD on the basis of interventional studies. Hyperlipidemia, hyperhomocysteinemia, diabetes and typical life-style factors (alcohol, smoking, obesity etc.) modestly increased AD risk, fish, mediterranean diet and unsaturated fat or n-3 fatty acids and social activity are protective in observational cohorts, but interventional studies are lacking.
Dose-Response of <i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Lipid Profile and Tolerability in Mildly Hypertriglyceridemic Subjects; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are known to reduce risk for coronary heart disease partly by altering blood lipids. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of low doses of n-3 PUFAs on the lipid profile and their tolerability in mildly hypertriglyceridemic subjects. Subjects with a serum triacylglycerol (TG) level between 100 and 300 mg/dL were placed on a corn oil placebo (seven capsules per day; single-blind) for 4 weeks and then randomized to continue seven capsules per day of placebo (n = 49) or one of the following doses of n-3 PUFAs for 20 weeks: 0.5 g (n = 51), 1g (n = 23), or 2g (n = 12). During the treatment period, 48-50% of the 1-g and 2-g dose groups reported noticing burping (P < .05), and only about half as many in the 0.5-g group noticed burping. Interestingly, 2% of those assigned to the placebo did report a fishy burping during the study, but this dropped back to nearly 0% by week 20. There was no significant effect for any dosage group on fasting and postprandial serum TG, chylomicron TG, very-low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, or high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration. However, 1-g and 2-g n-3 PUFA treatments significantly increased total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration. In addition, all doses of n-3 PUFA treatments significantly increased plasma phospholipid n-3 PUFAs. We conclude that doses of n-3 PUFAs of 0.5-2 g/day in healthy volunteers with above average TG levels did not have beneficial effects on their lipid profiles.
Disruption of Cell Membranes and Redox Homeostasis as an Antibacterial Mechanism of Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma against <i>Fusarium oxysporum</i>; Direct barrier discharge (DBD) plasma is a potential antibacterial strategy for controlling Fusarium oxysporum (F. oxysporum) in the food industry. The aim of this study was to investigate the inhibitory effect and mechanism of action of DBD plasma on F. oxysporum. The result of the antibacterial effect curve shows that DBD plasma has a good inactivation effect on F. oxysporum. The DBD plasma treatment severely disrupted the cell membrane structure and resulted in the leakage of intracellular components. In addition, flow cytometry was used to observe intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and mitochondrial membrane potential, and it was found that, after plasma treatment, intracellular ROS accumulation and mitochondrial damage were accompanied by a decrease in antioxidant enzyme activity. The results of free fatty acid metabolism indicate that the saturated fatty acid content increased and unsaturated fatty acid content decreased. Overall, the DBD plasma treatment led to the oxidation of unsaturated fatty acids, which altered the cell membrane fatty acid content, thereby inducing cell membrane damage. Meanwhile, DBD plasma-induced ROS penetrated the cell membrane and accumulated intracellularly, leading to the collapse of the antioxidant system and ultimately causing cell death. This study reveals the bactericidal effect and mechanism of the DBD treatment on F. oxysporum, which provides a possible strategy for the control of F. oxysporum.
Fatty acid regulation of gene transcription; Dietary fat has a dual role in human physiology: a) it functions as a source of energy and structural components for cells; b) it functions as a regulator of gene expression that impacts lipid, carbohydrate, and protein metabolism, as well as cell growth and differentiation. Fatty acid effects on gene expression are cell-specific and influenced by fatty acid structure and metabolism. Fatty acids interact with the genome through several mechanisms. They regulate the activity or nuclear abundance of several transcription factors, including PPAR, LXR, HNF-4, NFkappaB, and SREBP. Fatty acids or their metabolites bind directly to specific transcription factors to regulate gene transcription. Alternatively, fatty acids indirectly act on gene expression through their effects on a) specific enzyme-mediated pathways, such as cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase, protein kinase C, or sphingomyelinase signal transduction pathways; or b) pathways that involve changes in membrane lipid/lipid raft composition that affect G-protein receptor or tyrosine kinase-linked receptor signaling. Further definition of these fatty acid-regulated pathways will provide insight into the role dietary fat plays in human health and the onset and progression of several chronic diseases, like coronary artery disease and atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia and inflammation, obesity and diabetes, cancer, major depressive disorders, and schizophrenia.
Erythrocyte Fatty Acid Composition Is Associated with the Risk of Hypertension in Middle-Aged and Older Women; Experimental studies have suggested different effects of various fats on blood pressure. However, epidemiologic evidence of these relations remains limited and inconsistent. We therefore assessed the association of fatty acid (FA) composition in erythrocyte membranes with the risk of hypertension. We selected 516 cases of incident hypertension and 516 matched controls during 12.9 y of follow-up in the Women's Health Study. Erythrocyte FA was measured in baseline bloods using GC. After controlling matching factors and lifestyle factors, erythrocyte SFA showed a positive association, whereas total cis PUFA, cis (n-3) PUFA, and the ratio of PUFA:SFA (PS ratio) showed an inverse association with the risk of hypertension. The multivariable IRA of hypertension across the increasing quartiles of erythrocyte FA subtypes were 1.00, 1.19, 1.44, and 1.76 for total SFA; 1.00, 0.84, 0.88, and 0.56 for total cis PUFA; 1.00, 0.87, 0.66, and 0.65 for cis (n-3) PUFA; and 1.00, 0.99, 0.70, and 0.51 for the PS ratio. After further adjusting for obesity-related metabolic factors, these associations were attenuated and remained significant only for the PS ratio. cis MUFA, cis (n-6) PUFA, and trans unsaturated FA in erythrocyte membranes were not associated with the risk of hypertension. Our study showed that FA composition in erythrocyte membranes is associated with the risk of hypertension in middle-aged and older women. However, after controlling for obesity-related metabolic factors, the associations remained significant only for the PS ratio. J. Nutr. 141: 1691-1697, 2011.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces apoptosis in proliferating human endothelial cells; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been shown to exert beneficial effects in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, and on tumor growth. To investigate effects of PUFAs on proliferation and apoptosis in endothelial cells, we tested the n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and the n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid (AA) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). The mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) and the production of reactive oxygen species were examined by flow cytometry. Phosphorylation of p53 or p38 MAP kinase, and total levels of p53 were measured by Western blot. DNA binding activity of p53 was analyzed with a TransAM transcription factor assay kit. Tube formation was assessed on Matrigel. In proliferating HUVEC, but not in confluent cells, DHA reduced cell viability and induced apoptosis, as demonstrated by increases in membrane leakage (propidium iodide (PI) staining), Annexin-V binding, sub G, phase in the cell cycle, and TUNEL-positive cells. AA had no effect on these parameters. In addition to a reduced MMP and increased reactive oxygen species, phosphorylation of p38 and p53 (serine 15) and impaired DNA binding of p53 were observed. There was no change in total levels of p53. The p38 inhibitor SB203580 had no effect on Annexin V binding. DHA also attenuated HUVEC tube formation. Taken together, DHA induces apoptosis in proliferating, but not in resting HUVEC, potentially via the phosphorylation of p53, resulting in decreased p53 DNA binding. The results suggest that anti-angiogenic effects of DHA may be due to induction of apoptosis in proliferating endothelial cells.
Shoots and Turions of Aquatic Plants as a Source of Fatty Acids; Background: Fatty acids are essential for human health. Currently, there is a search for alternative sources of fatty acids that could supplement such sources as staple crops or fishes. Turions of aquatic plants accumulate a variety of substances such as starch, free sugars, amino acids, reserve proteins and lipids. Our aim is to see if turions can be a valuable source of fatty acids. Methods: Overwintering shoots and turions of aquatic carnivorous plants were collected. The plant material was extracted with hexane. The oils were analyzed using a gas chromatograph with mass spectrometer. Results: The dominant compound in all samples was linolenic acid. The oil content was different in turions and shoots. The oil content of the shoots was higher than that of the turions, but the proportion of fatty acids in the oils from the shoots was low in contrast to the oils from the turions. The turions of Utricularia species were shown to be composed of about 50% fatty acids. Conclusions: The turions of Utricularia species can be used to obtain oil with unsaturated fatty acids. In addition, the high fatty acid content of turions may explain their ability to survive at low temperatures.
Differences in Muscle and Adipose Tissue Gene Expression and Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors in the Members of Physical Activity Discordant Twin Pairs; High physical activity/aerobic fitness predicts low morbidity and mortality. Our aim was to identify the most up-regulated gene sets related to long-term physical activity vs. inactivity in skeletal muscle and adipose tissues and to obtain further information about their link with cardio-metabolic risk factors. We studied ten same-sex twin pairs (age range 50-74 years) who had been discordant for leisure-time physical activity for 30 years. The examinations included biopsies from m. vastus lateralis and abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue. RNA was analyzed with the genome-wide Illumina Human WG-6 v3.0 Expression BeadChip. For pathway analysis we used Gene Set Enrichment Analysis utilizing active vs. inactive co-twin gene expression ratios. Our findings showed that among the physically active members of twin pairs, as compared to their inactive co-twins, gene expression in the muscle tissue samples was chronically up-regulated for the central pathways related to energy metabolism, including oxidative phosphorylation, lipid metabolism and supportive metabolic pathways. Up-regulation of these pathways was associated in particular with aerobic fitness and high HDL cholesterol levels. In fat tissue we found physical activity-associated increases in the expression of polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and branched-chain amino acid degradation gene sets both of which associated with decreased 'high-risk' ectopic body fat and plasma glucose levels. Consistent with other findings, plasma lipidomics analysis showed up-regulation of the triacylglycerols containing the polyunsaturated fatty acids. Our findings identified skeletal muscle and fat tissue pathways which are associated with the long-term physical activity and reduced cardio-metabolic disease risk, including increased aerobic fitness. In particular, improved skeletal muscle oxidative energy and lipid metabolism as well as changes in adipocyte function and redistribution of body fat are associated with reduced cardio-metabolic risk.
Nutrition chemoprevention of gastrointestinal cancers: A critical review; Various strategies utilizing specific dietary factors have been investigated for their ability to modulate the development of several cancers of the gastrointestinal tract. The effects of fat, red meat, fiber, fruits and vegetables, and alcohol on colorectal carcinogenesis have been reasonably well defined. Folate, selenium, and omega-3 fatty acids are rapidly emerging as important agents in nutrition chemoprevention, while the role of antioxidant vitamins and calcium is less certain. Although recent intervention studies from China have suggested a protective role of certain vitamins and minerals for esophageal and gastric cancers, further data from prospective randomized intervention studies are needed. Until more firm data are available, the dietary recommendations provided by the American Cancer Society and the National Cancer Institute are appropriate guidelines.
Inhibition of intracellular peroxides and apoptosis of lymphocytes in lupus-prone B/W mice by dietary n-6 and n-3 lipids with calorie restriction; Our earlier studies have shown that calorie restriction and n-3 fatty acids inhibit autoimmune disease and prolong life span. Experiments were designed to study the alteration of apoptosis and its mediators in B/W mice fed either n-6 fatty acids [5% corn oil (CO)] or n-3 fatty acids [5% fish oil (FO)] and either allowed access to the diet ad libitum (AL) or restricted in caloric intake by 40% (CR), from 4 weeks of age. At 4 months (young) and 9 months (old) mice were killed, splenic lymphocytes were isolated, and apoptosis was measured with Annexin V and PI staining. Apoptosis was decreased in splenic lymphocytes from both young and old CR mice compared to their respective AL-fed control groups regardless of fat source. Increasing apoptosis with age was observed in CO/AL, CO/CR, and FO/AL mice which correlated closely with significantly higher cellular peroxides measured by flow cytometry using dichlorofluourescein diacetate (DCFH-DA), whereas in both CO/CR and FO/CR peroxide levels remained low in old mice. Furthermore, CR increased the proliferative response of splenic lymphocytes and decreased the Fas (CD95) and Fas-L protein expression in CD4+ lymphocytes from old mice. Higher levels of Fas and Fas-L expression were observed in old mice compared to young mice. Bcl-2 levels were elevated in both young and old CR groups compared to the respective AL groups. Calorie restriction prevented the loss of CD8 cells in old mice fed both the CO and the FO diet. In summary, CR resulted in decreased apoptosis accompanied by alterations in Fas, Fas-L, and Bcl-2 expression in old mice, increased life span, and delayed onset of kidney disease.
SOME PARAMETERS OF NUTRITIONAL QUALITY OF MEAT OBTAINED FROM MANGALITSA AND LANDRACE PIG BREEDS; The aim of this study was to provide a comparative analysis of chemical and fatty acid composition, as well as of the connective tissue proteins in pigs of different genotypes, Mangalitsa and Landrace. Both pig genotypes were fed with the same feed of standard composition and quality. At the end of the fattening period, in total 24 pigs of both genotypes were slaughtered. Based on the analysis of the chemical composition we came to the conclusion that the protein content in both genotypes was similar. Moisture and ash content in the Landrace pig genotype differed significantly (P < 0.01) compared with genotype of Mangalitsa breed. Statistically significant differences (P < 0.01) were established in the fat content, which was 7.95 g/100 g, in pigs of Mangalitsa breed and 1.59 g/100 g in the Landrace pigs breed. Content of hydroxyproline, non-proteinogenic amino acids, in meat of Landrace was significantly higher (P < 0.01) compared to the content in the Mangalitsa breed. The same tendency was observed with regard to the connective tissue protein content, as well as with the relative connective tissue protein content. The fatty acid composition of the meat indicated that the most common saturated fatty acid (SFA) in both tested breeds was palmitic fatty acid (C16), whose content was significantly higher in Landrace (P < 0.01) compared with its content in Mangalitsa breed. In addition, the share of stearic acid (C18) was significantly higher (P < 0.01) in Landrace compared to Mangalitsa pig breed, what significantly contributed to the increase of the SFA share in Landrace compared to Mangalitsa breed. The most common monounsaturated fatty acid in both pig breeds was the oleic fatty acid (C18: 1), whose share was significantly higher in Mangalitsa compared to the Landrace breed (P < 0.01). Out of the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), linoleic fatty acid (C18: 2) was the most predominant in both pig breeds, with no statistically significant differences (P > 0.05). The content of PUFA was not statistically significantly different between the tested breeds, as well as the content of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids, which caused no statistically significant differences in the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. Ratio of the unsaturated fatty acids, i.e., of the sum of MUFA and PUFA, and of the saturated fatty acids was significantly higher in Mangalitsa compared to Landrace breed (1.86 vs. 1.4), and the same was observed when it comes to the relationship MUFA/SFA (1.51 in Mangalitsa vs. 1.08 in Landrace breed) and MUFA/PUFA (4.35 vs. 3.38).
Low concentrations of cis-linoleic acid induce cell damage in epithelial cells from bovine lenses; As low as 5 mu mol/l of cis-linoleic acid proves to be cytotoxic fur bovine lens epithelial cells in culture, Albumin eliminates the linoleic acid cytotoxicity completely presumably by binding the Fatty acid, However, the damaging effect appears again when the molar ratio of linoleic acid to albumin exceeds 1:1, The assumption that the linoleic acid-mused cell damage would be mediated by peroxidation products could not be confirmed, The results obtained rather favor the idea that linoleic acid molecules themselves injure lens epithelial cells. Obviously cell damage even occurs in the presence of albumin if one molecule of albumin binds more than one molecule of linoleic acid, Micromolar concentrations of linoleic acid produce reversible bleb formation as well as cell retraction within 30 min. In primary culture 10 mu mol/l linoleic acid damage lens epithelial cells irreversibly within some hours, Trans-linoleic acid, linolenic acid and oleic acid are also harmful to lens cells but to a lesser degree, while saturated fatty acids are without any effect, Bleb formation as a leading early sign hints at the plasma membrane as the primary target for linoleic acid induced cytotoxicity.
A plasma fatty acid profile associated to type 2 diabetes development: from the CORDIOPREV study; Purpose The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is increasing worldwide. For this reason, it is essential to identify biomarkers for the early detection of T2DM risk and/or for a better prognosis of T2DM. We aimed to identify a plasma fatty acid (FA) profile associated with T2DM development. Methods We included 462 coronary heart disease patients from the CORDIOPREV study without T2DM at baseline. Of these, 107 patients developed T2DM according to the American Diabetes Association (ADA) diagnosis criteria after a median follow-up of 60 months. We performed a random classification of patients in a training set, used to build a FA Score, and a Validation set, in which we tested the FA Score. Results FA selection with the highest prediction power was performed by random survival forest in the Training set, which yielded 4 out of the 24 FA: myristic, petroselinic, alpha-linolenic and arachidonic acids. We built a FA Score with the selected FA and observed that patients with a higher score presented a greater risk of T2DM development, with an HR of 3.15 (95% CI 2.04-3.37) in the Training set, and an HR of 2.14 (95% CI 1.50-2.84) in the Validation set, per standard deviation (SD) increase. Moreover, patients with a higher FA Score presented lower insulin sensitivity and higher hepatic insulin resistance (p < 0.05). Conclusion Our results suggest that a detrimental FA plasma profile precedes the development of T2DM in patients with coronary heart disease, and that this FA profile can, therefore, be used as a predictive biomarker.
Effects of lifestyle counseling and combination lipid-modifying therapy on lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 mass concentration; BACKGROUND: Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA(2)) is a novel inflammatory biomarker that is associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk independent of and additive to traditional risk factors. Lp-PLA(2) activity is correlated with the degree of inflammation in the atherosclerotic plaque. In human blood, approximately 80% of Lp-PLA(2) is associated with low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Thus, it is hypothesized that changes in Lp-PLA(2) should imitate the changes in the LDL cholesterol.
Nutritional intervention for improving treatment tolerance in cancer patients; Purpose of review
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Improves Glycemic Control in Elderly Bedridden Patients with Type 2 Diabetes; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids mainly contained in the blue-backed fish oil, and are effective in decreasing the lipids disorder and the cardiovascular incidence among diabetic patients. Moreover, it has been suggested that EPA and DHA may improve the insulin resistance and glucose metabolism. However, the clinical effects of EPA and DHA on glucose metabolism remain unclear. We aimed to clarify the effects of EPA/DHA treatment on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study was a multicenter prospective randomized controlled trial involving 30 elderly type 2 diabetic patients on a liquid diet. Their exercises were almost zero and the content of their meals was strictly managed and understood well. Therefore, the difference by the individual's life was a minimum. The subjects were divided into two groups: those receiving EPA/DHA-rich liquid diet [EPA/DHA (+)] or liquid diet lacking EPA/DHA [EPA/DHA (-)]. Changes in factors related to glucose and lipid metabolism were assessed after the three-month study. Serum concentrations of EPA rose in EPA/DHA (+), although the levels of DHA and fasting C-peptide remained unchanged in EPA/DHA (+). In addition, there was a significant decline in the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting remnant-like particles and apolipoprotein (apo) B in EPA/DHA (+), compared with the values in EPA/DHA (-). EPA/DHA-rich diet might improve glucose metabolism in elderly type 2 diabetic patients on a liquid diet. This phenomenon may be due to the improved insulin resistance mediated by the rise in serum EPA concentrations.
Immunomodulatory effects of graded levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in common carp<i> (Cyprinus</i><i> carpio)</i> -<i> In</i><i> vitro</i> and<i> in</i><i> vivo</i> approaches; The D-series resolvins formed from docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) work as anti-inflammatory mediators indicating the role of this long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid in the immune system of mammals. However, such in-formation is still limited in fish. The current study was conducted to evaluate the immunomodulatory effects of graded levels of DHA in common carp Cyprinus carpio by in vitro and in vivo approaches. In the in vitro experiment, the head kidney leukocytes isolated from common carp (body weight = 120.3 +/- 12.4 g) were exposed to DHA at 0, 15, and 75 mu M (corresponding to DHA0, DHA15, and DHA75) for 1 h; the cells were then immediately exposed to lipopolysaccharides (LPS) at a dose of 10 mu g/ml for 4 or 24 h to stimulate the pro-inflammatory responses. The expression of several target genes involved in the inflammatory response (tlr4, nfkb, il-1, il-6, pge2, pla2, nf-kbi, il-10, and tgf-beta 1) and cytoprotection (hsp70, gpx1, and prdx3) was then assessed by RT-qPCR. Results showed that the pro-inflammatory response induced by LPS was confirmed through the upregulations of il-1 and il-6 ex-pressions in the DHA0 group after 4 h of LPS exposure. The downregulations of il-6 in DHA15 and DHA75 cells after 4 h of LPS exposure compared to DHA0 indicated that the free DHA supplementation in the cell culture medium induced an anti-inflammatory response. Decreases of il-10 and nf-kbi expression were also observed in DHA-treated groups and the highest expression of hsp70 in DHA75 cells. In the in vivo experiment, common carp juveniles (21.7 +/- 0.9 g) were fed to apparent satiation with a diet supplemented with DHA at 0, 6, and 20 g/kg for 8 weeks. After the feeding trial, the fish were challenged with Aeromonas veronii at 2.1 x 107 CFU/ml and the fish mortality was then recorded during 14 days. At the end of the feeding trial and the second day of bacterial infection, fish blood samples were collected for haematological parameters while liver and head kidney were used for assaying different immune variables. Results showed that the DHA supplementation in fish diet did not influence the fish growth and other husbandry parameters. The lowest value of fish mortality was recorded in DHA20-fed fish. The positive effects of DHA-supplemented diets were also found in myeloperoxidase (MPO), glutathione (GSH), and catalase (CAT) activities. In conclusion, the results suggest that DHA is able to modulate the inflammatory response in the immune celsl at a dose of 75 mu M/mL and to boost disease resistance in common carp fed on a diet supplemented with DHA at 20 g/kg of feed.
High dietary total antioxidant capacity is associated with a reduced risk of hypertension in French women; BackgroundAlthough there is evidence for a reduced risk of hypertension associated with fruit and vegetable consumption, the relationship between the total antioxidant capacity of the diet (TAC) and the risk of hypertension has not been previously examined. We aimed to evaluate that association in the large E3N French prospective cohort of women.MethodsDietary TAC was estimated using total radical-trapping ability parameter (TRAP) assay food values; self-reported incident hypertension cases were validated. Cox regression models were adjusted for conventional risk factors, body mass index, physical activity, energy, sodium, magnesium, omega-3 fatty acids, and alcohol.ResultsAfter an average 12.7years of follow up, there were 9350 incident cases of hypertension among 40,576 women. Dietary TAC was inversely associated with the risk of hypertension with a 15% lower risk of hypertension in those in the fifth vs. first quintile (HRQ5 0.85 [CI 95% 0.74; 0.95] p-trend 0.03) An inverse dose-effect relationship was observed for dietary TAC excluding coffee (HRQ5 0.85 [CI 95% 0.74; 0.95], p-trend 0.0008), while for dietary TAC from coffee, only the highest quintile was inversely associated with risk (HRQ5 0.86 [0.75, 0.97], p-trend 0.20). In a fully partitioned model with major dietary TAC contributors, TAC from fruit/vegetables, wine, and miscellaneous sources was inversely associated with risk, while associations with TAC from coffee, tea, and chocolate were not statistically significant.ConclusionsIn a large prospective cohort, the risk of incident hypertension in women was inversely associated with the antioxidant capacity of the diet, suggesting that promoting a diet naturally rich in antioxidants might help prevent the development of hypertension.
Cytokine and lipid metabolome effects of low-dose acetylsalicylic acid in critically ill patients with systemic inflammation: a pilot, feasibility, multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: The systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) is a dysregulated response that contributes to critical illness. Adjunctive acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) treatment may offer beneficial effects by increasing the synthesis of specialised proresolving mediators (a subset of polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived lipid mediators).
Differences in arachidonic acid levels and fatty acid desaturase (<i>FADS</i>) gene variants in African Americans and European Americans with diabetes or the metabolic syndrome; Over the past 50 years, increases in dietary n-6 PUFA, such as linoleic acid, have been hypothesised to cause or exacerbate chronic inflammatory diseases. The present study examines an individual's innate capacity to synthesise n-6 long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) with respect to the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) locus in Americans of African and European descent with diabetes or the metabolic syndrome. Compared with European Americans (EAm), African Americans (AfAm) exhibited markedly higher serum levels of arachidonic acid (AA) (EAm 7.9 (SD 2.1), AfAm 9.8 (SD 1.9) % of total fatty acids; P < 2.29 x 10(-9)) and the AA: n-6-precursor fatty acid ratio, which estimates FADS1 activity (EAm 5.4 (SD 2.2), AfAm 6.9 (SD 2.2); P=1.44 x 10(-5)). In all, seven SNP mapping to the FADS locus revealed strong association with AA, EPA and dihomo-g-linolenic acid (DGLA) in the EAm. Importantly, EAm homozygous for the minor allele (T) had significantly lower AA levels (TT 6.3 (SD 1.0); GG 8.5 (SD 2.1); P=3.0 x 10(-5)) and AA: DGLA ratios (TT 3.4 (SD 0.8), GG 6.5 (SD 2.3); P=2.2 x 10(-7)) but higher DGLA levels (TT 1.9 (SD 0.4), GG 1.4 (SD 0.4); P=3.3 x 10(-7)) compared with those homozygous for the major allele (GG). Allele frequency patterns suggest that the GG genotype at rs174537 (associated with higher circulating levels of AA) is much higher in AfAm (0.81) compared with EAm (0.46). Similarly, marked differences in rs174537 genotypic frequencies were observed in HapMap populations. These data suggest that there are probably important differences in the capacity of different populations to synthesise LC-PUFA. These differences may provide a genetic mechanism contributing to health disparities between populations of African and European descent.
Microalgae as Raw Materials for Aquafeeds: Growth Kinetics and Improvement Strategies of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Production; Studies have shown that ancient cultures used microalgae as food for centuries. Currently, scientific reports highlight the value of nutritional composition of microalgae and their ability to accumulate polyunsaturated fatty acids at certain operational conditions. These characteristics are gaining increasing interest for the aquaculture industry which is searching for cost-effective replacements for fish meal and oil because these commodities are one of the most significant operational expenses and their dependency has become a bottleneck for their sustainable development of the aquaculture industry. This review is aimed at highlighting the use of microalgae as polyunsaturated fatty acid source in aquaculture feed formulations, despite their scarce production at industrial scale. Moreover, this document includes several approaches to improve microalgae production and to increase the content of polyunsaturated fatty acids with emphasis in the accumulation of DHA, EPA, and ARA. Furthermore, the document compiles several studies which prove microalgae-based aquafeeds for marine and freshwater species. Finally, the study explores the aspects that intervene in production kinetics and improvement strategies with possibilities for upscaling and facing main challenges of using microalgae in the commercial production of aquafeeds.
Effects of co-3 fatty acids and ratio of co-3/co-6 for health promotion and disease prevention; Awareness of the role of essential fatty acids in human health and disease prevention has been increasing among the population over the past decades. It is known that the positive correlation of essential fatty acid content with a decrease in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, infant development, brain and vision functioning, arthritis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and neurological/neuropsychiatric disorders. Rich sources of essential fatty acids are fish, fish oil, and some vegetable oils. In this paper, the average content of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids in oils (g/100 g of fat) and their ratio is presented. In Kazakhstan, among vegetable oils, sunflower oil is the most commonly consumed, in which the ratio a)-6 to a)-3 on average is about 220:1, which exceeds all recommended norms. Based on the examination of literary data on this topic, the desk-based research approach was used in this paper. According to the results, statistical data on the number of diseases of the cardiovascular system and diabetes mellitus are confirmed by studies on the positive relationship between PUWC and the development of these diseases, which indicates the need to conduct more studies on the ratio of a)-6 to a)-3 in the diets. The objective of this research is to encourage scientists to increase their basic grasp of biochemistry in order to improve health and prevent fatty acid illness.
Good fish/bad fish: A composite benefit-risk by dose curve; Balancing risks and benefits of fish consumption is now a high visibility public health topic. Many studies identify health benefits of eating fish, both for prenatal development and adult cardiovascular conditions, partly attributed to omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids or PUFAs). Many reports raise concerns about methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyl effects on the developing fetal brain (although adults, too, can manifest methylmercury effects). Most reports and advisories focus on recreational or subsistence fish, but the vast majority of people obtain most or all of their fish from commercial sources. Our analysis of the nine most common fish in New Jersey markets, yielded a weighted average methylmercury concentration of 0.23 ug/g (ppm wet weight). There are great disparities in the amount and distribution of both PUFAs and contaminants) in different fish species. Recognizing that both benefits and harm must be related to dose, we propose a compound dose-response curve, currently based on limited data, to identify a zone of benefit, above the benefit threshold and below the harm threshold. The duration of pregnancy and birth weight improve at a benefit threshold of about 8-15 g/day maternal fish intake. Meta-analyses reveal adult cardiovascular benefits around 7.5-22.5 g/day bracket (assuming an 8 ounce/227 g typical meal), yielding a midpoint also at 15 g/day, but this is an artifact of the intake stratification. Benefit asymptotes are harder to extract, but are above 45 g/day, and in some studies exceed 100 g/day. Using the EPA Reference Dose of 0. 1 ug/kg day as a methylmercury threshold, The fish intake threshold for harm converts to 27 g/day (for a selection of common commercial fish averaging 0.23 ppm MeHg) to 65 g/day for someone choosing fish low in MeHg (0. 1 ppm). However, these are worst case thresholds since the RfD includes uncertainty factors. Some people eat much more than 65 g/day. The shape of the dose-benefit and dose-harm curves require better data for estimating thresholds and asymptotes, which will impact the composite curve. We propose this approach clarifies the kinds of data needed to improve risk communication on "what should I eat". Benefits from fish consumption are confounded by socioeconomic class and/or by the avoidance of more harmful foods that fish replaces, which may be as important a benefit mechanism as the PUFA content. Additional studies with better dose- reconstruction are needed and large scale intervention studies are desirable. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Approach to Hypertriglyceridemia in the Pediatric Population; Hypertriglyceridemia is increasingly identified in children and adolescents, owing to improved screening and higher prevalence of childhood obesity. Hypertriglyceridemia can result from either increased triglyceride (TG) production or reduced TG clearance. The etiologic origin can be primary (genetic) or secondary, but it is often multifactorial. Management is challenging because of the interplay of genetic and secondary causes and lack of evidence-based guidelines. Lifestyle changes and dietary interventions are most important, especially in hypertriglyceridemia associated with obesity. Dietary restriction of fat remains the mainstay of management in primary hypertriglyceridemia. When fasting TG concentration is increased above 500 mg/dL (5.65 mmol/L), fibrates may be used to prevent pancreatitis. Omega-3 fatty acids are often used as an adjunctive therapy. When the fasting TG concentration is less than 500 mg/dL (5.65 mmol/L) and if the non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level is above 145 mg/dL (3.76 mmol/L), statin treatment can be considered.
Vitamin transporters in mice brain with aging; Its high metabolic rate and high polyunsaturated fatty acid content make the brain very sensitive to oxidative damage. In the brain, neuronal metabolism occurs at a very high rate and generates considerable amounts of reactive oxygen species and free radicals, which accumulate inside neurons, leading to altered cellular homeostasis and integrity and eventually irreversible damage and cell death. A misbalance in redox metabolism and the subsequent neurodegeneration increase throughout the course of normal aging, leading to several age-related changes in learning and memory as well as motor functions. The neuroprotective function of antioxidants is crucial to maintain good brain homeostasis and adequate neuronal functions. Vitamins E and C are two important antioxidants that are taken up by brain cells via the specific carriers alpha TTP and SVCT2, respectively. The aim of this study was to use immunohistochemistry to determine the distribution pattern of these vitamin transporters in the brain in a mouse model that shows fewer signs of brain aging and a higher resistance to oxidative damage. Both carriers were distributed widely throughout the entire brain in a pattern that remained similar in 4-, 12-, 18- and 24-month-old mice. In general, alpha TTP and SVCT2 were located in the same regions, but they seemed to have complementary distribution patterns. Double-labeled cell bodies were detected only in the inferior colliculus, entorhinal cortex, dorsal subiculum, and several cortical areas. In addition, the presence of alpha TTP and SVCT2 in neurons was analyzed using double immunohistochemistry for NeuN and the results showed that alpha TTP but not SVCT2 was present in Bergmann's glia. The presence of these transporters in brain regions implicated in learning, memory and motor control provides an anatomical basis that may explain the higher resistance of this animal model to brain oxidative stress, which is associated with better motor performance and learning abilities in old age.
Significant increase in survival of captive-bred juvenile Banggai cardinalfish <i>Pterapogon kauderni</i> with an essential fatty acid-enriched diet; Pteropogon kauderni is an endemic, direct developing. coral reef fish from Indonesia, which has become very Popular in the aquarium community. During development of a captive breeding program, high frequency of shock syndrome events and associated mortality was observed in juveniles fed a diet of newly hatched Artemia. After about a week post-release, juveniles became extremely sensitive to external stimuli, Such as feeding and turning the lights on. A series of live tests (mean duration = 116 d) were conducted to investigate it possible dietary essential fatty acid deficiency. A significant increase in survival (P < 0.001) and decrease in frequency of shock syndrome events (P < 0.05) were observed in juveniles fed a highly unsaturated fatty acid-enriched diet. Juveniles fed the un-enriched diet Suffered a mean of 1.4 events/ individual, whereas those fed the enriched diet had a significantly lower mean of 0.08 (P < 0.001). Mean mortality fall tests) for juveniles fed the un-enriched diet was 80.7%, whereas it was 5.3% for those fed the enriched diet. No individual fed the enriched diet died after suffering a shock event, whereas in four Out Of five tests several individuals (mean = 2.26) fed the un-enriched diet died a few Minutes after the event. No event was observed during the first week after juvenile release; the mean days at which the first event occurred (all tests) were 26.8 (un-enriched) and 26 (enriched), and the mean week at which the highest frequency of shock events occurred was 4.7 (un-enriched). The results of this study have Particular significance for conservation because of the threatened Status of P. kauderni.
n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids differentially regulate adipose angiotensinogen and other inflammatory adipokines in part via NF-κB-dependent mechanisms; Excessive secretion of proinflammatory adipokines has been linked to metabolic disorders. We have previously documented anti-inflammatory effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in adipose tissue; however, the mechanisms by which these fatty acids regulate adipokine secretion remain unclear. Here, we determined differential effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA. n-3 PUFA) vs. arachidonic acid (AA, n-6 PUFA) on expression and secretion of angiotensinogen (Agt), interleukin 6 (IL-6) and monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP-1) in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. While both PUFAs increased intracellular Agt protein and mRNA expression. Agt secretion into culture media was increased only by AA treatment, which in turn was prevented by co-treatment with EPA. At various AA/EPA ratios, increasing AA concentrations significantly increased secretion of the above three adipokines, whereas increasing EPA dose-dependently, while lowering AA, decreased their secretion. Moreover, IL-6 and MCP-1 were more significantly reduced by EPA treatment compared to Agt (IL-6>MCP>Agt). Next, we tested whether nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), a major proinflammatory transcription factor, was involved in regulation of these adipokines by PUFAs. EPA significantly inhibited NF-kappa B activation compared to control or AA treatments. Moreover, EPA attenuated tumor necrosis factor-alpha-induced MCP-1 and further reduced its secretion in the presence of an NF-kappa B inhibitor. Taken together, we reported here novel beneficial effects of EPA in adipocytes. We demonstrated direct anti-inflammatory effects of EPA, which are at least in part due to the inhibitory effects of this n-3 PUFA on the NF-kappa B pathway in adipocytes. In conclusion, these studies further support beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs in adipocyte inflammation and metabolic disorders. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Investigated treatments for lipoprotein lipase deficiency and related metabolic disorders; Introduction: Monogenic chylomicronemia is a rare, dramatic phenotype caused by bi-allelic mutations within genes governing lipolysis, most frequently LPL, but also APOC2, APOA5, LMF1 and GPIHBP1. Features include life-threatening pancreatitis, together with failure to thrive in childhood, hepatosplenomegaly, lipemia retinalis and eruptive xanthomas. We review recent developments of new treatments for this condition.
Oxylipins Associated with D3-Creatine Muscle Mass/Weight and Physical Performance among Community-Dwelling Older Men; Poor physical function is highly prevalent with aging, and strongly associated with D3-creatine muscle mass/weight. Using metabolomics, we previously identified several triglycerides consisting mostly of polyunsaturated fatty acids that were higher in older adults with good mobility. Here, we sought to further investigate polyunsaturated fatty-acid-related metabolites, i.e., oxylipins, and their associations with D3-creatine muscle mass/weight, gait speed, grip strength, and the Short Physical Performance Battery among 463 older men from the Osteoporotic Fractures in Men Study (MrOS). Oxylipins were measured in fasting serum using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Muscle mass was estimated using D3-creatine dilution and adjusted for body size. We used linear regression to determine oxylipins associated with D3-creatine muscle mass/weight and physical performance, while adjusting for age, education, physical activity, Western dietary pattern, fish oil supplementation, and multiple comparisons. Among 42 oxylipins, none were associated with grip strength and 3 were associated with the Short Physical Performance Battery. In contrast, 18 and 17 oxylipins were associated with D3-creatine muscle mass/weight and gait speed, respectively. A subset of associations between oxylipins and gait speed were partially attenuated by D3-creatine muscle mass/weight. Higher levels of fatty acid alcohol and ketone oxylipins tended to be most strongly associated with gait speed and D3-creatine muscle mass/weight, potentially reflecting anti-inflammatory activity from these select oxylipins in MrOS older men.
A protective effect of the Mediterranean diet for cutaneous melanoma; Background Many studies have investigated the Mediterranean diet as a risk factor for cancer, none of which has included cutaneous melanoma. The latter is usually fatal, rendering knowledge about prevention extremely important. We assessed the role of some food components of the Mediterranean diet and cutaneous melanoma.
Improving the nutritional quality of milk Optimising milk fatty acid profile by manipulating the dairy cow diet; Epidemiological evidence suggests high milk consumption protects against certain chronic diseases, and yet the high saturated fatty acid (SFA) concentration of milk fat has lead to research into reducing SFA and trans- fatty acid content, and enhancing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content. The most successful method of reducing SFA content is by feeding dairy cows supplemental oilseeds, although amount, type and form of oilseed influence the degree of effect. Also, the high unsaturated fatty acid content of oilseeds leads to increases in milk fat trans- fatty acids unless the oilseed is protected from rumen metabolism. Milk fat CLA concentrations can be increased by feeding fish oils, however this can also lead to increases in trans- fatty acids. Trans- fatty acids are thought to have negative effects on human health, although the consumption and isomeric profile of ruminant-derived trans- fatty acids are different to consumption and profile of those derived from industrial hydrogenation. Future research should be directed towards sustainable methods of supplementing dairy cow diets with plant ads in a way that produces the most beneficial milk fatty acid profile.
Impact of methods used to express levels of circulating fatty acids on the degree and direction of associations with blood lipids in humans; Numerous studies have examined relationships between disease biomarkers (such as blood lipids) and levels of circulating or cellular fatty acids. In such association studies, fatty acids have typically been expressed as the percentage of a particular fatty acid relative to the total fatty acids in a sample. Using two human cohorts, this study examined relationships between blood lipids (TAG, and LDL, HDL or total cholesterol) and circulating fatty acids expressed either as a percentage of total or as concentration in serum. The direction of the correlation between stearic acid, linoleic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid and DHA and circulating TAG reversed when fatty acids were expressed as concentrations v. a percentage of total. Similar reversals were observed for these fatty acids when examining their associations with the ratio of total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol. This reversal pattern was replicated in serum samples from both human cohorts. The correlations between blood lipids and fatty acids expressed as a percentage of total could be mathematically modelled from the concentration data. These data reveal that the different methods of expressing fatty acids lead to dissimilar correlations between blood lipids and certain fatty acids. This study raises important questions about how such reversals in association patterns impact the interpretation of numerous association studies evaluating fatty acids and their relationships with disease biomarkers or risk.
Does inclusion of bioactive n-3 PUFAs in parenteral nutrition benefit postoperative patients undergoing liver surgery? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised control trials; Objectives This meta-analysis aims to evaluate the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as a part of parenteral nutrition in patients undergoing liver surgery.Design Systematic review and meta-analysis.Data sources PubMed, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Springer link, Web of Science, China National Knowledge Infrastructure and VIP Database.Eligibility criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and evaluated the outcomes of liver function, inflammatory reaction, the influence of certain markers of the immune system, and specific clinical indexes for patients undergoing liver surgery and receiving parenteral nutrition with n-3 PUFAs.Data extraction and synthesis The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was used to assess the risk of bias for each study. Findings were summarised in Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation evidence profiles and synthesised qualitatively.Results Eight RCTs, including 748 patients (trial: 374; control: 374), were included in the meta-analysis. Compared with patients in the control group, the patients in the n-3 PUFA group who underwent liver surgery had significantly lower aspartate aminotransferase (mean difference, MD -42.72 (95% CI -71.91 to -13.52); p=0.004), alanine aminotransferase (MD -38.90 (95% CI -65.44 to -12.37); p=0.004), white cell count (MD -0.93 (95% CI -1.60 to -0.26); p=0.007) and IL-6 (MD -11.37 (95% CI -14.62 to -8.13); p<0.00001) levels and a higher albumin level (MD 0.42 (95% CI 0.26 to 0.57); p<0.00001). They also had fewer infection complications (OR 0.44 (95% CI 0.28 to 0.68); p=0.0003) and a shorter duration of hospital stay (MD -2.17 (95% CI -3.04 to -1.3); p<0.00001) than the controls. However, there were no significant differences in terms of total bilirubin, TNF-alpha, IL-2, IgA, IgG, IgM and CD3, biliary leakage and mortality between the two groups.Conclusions We found that n-3 PUFAs can benefit patients undergoing liver surgery by improving liver function and certain clinical indexes and decreasing related inflammation factors. However, there are limited RCTs on the application of n-3 PUFAs for patients undergoing liver surgery. Further evidence of the benefit of n-3 PUFAs in these patients warrants further exploration.
Bioactive lipids in metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic disorders, such as abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and impaired fasting glucose that contribute to increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome is complicated and the precise mechanisms have not been elucidated, dietary lipids have been recognized as contributory factors ill the development and the prevention of cardiovascular risk clustering. This review explores the physiological functions and molecular actions of bioactive lipids, such as n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, conjugated fatty acids, sterols, medium-chain fatty acids, diacylglycerols and phospholipids, in the development of metabolic syndrome. Dietary bioactive lipids suppress the accumulation of abdominal adipose tissue and lipids in the liver and serum, and alleviate hypertension and type 2 diabetes through the transcriptional regulation of lipid and glucose metabolism. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), sterol regulatory element binding proteins, liver X receptor alpha, retinoid X receptor alpha, farnesoid X receptor a, hepatic nuclear factor 4 alpha and nuclear factor kappa B contribute to these nuclear actions of bioactive lipids with complex interactions. Recent studies have demonstrated the striking ability of bioactive lipids to regulate the production of physiologically active adipocytokines through PPAR gamma activation. In particular, the function of bioactive lipids as dietary adiponectin inducers (dietary insulin sensitizers) deserves attention with respect to alleviation of metabolic syndrome by dietary manipulation. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutrition in diabetes mellitus; Diet is very important in the treatment of diabetes mellitus. An energy deficit of about 500 Kcal per day is recommended for most overweight diabetic patients in order to progressively achieve a weight loss. - According to the most re cent recommendations of the Nutrition Study Group of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes, 60 to 70% of the total daily energy should be covered from a combination of carbohydrates and monounsaturated fatty acids with a cis-configuration. The percentage of energy contributed by each may vary according to individual preferences and clinical characteristics. It is, also, important to reduce the intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids (< 10% total energy). Protein intake should not exceed 20% total energy intake. Rich in fibre and/or antioxidant carbohydrate containing foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes) or those with a low glycaemic index are strongly recommended Moderate amounts of foods rich in omega (3)-fatty acids (mainly oily fish) should be regularly consumed.
Susceptibility of <i>Escherichia coli</i> O157:H7 grown at low temperatures to the krypton-chlorine excilamp; This study was conducted to investigate the resistance of Escherichia coli O157:H7 to 222-nm krypton-chlorine(KrCl) excilamp and 254-nm low-pressure Hg lamp (LP lamp) treatment according to growth temperature. As growth temperature decreased, lag time of E. coli O157:H7 significantly increased while the growth rate significantly decreased. Regardless of growth temperature, the KrCl excilamp showed higher disinfection capacity compared to the LP lamp at stationary growth phase. KrCl excilamp treatment showed significantly higher reduction as growth temperature decreased. Conversely, reduction levels according to growth temperature were not significantly different when the pathogen was subjected to LP lamp treatment. Inactivation mechanisms were evaluated by the thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) assay and SYBR green assay, and we confirmed that lipid oxdiation capacity following KrCl excilamp treatment increased as growth temperature decreased, which was significantly higher than that of LP lamp treated samples regardless of growth temperature. DNA damage level was significantly higher for LP Hg lamp treated samples compared to those subjected to the KrCl excilamp, but no significant difference pursuant to growth temperature was observed. At the transcriptional level, gene expression related to several metabolic pathways was significantly higher for the pathogen grown at 15 degrees C compared that of 37 degrees C, enabling it to adapt and survive at low temperature, and membrane lipid composition became altered to ensure membrane fluidity. Consequently, resistance of E. coli O157:H7 to the KrCl excilamp decreased as growth temperature decreased because the ratio of unsaturated fatty acid composition increased at low growth temperature resulting in higher lipid oxidation levels. These results indicate that KrCl excilamp treatment should be determined carefully considering the growth temperature of E. coli O157:H7.
High-throughput analysis of plasma fatty acid methyl esters employing robotic transesterification and fast gas chromatography; Fatty acid analysis is an important research tool, and indices derived from essential fatty acid contents serve as useful biomarkers related to cardiovascular and other chronic disease risk. Both clinical and basic studies of essential fatty acid composition are becoming ever larger in magnitude leading to delays while the rather laborious lipid analyses are performed. A robotic transesterification procedure has been developed for high-throughput analysis of plasma fatty acid methyl esters. In this approach, robots perform most steps including plasma and reagent transfer, transesterification reaction via heating at 80 degrees C in open tubes with multiple reagent additions, followed by two-phase extraction and transfer of lipid extracts to GC vials. The vials are then placed directly onto a GC autosampler carousel for robotic sample injection. An improved fast GC method is presented in which the peaks of interest are eluted within 6 min. This method is readily scalable to prepare and analyze 200 samples per day (1,000 samples per week) so that large clinical trials can be accommodated.
Myocardial triglyceride content at 3 T cardiovascular magnetic resonance and left ventricular systolic function: a cross-sectional study in patients hospitalized with acute heart failure; Background: Increased myocardial triglyceride (TG) content has been recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, its relation with cardiac function in patients on recovery from acute heart failure (HF) remains unclear. In this cross-sectional study, we sought to investigate the association between myocardial TG content measured on magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-1-MRS) and left ventricular (LV) function assessed on cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) in patients who were hospitalized with HF.
Nutrition Intervention in the Critically Ill Cardiothoracic Patient; Despite acute myocardial infarction and cardiac surgery accounting for 2 of the most common reasons patients are admitted to the intensive care unit, little attention and investigation have been directed specifically for these patients. This patient population therefore deserves special attention as they are often malnourished but require emergent interventions, making nutrition intervention challenging. This article reviews current medical interventions implemented in critically ill cardiothoracic patients and discusses evidence-based nutrition therapy, including enteral and parenteral feeding, glycemic control, and antioxidant provision. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2012;27:323-334)
Leptin Reverts Pro-Apoptotic and Antiproliferative Effects of α-Linolenic Acids in BCR-ABL Positive Leukemic Cells: Involvement of PI3K Pathway; It is suspected that bone marrow (BM) microenvironmental factors may influence the evolution of chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML). In this study, we postulated that adipocytes and lipids could be involved in the progression of CML. To test this hypothesis, adipocytes were co-cultured with two BCR-ABL positive cell lines (PCMDS and K562). T cell (Jurkat) and stroma cell (HS-5) lines were used as controls. In the second set of experiments, leukemic cell lines were treated with stearic, oleic, linoleic or a-linolenic acids in presence or absence of leptin. Survival, proliferation, leptin production, OB-R isoforms (OB-Ra and OB-Rb), phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3k) and BCL-2 expression have been tested after 24h, 48h and 72h of treatment. Our results showed that adipocytes induced a decrease of CML proliferation and an increase in lipid accumulation in leukemic cells. In addition, CML cell lines induced adipocytes cell death. Chromatography analysis showed that BM microenvironment cells were full of saturated (SFA) and monounsaturated (MUFA) fatty acids, fatty acids that protect tumor cells against external agents. Stearic acid increased Bcl-2 expression in PCMDS, whereas oleic and linoleic acids had no effects. In contrast, a-linolenic acid decreased the proliferation and the survival of CML cell lines as well as BCL-2 and OB-R expression. The effect of a-linolenic acids seemed to be due to PI3K pathway and Bcl-2 inhibition. Leptin production was detected in the co-culture medium. In the presence of leptin, the effect of a-linolenic acid on proliferation, survival, OB-R and BCl-2 expression was reduced.
PCB-induced oxidative stress in endothelial cells: modulation by nutrients; There is an increasing body of evidence suggesting that exposure to Superfund chemicals may have adverse consequences on many organ systems, as well as carcinogenic and atherogenic effects. This is particularly true for polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons such as the polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). The vascular endothelium, which is constantly exposed to blood components including environmental contaminants, is extremely vulnerable to chemical insult as well as necrotic and apoptotic injury. Our recent studies suggest that certain PCBs, especially coplanar PCBs, can compromise normal functions of vascular endothelial cells by activating oxidative stress-sensitive signaling pathways and subsequent proinflammatory events critical in the pathology of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. Our findings suggest that an increase in the level of cellular oxidative stress is a significant event in PCB-mediated endothelial cell dysfunction and that nutrients can modulate PCB-induced oxidative stress and endothelial toxicity. We have demonstrated that the dietary fat linoleic acid, the parent unsaturated fatty acid of the omega-6 family, can increase endothelial dysfunction induced by selected PCBs, probably by contributing to oxidative stress and as the result of the production of toxic metabolites called leukotoxins. The subsequent imbalance in the overall cellular oxidant/antioxidant status can activate oxidative stress- or redox-sensitive transcription factors, which in turn promote gene expression for inflammatory cytokines and adhesion molecules, intensifying the inflammatory response and endothelial cell dysfunction. Our data also suggest that antioxidant nutrients such as vitamin E can protect against endothelial cell damage mediated by PCBs or polyunsaturated dietary fats by interfering with oxidative stress-sensitive and proinflammatory signaling pathways. The concept that nutrition can modify or ameliorate the toxicity of Superfund chemicals is provocative and warrants further study as the implications for human health are significant. The information from such studies could be used to develop dietary recommendations and nutritional interventions for populations at high risk for exposure to PCBs, including communities living near Superfund sites and those exposed via occupation or diet.
Dietary fatty acids on aortic root calcification in mice with metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes, and chronic low-grade inflammation. The aim of this study was to determine the role of high-fat low-cholesterol diets (HFLCDs) rich in SFAs (HFLCD-SFAs), MUFAs (HFLCD-MUFAs) or MUFAs plus omega-3 long-chain PUFAs (HFLCD-PUFAs) on vascular calcification by the modulation of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in the aortic roots of Lep(ob/ob)LDLR(-/-) mice. Animals fed with HFLCD-SFAs had increased weight and a greater atheroma plaque size, calcification, and RANKL/CATHK expression in the aortic root than mice on MUFA-enriched diets, with an increasing OPG expression in the aortic roots of the latter. Our study demonstrates that compared to dietary SFAs, MUFAs from olive oil protect against atherosclerosis by interfering with vascular calcification via the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in the setting of MetS. These findings open opportunities for developing novel nutritional strategies with olive oil as the most important dietary source of MUFAs (notably oleic acid) to prevent cardiovascular complications in MetS.
Changes of Intracellular Porphyrin, Reactive Oxygen Species, and Fatty Acids Profiles During Inactivation of Methicillin-Resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> by Antimicrobial Blue Light; Antimicrobial blue light (aBL) has attracted increasing interest for its antimicrobial properties. However, the underlying bactericidal mechanism has not yet been verified. One hypothesis is that aBL causes the excitation of intracellular chromophores; leading to the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the resultant oxidization of various biomolecules. Thus, monitoring the levels of redox-sensitive intracellular biomolecules such as coproporphyrins, as well as singlet oxygen and various ROS may help to uncover the physiological changes induced by aBL and aid in establishing the underlying mechanism of action. Furthermore, the identification of novel targets of ROS, such as fatty acids, is of potential significance from a therapeutic perspective. In this study, we sought to investigate the molecular impact of aBL treatment on methicillinresistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The results showed that aBL (5-80 J/cm(2)) exhibited a bactericidal effect on MRSA, and almost no bacteria survived when 80 J/cm(2) had been delivered. Further studies revealed that the concentrations of certain intracellular molecules varied in response to aBL irradiation. Coproporphyrin levels were found to decrease gradually, while ROS levels increased rapidly. Moreover, imaging revealed the emergence and increase of singlet oxygen molecules. Concomitantly, the lipid peroxidation product malondialdehyde (MDA) increased in abundance and intracellular K+ leakage was observed, indicating permeability of the cell membrane. Atomic force microscopy showed that the cell surface exhibited a coarse appearance. Finally, fatty acid profiles at different illumination levels were monitored by GCMS. The relative amounts of three unsaturated fatty acids (C-16:1, C-20:1, and C-20:4) were decreased in response to aBL irradiation, which likely played a key role in the aforementioned membrane injuries. Collectively, these data suggest that the cell membrane is a major target of ROS during aBL irradiation, causing alterations to membrane lipid profiles, and in particular to the unsaturated fatty acid component.
Tafazzin Deficiency Reduces Basal Insulin Secretion and Mitochondrial Function in Pancreatic Islets From Male Mice; Tafazzin (TAZ) is a cardiolipin (CL) biosynthetic enzyme important for maintaining mitochondrial function. TAZ affects both the species and content of CL in the inner mitochondrial membrane, which are essential for normal cellular respiration. In pancreatic beta cells, mitochondrial function is closely associated with insulin secretion. However, the role of TAZ and CL in the secretion of insulin from pancreatic islets remains unknown. Male 4-month-old doxycycline-inducible TAZ knock-down (KD) mice and wild-type littermate controls were used. Immunohistochemistry was used to assess beta-cell morphology in whole pancreas sections, whereas ex vivo insulin secretion, CL content, RNA-sequencing analysis, and mitochondrial oxygen consumption were measured from isolated islet preparations. Ex vivo insulin secretion under nonstimulatory low-glucose concentrations was reduced similar to 52% from islets isolated from TAZ KD mice. Mitochondrial oxygen consumption under low-glucose conditions was also reduced similar to 58% in islets from TAZ KD animals.TAZ deficiency in pancreatic islets was associated with significant alteration in CL molecular species and elevated polyunsaturated fatty acid CL content. In addition, RNA-sequencing of isolated islets showed that TAZ KD increased expression of extracellular matrix genes, which are linked to pancreatic fibrosis, activated stellate cells, and impaired beta-cell function.These data indicate a novel role for TAZ in regulating pancreatic islet function, particularly under low-glucose conditions.
<i>In Vitro</i> Rumen Fermentation Characteristics and Fatty Acid Profiles Added with Calcium Soap of Canola/Flaxseed Oil; This research aimed to assess the effect of adding canola oil and flaxseed oil which were protected with calcium soap (Ca-soap) on the fermentation characteristics, rumen microbial population, and the profile of fatty acids in the rumen during 4 and 8 hours in the in vitro fermentation. The research design used in this study was a completely randomized block design with 3 treatments and 4 replications. The treatments consisted of control ration (Napier grass and concentrate at the ratio of 60 : 40), control + 6% of Ca-soap of canola oil, and control + 6% of Ca-soap of flaxseed oil. Variables observed were pH value, NH3 concentration, volatile fatty acid (VFA), dry matter and organic matter digestibility, and fatty acid profile. The results showed that the addition of Ca-soap of canola or flaxseed oil did not affect the pH value, NH3 concentration, dry matter digestibility, organic matter digestibility, total population of bacteria and protozoa in the rumen. However, the total production of ruminal VFA was increased (P<0.05) with the addition of Ca soap of canola oil/flaxseed oil. The use of Ca-soap of flaxseed oil increased (P<0.05) the content of unsaturated fatty acids in the rumen at 4 h incubation. The addition of Ca-soap of flaxseed oil resulted the lowest (P<0.05) level of unsaturated fatty acids biohydrogenation compared to the other treatments at 4 h incubation. In conclusion, the addition of Ca soap of canola/flaxseed oil could improve VFA total production. Vegetable oils protected using calcium soap could inhibit unsaturated fatty acid biohidrogenation by rumen microbes. Ca-soap of flaxseed oil could survive from rumen biohydrogenation in the rumen better than Ca-soap of canola oil.
A Close Look at Echium amoenum Processing, Neuroactive Components, and Effects on Neuropsychiatric Disorders; Pharmacological researches in the area of herbal medicine have considerably increased over the last two centuries. Echium amoenum (known as Gol-e-Gavzaban in Persian) is a medicinal plant that has been widely used in Iranian folk medicine. In this review, databases including PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched up. Data collecting was completed by January 2019 and available scientific reports regarding the processing methods, main chemical constituents, and effects of E. amoenum on different neuropsychiatric disorders are summarized. Thirteen five studies met the inclusion criteria. According to results, the important phytochemicals of the plant was phenolic compounds, fatty acids, rosmarinic acid, anthocyanidins, and flavonoids. Also, experimental and clinical studies demonstrated the effectiveness of E. amoenum in the treatment of several neuropsychiatric disorders such as anxiety, depression, ischemic stroke, seizure, Alzheimer's disease, and pain. Many of these effects are, at least in part, due to its rosmarinic acid or polyphenolic compounds such as flavonoids and natural pigments such as anthocyanins. Also, fatty acids such as gamma-linolenic acid play critical role in neuroactive properties of this herb. Among these effects, only the antidepressant and anxiolytic properties of the plant extract have been examined both experimentally and clinically. There was some controversy over its toxicity effects. It seems that E. amoenum protects neurons via attenuation of oxidative stress and inflammation as well as blocking of apoptosis in the nervous system. However, more studies are necessary for assessing exact mechanisms of action in neuropsychiatric disorders, finding of bioactive ingredients, and processing methods of this plant.
Influence of flaxseed of two varieties, differing in fatty acid profile, in dairy cow diets on selected blood indices and reproduction; The aim of the investigation was to determine the influence of flaxseed of two varieties, differing in their fat composition, on blood indices of cows in the transition period and on their reproductive parameters. Fifty-six multiparous Polish Holstein-Friesian cows were allocated into 3 groups: one control and two experimental (H-ALA and L-ALA). Cows of all groups were fed the same basal diet given in a mix form, and the diets of the experimental groups were enriched with an additive of flaxseed (mixed with concentrate), of either a traditional variety (Szafir, rich in a-linolenic acid, H-ALA group) or a modified variety (Amon, poor in a-linolenic acid but rich in linoleic acid, L-ALA group) given in the amounts of 3% and 6% of diet dry matter (DM) during 6 wks prior to the calving and during 17 wks of lactation, respectively. Blood plasma samples, collected 4 times, were analyzed for the contents of glucose (GLU), urea, total protein (TP), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), P-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA), total cholesterol (CHOL), triacylglycerols (TG), HDL cholesterol fraction, and plasma fatty acid (FA) profile. Reproductive parameters of cows were determined as well. Flaxseed of both varieties did not have any significant influence on the GLU or TG contents in blood plasma. Both the BHBA and NEFA contents in all treatments were much below the undesirable levels and flaxseed supplement decreased additionally (p <= 0.05) the NEFA concentration in plasma in the 2nd wk after calving, with the stronger impact of the traditional flax (decrease by 37% compared with the control cows), which may point to lower adipose tissue mobilization in these animals. The flaxseed additive increased (p <= 0.05) the plasma CHOL content, especially in the case of the modified flax variety. The traditional variety of flax increased (p <= 0.05) the blood plasma level of a-linolenic acid (ALA), which is recognized as a component inhibiting PGF2 alpha secretion, thus decreasing embryonic mortality in the first weeks after insemination. However, we did not note any significant improvement in the reproductive indices of cows fed seeds of this flax variety. The results suggest that diets enriched with flaxseed of the traditional variety (rich in ALA) in the amount of 6% of diet DM in early lactation increase the blood plasma level of this FA without causing a considerable improvement in cows' reproductive parameters.
Diet fatty acid profile, membrane composition and lifespan: An experimental study using the blowfly (<i>Calliphora stygia</i>); The membrane pacemaker theory of ageing proposes that the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition of membrane lipids of a species is an important determinant of its maximum lifespan. We report three experiments using the blowfly Calliphora stygia, where this theory was tested by manipulation of dietary fat profile. Although the fat profile of the larval diet resulted in small alterations of individual membrane fatty acids, it had no effect on the peroxidation index (PI) of membrane lipids and furthermore had no effect on maximum lifespan. Similarly, manipulation of the fat profile of the adult diet resulted in small changes in individual fatty acids, but had no effect on the PI of membrane lipids. There was a small increase in maximum lifespan when adult diet was supplemented with PUPA in form of vegetable oils but no effect when diet was supplemented with pure PUFA. This difference is possibly due to antioxidant content of vegetable oils. The relative refractoriness of membrane PI to dramatic changes in response to diet is similar to the situation in the rat. These results also indicate the blowfly is unable to convert 18-carbon PUFA to more highly polyunsaturated 20- and 22-carbon PUFA. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fish Oil-Based Lipid Emulsions in the Treatment of Parenteral Nutrition-Associated Liver Disease: An Ongoing Positive Experience; We previously reported the beneficial effect of fish oil-based lipid emulsions (FOLEs) as monotherapy in the treatment of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease (PNALD). In this report, we share our ongoing experience at Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, Texas in the use of FOLE in treatment of PNALD as presented at the 2013 Experimental Biology meeting. We describe the findings of a single center, prospective, observational study of infants <6 mo of age with PNALD who received parenteral FOLE as monotherapy. A total of 97 infants received FOLE under the compassionate-use protocol for the treatment of PNALD. Eighty-three (86%) survived with resolution of cholestasis and 14(14%) died. The median conjugated bilirubin (CB) concentration at the initiation of FOLE therapy was 4.8 mg/dL (range 2.1-26). The median time to resolution of cholestasis was 40 d (range 3-158). Compared with infants with mild cholestasis (CB of 2.1-5 mg/dL at the initiation of FOLE), nonsurvivors were significantly more premature and took longer to resolve their cholestasis. Gestational age at birth correlated inversely with CB at the beginning of FOLE and peak CB. Infants with an initial CB > 10 mg/dL had a higher mortality rate than infants with an initial CB <5 mg/dL (35% vs. 6%; P < 0.05). Our experience with the use of FOLE in PNALD continues to be encouraging. Prematurity continues to be a major determinant in mortality and severity of cholestasis. This calls for further controlled studies designed to optimize dose and timing of intervention in the use of FOLE in neonates.
Health measures of <i>Eeyouch</i> (Cree) who are eligible to participate in the on-the-land Income Security Program in <i>Eeyou Istchee</i> (northern Quebec, Canada); BackgroundParticipation in on-the-land programs that encourage traditional cultural activities may improve health and well-being. The Income Security Program (ISP)-a financial incentive-based on-the-land program - for Eeyouch (Cree) hunters and trappers in Eeyou Istchee was created as a result of the 1975 James Bay and Northern Quebec Agreement to help mitigate the effects of hydroelectric development on the Cree people of northern Quebec, Canada. Beyond the ISP's financial incentives, little is known about the health measures of those who are eligible to participate in the ISP (i.e. spent >= 120days on-the-land during the previous year). Therefore, this paper's objective was to assess the health measures of northern Quebec Cree, who were eligible for participation in the ISP.MethodsUsing participant data (n=545) compiled from the Nituuchischaayihtitaau Aschii Multi-Community Environment-and-Health Study, we assessed 13 different health measures in generalized linear models with the independent variable being the eligibility to participate in the ISP.ResultsParticipants in the present study who were eligible for the ISP had significantly higher levels of vigorous and moderate activity per week, and higher concentrations of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the blood compared to those ineligible for the ISP (i.e. spent <= 119days on-the-land during the previous year). Encouragingly, following model adjustment for age and sex, participants eligible for the ISP did not have higher blood concentrations of mercury than those who were not eligible for the ISP.ConclusionsOur results suggest that the participants eligible for participation in the ISP are likely to be healthier than those who are ineligible to participate - and are promising for on-the-land programs for Indigenous peoples beyond a financial incentive - with no apparent higher risk of increasing contaminant body burden through traditional on-the-land-activities (e.g. fish consumption).
Extensive Gene Acquisition in the Extremely Psychrophilic Bacterial Species <i>Psychroflexus torquis</i> and the Link to Sea-Ice Ecosystem Specialism; Sea ice is a highly dynamic and productive environment that includes a diverse array of psychrophilic prokaryotic and eukaryotic taxa distinct from the underlying water column. Because sea ice has only been extensive on Earth since the mid-Eocene, it has been hypothesized that bacteria highly adapted to inhabit sea ice have traits that have been acquired through horizontal gene transfer (HGT). Here we compared the genomes of the psychrophilic bacterium Psychroflexus torquis ATCC 700755(T), associated with both Antarctic and Arctic sea ice, and its closely related nonpsychrophilic sister species, P. gondwanensis ACAM 44(T). Results show that HGT has occurred much more extensively in P. torquis in comparison to P. gondwanensis. Genetic features that can be linked to the psychrophilic and sea ice-specific lifestyle of P. torquis include genes for exopolysaccharide (EPS) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biosynthesis, numerous specific modes of nutrient acquisition, and proteins putatively associated with ice-binding, light-sensing (bacteriophytochromes), and programmed cell death (metacaspases). Proteomic analysis showed that several genes associated with these traits are highly translated, especially those involved with EPS and PUFA production. Because most of the genes relating to the ability of P. torquis to dwell in sea-ice ecosystems occur on genomic islands that are absent in closely related P. gondwanensis, its adaptation to the sea-ice environment appears driven mainly by HGT. The genomic islands are rich in pseudogenes, insertional elements, and addiction modules, suggesting that gene acquisition is being followed by a process of genome reduction potentially indicative of evolving ecosystem specialism.
DIETARY-FAT AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF PANCREATIC-CANCER; Pancreatic cancer is the fifth most common cause of death due to cancer. Except for an association with cigarette smoking, its etiology is poorly understood. Because of the dearth of epidemiological clues as to causation, studies with experimental animal models assume greater importance. Rodent models of pancreatic cancer indicate that while dietary fat per se does not cause pancreatic cancer, it does enhance or promote tumor development. Subsequent to treatment with a pancreatic carcinogen, high intakes of dietary unsaturated fats of the n-6 series, but not saturated fats, enhance or promote tumor development. A requisite level of linoleic acid is needed for this promotion. Fats of the n-3 series (eg., certain fish oils) are inhibitory to tumor growth. Promotion by dietary fats appears only partly related to the high caloric content of fat. Mechanistically, certain dietary unsaturated fats appear to selectively enhance the growth rate of carcinogen-induced, pre-cancerous lesions. Irrespective of precise understanding of mechanisms of promotion, it appears possible to intervene in the process of cancer development and reduce the burden of cancer. Experimentally, this may be accomplished by decreasing total fat intake, decreasing caloric intake, increasing exercise or increasing the intake of n-3 fatty acids.
Insulin resistance by TNF-α is associated with mitochondrial dysfunction in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and is ameliorated by punicic acid, a PPARγ agonist; Punicic acid (PA), a poly unsaturated fatty acid found abundantly in pomegranate seed oil is reported to have PPAR gamma agonist property. TNF-alpha mediated insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetes and is associated with severe mitochondrial impairment. In this study, PA was evaluated for its ability to ameliorate TNF-alpha induced mitochondrial dysfunctions in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. For this, we examined the alterations in mitochondrial energetics, biogenesis, transmembrane potential and dynamics in TNF-alpha induced insulin resistant model of 3T3-L1 adipocytes. PA improved glucose uptake, ROS accumulation, mitochondrial biogenesis and energetics in TNF-alpha treated cells. In addition, treatment with PA was found to ameliorate TNF-alpha induced alterations in proteins associated with mitochondrial dynamics like FIS1 and OPA1. These findings suggest that PA can be considered as an active lead for the management of insulin resistance and associated mitochondrial dysfunctions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fragility of cardiovascular outcome trials (CVOTs) examining nutrition interventions among patients with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Purpose There is controversy regarding the optimal statistical method to interpret how robust is a statistically significant result. The fragility index (FI) and the reverse fragility index (RFI) are quantitative measures that can facilitate the appraisal of a clinical trial's robustness. This study was performed to evaluate the FI and RFI of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining nutritional interventions in patients with diabetes mellitus, focusing on cardiovascular outcomes. Methods A systematic search was conducted and relevant RCTs were identified in three databases. RCTs examining nutritional interventions (supplements or dietary patterns) in patients with DM with dichotomous primary endpoints involving cardiovascular outcomes were eligible. Data were extracted to compose 2 x 2 event tables and the FI and RFI were calculated for each comparison, using Fisher's exact test. Risk of bias (RoB) of the included RCTs was assessed with the Cochrane RoB 2.0 tool. Results A total of 14,315 records were screened and 10 RCTs were included in the analyses. The median FI of the paired comparisons was 3 (IQR: 2-4) and the median RFI was 8 (IQR: 4.5-17). RoB and heterogeneity were low. Conclusions RCTs examining nutritional interventions and cardiovascular outcomes among patients with diabetes mellitus appear to be statistically fragile. tau he FI and the RFI can be reported and interpreted as an additional perspective of a trial's robustness.
Cardiovascular diseases and red meat; Lean Australian red meat cuts are low in fat and have a ratio of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids (SFA) to cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) to cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of around 24:40:14. This is less cholesterol-raising than was earlier estimated, because cuts are now leaner and part of the SFA is stearic acid (that does not raise plasma cholesterol). and there are several other (cholesterol-lowering) PUFA as well as linoleic acid present. Low-fat, predominantly monounsaturated lean meat cuts have been shown to be acceptable in cholesterol-lowering diets. This does not mean that meat eaten with the fat on will not raise plasma cholesterol.
The Implications of Zinc Therapy in Combating the COVID-19 Global Pandemic; The global pandemic from COVID-19 infection has generated significant public health concerns, both health-wise and economically. There is no specific pharmacological antiviral therapeutic option to date available for COVID-19 management. Also, there is an urgent need to discover effective medicines, prevention, and control methods because of the harsh death toll from this novel coronavirus infection. Acute respiratory tract infections, significantly lower respiratory tract infections, and pneumonia are the primary cause of millions of deaths worldwide. The role of micronutrients, including trace elements, boosted the human immune system and was well established. Several vitamins such as vitamin A, B6, B12, C, D, E, and folate; microelement including zinc, iron, selenium, magnesium, and copper; omega-3 fatty acids as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid plays essential physiological roles in promoting the immune system. Furthermore, zinc is an indispensable microelement essential for a thorough enzymatic physiological process. It also helps regulate gene-transcription such as DNA replication, RNA transcription, cell division, and cell activation in the human biological system. Subsequently, zinc, together with natural scavenger cells and neutrophils, are also involved in developing cells responsible for regulating nonspecific immunity. The modern food habit often promotes zinc deficiency; as such, quite a few COVID-19 patients presented to hospitals were frequently diagnosed as zinc deficient. Earlier studies documented that zinc deficiency predisposes patients to a viral infection such as herpes simplex, common cold, hepatitis C, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-1), the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) because of reducing antiviral immunity. This manuscript aimed to discuss the various roles played by zinc in the management of COVID-19 infection.
Alternative medicine in atrial fibrillation treatment-Yoga, acupuncture, biofeedback and more; The last decade has seen a significant improvement in the management of atrial fibrillation (AF) with the development of newer medications and improvement in catheter ablation techniques. Recurrence of AF remains a significant problem in these patients and medications offer limited supportive role. Complementary and alternative treatment strategies therefore remain a viable option for these AF patients. Several studies have shown improvement in AF symptoms with yoga therapy, acupuncture and biofeedback. There are also several herbal medicine and supplements such as omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins, barberry, motherwort, cinchona, Shensongyangxin, hawthorn, Kella and Wenxin Keli that have been evaluated as potential therapeutic options in AF. These studies are however limited by small sample sizes with mixed results. Besides the pharmacological action, metabolism, interactions with other medications and the adverse effects of the herbal medications and supplements remain poorly understood. In spite of the above limitations, complementary therapies remain a promising option in the management of AF and further studies are necessary to validate their safety and efficacy.
Comprehensive Insight into Colorectal Cancer Metabolites and Lipids for Human Serum: A Proof-of-Concept Study; Colorectal cancer (CRC) ranks as the third most frequently diagnosed cancer and the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths. The current endoscopic-based or stool-based diagnostic techniques are either highly invasive or lack sufficient sensitivity. Thus, there is a need for less invasive and more sensitive screening approaches. We, therefore, conducted a study on 64 human serum samples representing three different groups (adenocarcinoma, adenoma, and control) using cuttingedge GC x GC-LR/HR-TOFMS (comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography coupled with low/high-resolution time-of-flight mass spectrometry). We analyzed samples with two different specifically tailored sample preparation approaches for lipidomics (fatty acids) (25 mu L serum) and metabolomics (50 mu L serum). In-depth chemometric screening with supervised and unsupervised approaches and metabolic pathway analysis were applied to both datasets. A lipidomics study revealed that specific PUFA (omega-3) molecules are inversely associated with increased odds of CRC, while some PUFA (omega-6) analytes show a positive correlation. The metabolomics approach revealed downregulation of amino acids (alanine, glutamate, methionine, threonine, tyrosine, and valine) and myo-inositol in CRC, while 3-hydroxybutyrate levels were increased. This unique study provides comprehensive insight into molecular-level changes associated with CRC and allows for a comparison of the efficiency of two different analytical approaches for CRC screening using same serum samples and single instrumentation.
Beneficial Effects of Polyphenol-Rich Food Oils in Cardiovascular Health and Disease; A variety of vegetable and fruit derived food oils are considered beneficial for human health due to their content of functional components including their positive effects in cardiovascular system. In addition to the favorable ratio of unsaturated versus saturated fatty acids, some of these oils include also other health beneficial compounds such as vitamins, minerals, pigments, enzymes and phenolic compounds. Particularly polyphenols have been documented to exert numerous positive effects in cardiovascular system including their anti-hypertensive, anti-atherogenic as well as cardio- and vasculo- protective effects in subjects suffering from various cardiovascular and cardiometabolic diseases, likely via their antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-coagulant, anti-proliferative and anti-diabetic properties. However, it has not been proven so far whether the positive cardiovascular effects of polyphenol-rich food oils are, and to what measure, attributed to their phenolic content. Thus, the current review aims to summarize the main cardiovascular effects of major polyphenolrich food oils including olive, flaxseed, soybean, sesame and coconut oils, and to uncover the role of their phenolic compounds in these effects.
In silico design of a new Podophyllotoxin derivative with potent anti-tubulin activity; Nowadays, there is an increasing focus on cancer as a major cause of death. Therefore, comprehending the chemical reactivity, geometric and electronic structures of inhibitors can aid in the development of better quality and more efficient drugs. In this study, we propose a hybrid compound of Podophyllotoxin (PPT) and vitamin C (VC) as an anti-cancer agent. The PPT and its derivatives are well-known for their anti-tubulin properties. The geometry optimisation and calculation of global chemical reactivity indices (mu = -3.836 eV, eta = 2.402 eV, S = 0.416 eV, and omega = 3.061 eV) were performed using the M06/6-311++G (d, p) level of theory. The global reactivity descriptors predict that the PPT-VC compound has more nucleophilic properties compared to Etoposide and Teniposide compounds. Furthermore, the PPT-VC compound exhibits a lower HOMOPPT-VC-LUMOSWCNT gap and a higher adsorption energy (-37.4 kJ mol(-1)) in the encapsulation process than other derivatives into SWCNT, providing additional evidence of its nucleophilic nature as an effective anti-tubulin agent. Therefore, the PPT-VC@SWCNT compound can be considered a reliable drug delivery system (DDS). Molecular docking analysis reveals that the best cavity of tubulin has an interaction energy of -102.1 kJ mol(-1), involving both bonding and non-bonding interactions.
Fatty acid profile of milk; Quality, processing ability and sensory properties of milk are highly correlated with content and composition of milk fat. Biologically active lipid substances are primarily saturated fatty acids (SFAs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs; linoleic acid; C18:2 n-6) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; a-linolenic acid; C18:3 n-3). PUFAs with 20C, mainly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C20:5 n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; SC22:6 n3), are precursors of eicosanoids, which regulate various physiological processes. Fatty acid composition depends on many different factors, such as animal species, breed, season, lactation stage, geographical location, and diet. Goat and sheep milk are rich in the medium chain fatty acids, caproic (C6:0), caprylic (C8:0) and capric (C10:0), which is the reason for the specific aroma of those kinds of milk. Goat and sheep milk have more conjugated linoleic acid, and usually lower n-6/n-3 ratios, with higher amounts of a-linolenic acid, compared to cow milk. Compared to goat and cow milk, sheep milk has the lowest amounts of lauric (C12:0), myristic (C14:0) and palmitic (C16:0) acids i.e. fatty acids associated with negative effects on human health. The addition of forage, especially fresh grass, to dairy animal diets enhances the proportion of unsaturated fatty acids in milk fat compared to SFAs and increases the amount of conjugated linoleic acid.
The role of nutritional interventions in the longevity and maintenance of long-term health in underway; Ninety cats were assigned to a study to determine the effects of a blend of nutritional supplements including antioxidants, a prebiotic, and a blend of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids on longevity and quality of life in senior cats. Cats between the ages of 7 and 17 years were blocked to I of 3 groups by age, body condition, and gender and fed their assigned diets for their remaining lifetime. On average, cats eating the diet containing the nutritional blend lived significantly longer and showed significantly slower deterioration in a number of clinical health parameters compared to cats fed a standard adult maintenance control diet. Hematological measurements, body weight, lean body mass, skin thickness, and activity levels also were correlated to survival. Nutritional enhancements to the diet of senior cats can improve both length and quality of life.
Effects of a fish oil containing lipid emulsion on plasma phospholipid fatty acids, inflammatory markers, and clinical outcomes in septic patients: a randomized, controlled clinical trial; Introduction: The effect of parenteral fish oil in septic patients is not widely studied. This study investigated the effects of parenteral fish oil on plasma phospholipid fatty acids, inflammatory mediators, and clinical outcomes.
<i>In Vitro</i> Antitumor Properties of an Isolate from Leaves of <i>Cassia alata</i> L; Leaf extracts of Cassia alata L (akapulko), traditionally used for treatment of a variety of diseases, were evaluated for their potential antitumor properties in vitro. MTT assays were used to examine the cytotoxic effects of crude extracts on five human cancer cell lines, namely MCF-7, derived from a breast carcinoma, SK-BR-3, another breast carcinoma, T24 a bladder carcinoma, Col 2, a colorectal carcinoma, and A549, a non-small cell lung adenocarcinoma. Hexane extracts showed remarkable cytotoxicity against MCF-7, T24, and Col 2 in a dose-dependent manner. This observation was confirmed by morphological investigation using light microscopy. Further bioassay-directed fractionation of the cytotoxic extract led to the isolation of a TLC-pure isolate labeled as f6l. Isolate f6l was further evaluated using MTT assay and morphological and biochemical investigations, which likewise showed selectivity to MCF-7, T24, and Col 2 cells with IC50 values of 16, 17, and 17 mu g/ml, respectively. Isolate f6l, however, showed no cytotoxicity towards the non-cancer Chinese hamster ovarian cell line (CHO-AA8). Cytochemical investigation using DAPI staining and biochemical investigation using terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL)-a method used to detect DNA fragmentation-together with caspase assay, demonstrated apoptotic cell death. Spectral characterization of isolate f6l revealed that it contained polyunsaturated fatty acid esters. Considering the cytotoxicity profile and its mode of action, f6l might represent a new promising compound with potential for development as an anticancer drug with low or no toxicity to non-cancer cells used in this study.
Chia seeds products: an overview; Chia, Salvia hispanica L., is a medicinal and dietary plant species used since ancient times by Mayan and Aztec. Its product is a dry indehiscent fruit which is commonly called seed. In recent times, there was an increasing attention and diffusion of the seeds of the plant for their health benefits and uses in cooking. In fact, seeds are a rich source of nutrients first of all the polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids that protect from inflammation, enhance cognitive performance and reduce the level of cholesterol. Seeds are also rich in polyphenols derived from caffeic acid that are antioxidant compounds protecting the body from free radicals, aging and cancer. In addition, carbohydrate based fibers, present at high concentration levels, are associated with reducing inflammation, lowering cholesterol and regulating bowel function. This review summarizes the current knowledge on the phytochemistry and pharmacological properties of the seeds of this plant, with special emphasis on the nutritional, and phytochemical analysis of the plant, including the recently developed metabolomic studies.
Poly(rC)-binding protein 1 represses ferritinophagy-mediated ferroptosis in head and neck cancer; A cytosolic iron chaperone poly(rC)-binding protein 1 (PCBP1) is a multifunctional RNA-binding protein involving gene transcription, RNA regulation, and iron loading to ferritins. PCBP1 is also known to repress autophagy, but the role of PCBP1 in ferritinophagy and ferroptosis remains unrevealed. Therefore, we examined the role of PCBP1 in ferritinophagy-mediated ferroptosis in head and neck cancer (HNC) cells. The effects of system xc- cystine/glutamate antiporter (xCT) inhibitors and PCBP1 gene silencing/overexpression were tested on HNC cell lines and mouse tumor xenograft models. These effects were analyzed by assessing cell viability and death, lipid reactive oxygen species and iron production, lipid, malondialdehyde, mRNA/protein expression, and autophagy flux assays. Interaction between PCBP1 and BECN1 mRNA was also examined by luciferase and RNA protein pull-down assays. PCBP1 gene silencing increased autophagosome generation and autophagic flux. Conversely, PCBP1 upregulation inhibited autophagy activation via direct binding to the CU-rich elements on the 3 & PRIME;-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of BECN1 mRNA. The internal deletion or mutation of the 3'-UTR F2 region recovered BECN1 mRNA stability repressed by PCBP1, resulting in enhanced ferritinophagy-mediated ferroptosis. Besides, PCBP1 knockdown promoted polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation by increasing ALOX15 expression. Further, excess iron accumulation caused mitochondrial dysfunction in PCBP1-suppressed cells. A ferroptosis inducer sulfasalazine significantly suppressed tumor growth in mice with the transplantation of PCBP1-silenced HNC. Our data suggest that the dual functions of PCBP1 repressing BECN1 and ALOX15 mRNAs contribute to attenuating cancer susceptibility to ferroptosis inducers.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Reverted the All-<i>trans</i>Retinoic Acid-Induced Cellular Proliferation of T24 Bladder Cancer Cell Line; The treatment of solid cancers with pharmacological all-transretinoic acid (ATRA) concentrations, even if it is a gold standard therapy for the acute promyelocytic leukaemia (APL), is not always effective due to some resistance mechanisms. Here the resistance to ATRA treatment of T24 cell line, bladder cancer, was investigated. T24 was not only resistant to cell death when treated at concentrations up to 20 mu M of ATRA, but it was also able to stimulate the cellular proliferation. An over-expression of the fatty acid binding protein 5 (FABP5) in conjunction with the cellular retinol-binding protein-II (CRABP-II) down-expression was found. However, the direct inhibition of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor beta/delta (PPAR beta/delta) did not abolish T24 proliferation, but rather potentiated it. Moreover, considering the ability of the long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) to displace ATRA from FABP5, the actions of the saturated palmitic acid (PA), unsaturated omega-6 linoleic acid (LA) and omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were evaluated to counteract ATRA-related proliferation. ATRA-PA co-treatment induces cellular growth inhibition, while ATRA-LA co-treatment induces cellular growth enhancement. However, even if DHA is unsaturated LCFA as LA, it was able to reverse the ATRA-induced cellular proliferation of T24, bringing the viability percentages at the levels of the control.
Downregulation of vascular endothelial growth factor and induction of tumor dormancy by 15-lipoxygenase-2 in prostate cancer; The enzyme 15-lipoxygenase-2 (15-LOX-2) utilizes arachidonic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, to synthesize 15(S)-hydroxycosatetraenoic acid. Abundantly expressed in normal prostate epithelium but frequently suppressed in the cancerous tissues, 15-LOX-2 has been suggested as a functional suppressor of prostate cancer, but the mechanism(s) involved remains unknown. To study the functional role of 15-LOX-2 in prostate cancer, we expressed 15-LOX-2 as a fusion protein with GFP in DU145 and PC-3 cells and found that 15-LOX-2 increased cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase. When injected into athymic nu/nu mice, prostate cancer cells with 15-LOX-2 expression could still form palpable tumors without significant changes in tumorigenicity. But, the tumors with 15-LOX-2 expression grew significantly slower than those derived from vector controls and were kept dormant for a long period of time. Histological evaluation revealed an increase in cell death in tumors derived from prostate cancer cells with 15-LOX-2 expression, while in vitro cell culture conditions, no such increase in apoptosis was observed. Further studies found that the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A) was significantly reduced in prostate cancer cells with 15-LOX-2 expression restored. Our studies suggest that 15-LOX-2 suppresses VEGF gene expression and sustains tumor dormancy in prostate cancer. Loss of 15-LOX-2 functionalities, therefore, represents a key step for prostate cancer cells to exit from dormancy and embark on malignant progression its vivo. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Mangiferin alleviated poststroke cognitive impairment by modulating lipid metabolism in cerebral ischemia/reperfusion rats; Introduction: Mangiferin is a Chinese herbal extract with multiple biological activities. Mangiferin can penetrate the blood-brain barrier and has potential in the treatment of nervous system diseases. These findings suggest that mangiferin protects the neurological function in ischemic stroke rats by targeting multiple signaling pathways. However, little is known about the effect and mechanism of mangiferin in alleviating poststroke cognitive impairment. Methods: Cerebral ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) rats were generated via middle cerebral artery occlusion. Laser speckle imaging was used to monitor the cerebral blood flow. The I/R rats were intraperitoneally (i.p.) injected with 40 mg/kg mangiferin for 7 consecutive days. Neurological scoring, and TTC staining were performed to evaluate neurological function. Behavioral experiments, including the open field test, elevated plus maze, sucrose preference test, and novel object recognition test, were performed to evaluate cognitive function. Metabolomic data from brain tissue with multivariate statistics were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Results: Mangiferin markedly decreased neurological scores, and reduced infarct areas. Mangiferin significantly attenuated anxiety-like and depression -like behaviors and enhanced learning and memory in I/R rats. According to the metabolomics results, 13 metabolites were identified to be potentially regulated by mangiferin, and the differentially abundant metabolites were mainly involved in lipid metabolism. Conclusions: Mangiferin protected neurological function and relieved poststroke cognitive impairment by improving lipid metabolism abnormalities in I/R rats.
Intrinsic alterations in peripheral neutrophils from cystic fibrosis newborn piglets; Background: The hallmark of the cystic fibrosis (CF) lung disease is a neutrophil dominated lung environment that is associated to chronic lung tissue destruction and ultimately the patient's death. It is unclear whether the exacerbated neutrophil response is primary related to a defective CFTR or rather secondary to chronic bacterial colonization and inflammation. Here, we hypothesized that CF peripheral blood neutrophils present intrinsic alteration at birth before the start of an inflammatory process.
A large randomized individual and group intervention conducted by registered dietitians increased adherence to Mediterranean-type diets:: The PREDIMED study; Objective To assess the effectiveness of an intervention aimed to increase adherence to a Mediterranean diet.
Plasma Phospholipid Fatty Acid Biomarkers of Dietary Fat Quality and Endogenous Metabolism Predict Coronary Heart Disease Risk: A Nested Case-Control Study Within the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study; Background-Although the relationship between dietary fat quality and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk has been evaluated, typically using diet questionnaires, results are inconsistent and data in postmenopausal women are limited. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid (PL-FA) profiles, reflecting dietary intake and endogenous FA metabolism, may better predict diet-CHD risk.
The m6A eraser FTO suppresses ferroptosis via mediating ACSL4 in LPS-induced macrophage inflammation; Acute lung injury (ALI) is a serious disorder characterized by the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines and cascade activation of macrophages. Ferroptosis, a form of iron-dependent cell death triggered by intracellular phospholipid peroxidation, has been implicated as an internal mechanism underlying ALI. In this study, we investigated the effects of m6A demethylase fat mass and obesity-associated protein (FTO) on the inhibition of macrophage ferroptosis in ALI. Using a mouse model of lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced ALI, we observed the induction of ferroptosis and its co-localization with the macrophage marker F4/80, suggesting that ferroptosis might be induced in macrophages. Ferroptosis was promoted during LPS-induced inflammation in macrophages in vitro, and the inflammation was counteracted by the ferroptosis inhibitor ferrostatin-1 (fer-1). Given that FTO showed lower expression levels in the lung tissue of mice with ALI and inflammatory macrophages, we further dissected the regulatory capacity of FTO in ferroptosis. The results demonstrated that FTO alleviated macrophage inflammation by inhibiting ferroptosis. Mechanistically, FTO decreased the stability of ACSL4 mRNA via YTHDF1, subsequently inhibiting ferroptosis and inflammation by interrupting polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption. Moreover, FTO downregulated the synthesis and secretion of prostaglandin E2, thereby reducing ferroptosis and inflammation. In vivo, the FTO inhibitor FB23-2 aggravated lung injury, the inflammatory response, and ferroptosis in mice with ALI; however, fer-1 therapy mitigated these effects. Overall, our findings revealed that FTO may function as an inhibitor of the inflammatory response driven by ferroptosis, emphasizing its potential as a target for ALI treatment.
INCREASING THE THERMOSENSITIVITY OF A MAMMARY-TUMOR (CA755) THROUGH DIETARY MODIFICATION; Disruption of the integrity of tumor cellular membranes has been proposed as an initiating event in hyperthermic cell death. Thermosensitivity measured by the shift in the harmonic mean of tumor regrowth delay of CA755 mammary adenocarcinomas grown in the hind legs of male BDF1 mice increased 22% when the hosts were fed a diet enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids. Although the diet elicited the anticipated increase in tumor membrane phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acids, the proportion of total unsaturated fatty acids decreased and the proportion of membrane-rigidifying saturated fatty acids increased. Concomitantly, the concentrations of cholesterol and phospholipid phosphorus increased and the ratio of phosphatidylethanolamine to phosphatidylcholine decreased, presumably to counter the effect of the change in the fatty acid pattern. In host liver membranes, the diet-mediated increase in proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids was not accompanied by an increase in the  proportion of rigidifying saturated fatty acids. Instead, the homeoviscous adaptation consisted of decreases in monounsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol concentration and an increase in the phosphatidylethanolamine-phosphatidylcholine ratio. Addition of a natural inhibitor of cholesterol biosynthesis to the polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched-diet reversed the diet-mediated increase in the phosphatidylethanolamine-phosphatidylcholine ratio of host liver membranes. Tumor membrane lipids from hosts fed the combined dietary factors were characterized by the forementioned rigidifying increase in saturated fatty acids and compensatory decrease in the phosphatidylethanolamine-phosphatidylcholine ratio. The inhibitor reversed the compensatory increases in cholesterol and phospholipid phosphorus concentrations. As a consequence the thermosensitivity of tumors bearing this perturbed membrane was increased.
Oxylipins in triglyceride-rich lipoproteins of dyslipidemic subjects promote endothelial inflammation following a high fat meal; Elevated trig lyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) in circulation is a risk factor for atherosclerosis. TGRL from subjects consuming a high saturated fat test meal elicited a variable inflammatory response in TNF alpha-stimulated endothelial cells (EC) that correlated strongly with the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) content. This study investigates how the relative abundance of oxygenated metabolites of PUFA, oxylipins, is altered in TGRL postprandially, and how these changes promote endothelial inflammation. Human aortic EC were stimulated with TNF alpha and treated with TGRL, isolated from subjects' plasma at fasting and 3.5 hrs postprandial to a test meal high in saturated fat. Endothelial VCAM-1 surface expression stimulated by TNF alpha provided a readout for atherogenic inflammation. Concentrations of esterified and non-esterified fatty acids and oxylipins in TGRL were quantified by mass spectrometry. Dyslipidemic subjects produced TGRL that increased endothelial VCAM-1 expression by >= 35%, and exhibited impaired fasting lipogenesis activity and a shift in soluble epoxide hydrolase and lipoxygenase activity. Pro-atherogenicTGRL were enriched in eicosapentaenoic acid metabolites and depleted in esterified C18-PUFA-derived diols. Abundance of these metabolites was strongly predictive ofVCAM-1 expression. We conclude the altered metabolism in dyslipidemic subjects produces TGRL with a unique oxylipin signature that promotes a pro-atherogenic endothelial phenotype.
The polyunsaturated fatty acids, EPA and DPA exert a protective effect in the hippocampus of the aged rat; Age is characterized by deficits in synaptic function identified by decreased performance of aged animals in spatial learning tasks and reduced ability of animals to sustain long term potentiation (LTP). Several cellular and molecular events are correlated with these deficits, many of which are indicative of age-related neuroinflammatory and oxidative cell stress. It is significant that agents which decrease microglial activation are commonly associated with restoration of function. We set out to examine whether the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), which is a metabolite of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), could modulate the age-related increase in microglial activation and the associated increase in oxidative changes and therefore impact on synaptic function in aged rats. We demonstrate that docosapentaenoic acid possesses neurorestorative effects and is capable of downregulating microglial activation. The data show that it also decreases the coupled activation of sphingomyelinase and caspase 3, probably because of its ability to decrease age-related oxidative changes, and consequently attenuates the age-related decrease in spatial learning and long-term potentiation. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Platelet lipidome: Dismantling the "Trojan horse" in the bloodstream; The platelet-lipid chapter in the story of atherothrombosis is an old one, recapitulated and revised in many contexts. For decades several stimulating facets have been added to it, both unraveling and increasing the perplexity of platelet-lipid interplay and its pathophysiological consequences. The recent paradigm shift in our perspective has evolved with lipidomic analysis of the intraplatelet compartment and platelet releasate. These investigations have disclosed that platelets are in constant interaction with circulatory lipids, often reflected in their lipid repertoire. In addition, they offer a shielded intracellular space for oxidative lipid metabolism generating "toxic" metabolites that escape degradation by plasma lipases and antioxidant defense, circulate undetected by conventional plasma lipid profile, and deposited at atherosclerotic lesions or thrombus. Lipidomics divulges this silent invader in platelet vehicles, thereby providing potential biomarkers of pathologic manifestations and therapeutic targets to be exploited, which is surmised in this review.
Arachidonic Acid Is a Safe and Efficacious Schistosomicide, and an Endoschistosomicide in Natural and Experimental Infections, and Cysteine Peptidase Vaccinated Hosts; Blood flukes of the genus Schistosoma are covered by a protective heptalaminated, double lipid bilayer surface membrane. Large amounts of sphingomyelin (SM) in the outer leaflet form with surrounding water molecules a tight hydrogen bond barrier, which allows entry of nutrients and prevents access of host immune effectors. Excessive hydrolysis of SM to phosphoryl choline and ceramide via activation of the parasite tegument-associated neutral sphingomyelinase (nSMase) with the polyunsaturated fatty acid, arachidonic acid (ARA) leads to parasite death, via allowing exposure of apical membrane antigens to antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC), and accumulation of the pro-apoptotic ceramide. Surface membrane nSMase represents, thus, a worm Achilles heel, and ARA a valid schistosomicide. Several experiments conducted in vitro using larval, juvenile, and adult Schistosoma mansoni and Schistosoma haematobium documented ARA schistosomicidal potential. Arachidonic acid schistosomicidal action was shown to be safe and efficacious in mice and hamsters infected with S. mansoni and S. haematobium, respectively, and in children with light S. mansoni infection. A combination of praziquantel and ARA led to outstanding cure rates in children with heavy S. mansoni infection. Additionally, ample evidence was obtained for the powerful ARA ovocidal potential in vivo and in vitro against S. mansoni and S. haematobium liver and intestine eggs. Studies documented ARA as an endogenous schistosomicide in the final mammalian and intermediate snail hosts, and in mice and hamsters, immunized with the cysteine peptidase-based vaccine. These findings together support our advocating the nutrient ARA as the safe and efficacious schistosomicide of the future.
Dietary behaviors and attitudes among Norwegian medical students; BackgroundDietary patterns and beliefs are influenced by socioeconomic status, cultural influences, as well as medical advice, social media and marketing. Medical doctors are expected to provide correct, updated and non-biased nutritional advice to their patients, but their own dietary behaviors and attitudes may influence nutritional counselling.MethodsWe have investigated dietary habits and food attitudes among medical students by using an anonymous survey distributed to all students at the Medical Faculty, University of Bergen, Norway. The survey included a 36-item questionnaire covering information about demographics, former and current diet, use of nutritional supplements, tobacco and alcohol, in addition to food attitudes and nutritional knowledge. Descriptive statistics were calculated for each survey item.ResultsOf the 880 students, 394 responded to the survey. Although 90% of the students were omnivores, the majority had a negative attitude towards meat, and considered fish to be healthier than meat. Significantly more women than men reported use of a special diet and excluded meat from their diet, even if they were omnivores. The most frequently used supplement was cod liver oil or omega 3 fatty acids.ConclusionThe medical students' diet and food attitudes not only reflect current health recommendations, but also popular beliefs and marketing in Norway. Curriculum planners should make the students capable of recognizing the influence of social media, marketing and medicine-food industry interactions, to ensure relevant nutrition knowledge for future doctors.
Endothelial Dysfunction in Diabetes Mellitus: New Insights; Endothelial dysfunction (ED) is an important marker of future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, especially in people with diabetes. This article summarizes the evidence on endothelial dysfunction in people with diabetes and adds different perspectives that can affect the presence and severity of ED and its consequences. We highlight that data on ED in type 1 diabetes are lacking and discuss the relationship between ED and arterial stiffness. Several interesting studies have been published showing that ED modulates microRNA, microvesicles, lipid levels, and the endoplasmatic reticulum. A better understanding of ED could provide important insights into the microvascular complications of diabetes, their treatment, and even their prevention.
Seasonal mercury exposure and oxidant-antioxidant status of James!Bay sport fishermen; The effects of a moderate seasonal exposure to methylmercury on plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation and cardiovascular risk indices are not known. The objective of the study was to assess the effects of a seasonal exposure to mercury at similar dose reported to increase cardiovascular risk through fish consumption. Effects on lipoprotein cholesterol and fatty acid profiles, LDL oxidation, and blood oxidant-antioxidant balance were to be assessed in sport fishermen presenting normal blood selenium and omega-3 fatty acid contents. Thirty-one healthy James Bay sport fishermen were assessed for within-subject longitudinal seasonal variations in hair and blood mercury, plasma oxidized LDL, lipophilic antioxidants, homocysteine, blood selenium, and glutathione peroxidase and reductase activities determined before and after the fishing season and compared by matched-pair tests. Hair mercury doubled during the fishing season (2.8 +/- 0.4 mu g/g, P < .0001). Baseline blood selenium, homocysteine, and erythrocyte fatty acid profiles did not change. Plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased (+5%, P = .05), whereas very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and oxidized LDL decreased (-8%, P =.05; -18%, P =.008). Blood glutathione peroxidase (+9.7%, P =.001), glutathione reductase (+7.2%, P <.0001), and total glutathione (+45% P <.0001) increased during the fishing season. Plasma total coenzyme Q10 (+13%, P =.02), ubiquinone-10 (+67%, P =.03), and beta-carotene (+46%, P =.01) also increased, whereas vitamin E status was unaffected. Pairwise correlations revealed no association between mercury exposure and any of the biomarkers investigated. In contrast, strong predictors of cardiovascular risk such as high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, oxidized LDL, and glutathione peroxidase improved during the fishing season despite elevated methylmercury exposure. The beneficial effects of seasonal fishing activity and fish consumption on cardiovascular health may suppress detrimental effects of concomitant moderate methylmercury exposure. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
An update of research evidence on nutrition and prostate cancer; Background: Prostate cancer (PCa) remains a leading cause of mortality in US and other countries. Preclinical and clinical studies have examined the role of nutrition and dietary intake on the incidence and progression of PCa with mixed results.
SEVERE HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA AND PANCREATITIS WHEN ESTROGEN REPLACEMENT THERAPY IS GIVEN TO HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIC WOMEN; Our specific aim was to assess severe hypertriglyceridemia and pancreatitis that occurred when postmenopausal estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) or tamoxifen had been given by their physicians to women with preexisting, usually covert, primary familial hypertriglyceridemia. We retrospectively studied 31 women referred for diagnosis and therapy of hypertriglyceridemia over 2.75 years whose initial visit fasting plasma triglyceride levels were >750 mg/dl. Of the 31 women with hypertriglyceridemia, 12 (39%) had been given exogenous estrogen by their physicians (II ERT, one tamoxifen). Ten of the 12 women, while undergoing ERT, had triglyceride levels >1200 mg/dl. In triglyceride referral categories 750 to 1000, 1000-1500, and >1500 mg/dl, 17% (2 of 12), 33% (3 of 9), and 70% (7 of 10), respectively, of the 31 women with hypertriglyceridemia were receiving ERT. The higher the triglycerides were at referral, the greater was the likelihood that women were taking ERT (X(2) = 6.6, p = 0.035). Four of the seven women with triglyceride levels >1500 mg/dl while undergoing ERT were hospitalized with severe acute pancreatitis; another two had severe abdominal pain thought to be pancreatic in origin. To quickly lower dangerously high triglyceride levels, ERT was stopped in all 12 women. Lopid (1.2 to 1.5 gm/day) was given to the seven women not already taking it, and four were also given omega-3 fatty acids (4 to 15 gm/day). Median plasma triglyceride level at the initial visit in the 12 women undergoing ERT was 1665 mg/dl. At their second visit, approximately 6 weeks later, when not undergoing ERT, and with all 12 women receiving diet plus Lopid (gemfibrozil), and with four also taking omega-3 fatty acids, triglyceride levels fell sharply to 293 mg/dl (p<0.0005). In women with pre-ERT triglyceride levels >300 mg/dl, ERT is relatively contraindicated and should be absolutely contraindicated when triglyceride levels are >750 mg/dl, to avoid hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis and exacerbation of preexisting, covert hypertriglyceridemia. Cessation of ERT and treatment with triglyceride-lowering regimens usually normalizes triglyceride levels in women with hypertriglyceridemia, but if ERT is continued, triglyceride-lowering therapy is usually ineffective.
Dietary flaxseed enhances antioxidant defenses and is protective in a mouse model of lung ischemia-reperfusion injury; Dietary flaxseed (FS) is a nutritional whole grain with high contents of omega-3 fatty acids and lignans with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. We evaluated FS in a murine model of pulmonary ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) by dietary supplementation of 0% ( control) or 10% ( treatment) FS before IRI. Mice fed 0% FS undergoing IRI had a significant decrease in arterial oxygenation (Pa-O2) and a significant increase in bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) protein compared with sham-operated mice. However, mice fed 10% FS undergoing IRI had a significant improvement in both PaO2 and BAL protein compared with mice fed 0% FS undergoing IRI. In addition, oxidative lung damage was decreased in 10% FS-supplemented mice undergoing IRI, as assessed by malondialdehyde levels. Immunohistochemical staining of lungs for iPF(2 alpha)-III F-2 isoprostane, a measure of lipid oxidation, was diminished. FS-supplemented mice had less reactive oxygen species (ROS) release from the vascular endothelium in lungs in an ex vivo model of IRI, and alveolar macrophages isolated from FS-fed mice had significantly reduced ROS generation in response to oxidative burst. Pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells produced less ROS in a flow cessation model of ischemia when preincubated with purified FS lignan metabolites. Pharmacological inhibition of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) resulted in only a partial reduction of FS protection in the same model. We conclude that dietary FS is protective against IRI in an experimental murine model and that FS affects ROS generation and ROS detoxification via pathways not limited to upregulation of antioxidant enzymes such as HO-1.
Molecular cloning, functional characterization and transcriptional regulation of a 9-lipoxygenase gene from olive; A lipoxygenase (LOX) cDNA clone (Oep2LOX1) has been isolated from olive fruit (Olea europaea cv. Picual). The deduced amino acid sequence displayed significant similarity to known plant LOX1 sequences. Genomic Southern blot analysis suggests that only one copy of Oep2LOX1 is present in the olive genome. Linolenic acid was the preferred substrate for the recombinant Oep2LOX1, which produced almost exclusively 9-hydroperoxide when linolenic acid was used as substrate, whereas a mixture of 9- and 13-hydroperoxides in a ratio 4:1 was formed from linoleic acid. Expression levels were measured in different tissues of Picual and Arbequina cultivars, including the mesocarp and seed during development and ripening of olive fruit. The results showed that Oep2LOX1 transcript level is spatially and temporally regulated. Besides, the transcriptional regulation of the Oep2LOX1 gene in response to different abiotic stresses was also investigated. Temperature, light and wounding regulate Oep2LOX1 gene expression in olive fruit mesocarp. The physiological role of the Oep2LOX1 gene during olive fruit ripening and in the stress response is discussed. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Could nutritional therapy take us further in our approaches to Fabry disease?; Fabry disease (FD) is an X-linked lysosomal storage disorder caused by mutations in the GLA gene that result in deficiency of enzyme a-galactosidase A activity. Clinical manifestation varies from mild to severe depending on the phenotype. The main clinical manifestations are cutaneous (angiokeratomas), neurologic (acroparesthesias), gastrointestinal (nausea, diarrhea, and abdominal pain), renal (proteinuria and kidney failure), cardiovascular (cardiomyopathy and arrhythmias), and cerebrovascular (stroke). Enzyme replacement therapy with recombinant human a-galactosidase is currently the therapeutic option for FD. Although enzyme replacement therapy has changed the natural history of disease, many clinical aspects of FD require an additional specific treatment. Nutritional approach is mostly indicated in case of nephropathy and gastrointestinal symptoms. Specific dietary interventions can modulate some pathogenetic mechanisms of the disease, such as the inflammation, oxidative stress, and autophagic disorders. However, to our knowledge, limited attention has been given to the nutritional aspects of FD. The aim of this review is to examine nutritional strategies that might interfere with several pathophysiologic aspects of FD, including inflammation and oxidative stress. A dietary approach should be part of the basic treatment in renal manifestations of FD. Dietary measures recommended for irritable bowel syndrome could be recommended for gastrointestinal symptoms. Dietary factors can modulate the inflammation, oxidative stress, and autophagy involved in FD. Polyphenols, omega-3 fatty acids, microbiota, and specific dietary patterns can interfere with inflammation/oxidative stress and autophagy mechanisms and could also contribute to the slowing of FD progression. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutritional assessment and support in acute kidney injury; Purpose of review
Antitumour and pro-apoptotic actions of highly unsaturated fatty acids in glioma; The highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) of the n-6 and n-3 series are involved in cell signalling in normal and transformed cells and have recently been associated with pathways leading to tumour cell death. The antitumour activity of three HUFA (arachidonic acid, gamma linolenic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid) were studied in glioma cells and tissue. Using five glioma models, including primary cell suspensions prepared from 46 human glioma samples and an in vivo rat C6 glioma model, we obtained evidence that, following exposure to HUFA, either administered into the medium surrounding human glioma cells or in 16 preparations of multicellular spheroids derived from human and rodent glioma cell lines (C6, MOG, U87, U373) or administered intra-tumourally by infusion using osmotic mini-pumps in 48 rats, glioma regression and apoptosis were detected. Additionally, synergy between gamma irradiation and HUFA administration was observed in 13 experiments analyzing C6 glioma cell apoptosis in vitro. These pro-apoptotic and antiproliferative activities were observed using both C18 and C20 fatty acids of the n-6 and n-3 series, but not when saturated and monounsaturated C18 and C20 fatty acid preparations were used. In the glioma infusion model, in addition to the apoptosis detected in glioma tissue infused with HUFA for 3-7 days, preservation of normal neural tissue and vasculature in adjacent brain was observed. Also, there was little evidence of acute inflammatory infiltration in regressing tumours. Our findings suggest that intraparenchymal infusion of HUFA may be effective in stimulating glioma regression. (C) 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.
Effects of <i>Bacillus cereus</i> NJSZ-13 on Fatty Acid Metabolism of <i>Bursaphelenchus xylophilus</i>; In order to explore the changes in the fatty acid metabolism of Bursaphelenchus xylophilus under the treatment of Bacillus cereus NJSZ-13, the surface changes in lipid droplets were observed under a Zeiss microscope after the B. xylophilus was stained with modified Oil Red O. The triglyceride (TG) content in B. xylophilus was determined according to the TG kit instructions. The type and content of fatty acids in B. xylophilus were detected by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS); the stearyl coenzyme A of B. xylophilus was analyzed by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR. The change in Bx-SCD (gene regulating stearyl CoA desaturase in B. xylophilus) expression was observed. The results showed that the lipid droplets of B. xylophilus treated with NJSZ-13 were broken to varying degrees, and the TGs in B. xylophilus decreased continuously. The total fatty acid content in the bodies of treated B. xylophilus decreased: the difference between the fermentation broth treatment and the control was extremely significant (p < 0.01); that between the fermentation filtrate and the control was significant (p < 0.05); and that between the bacterial suspension and the control was not significant (p > 0.05). Saturated fatty acids decreased in all treatments, but not significantly. Compared with the control group, the unsaturated fatty acid content in fermentation broth and fermentation filtrate treatments was extremely significantly reduced, and the unsaturated fatty acid content of the bacterial suspension group was significantly decreased, which indicated that NJSZ-13 mainly caused a decrease in the unsaturated fatty acids in B. xylophilus. The trend in changes in monounsaturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids was the same, but for polyunsaturated fatty acids, the fermentation broth and fermentation filtrate treatments caused a significant decrease in content, but the bacterial suspension resulted in no significant change. The results showed that NJSZ-13 mainly caused a decrease in monounsaturated fatty acid content in B. xylophilus. In addition, the contents of C16:1, C18:1, and C18:2 fatty acids were significantly decreased after treatment with strain NJSZ-13 for 48 h, and the contents of C16:1, C18:1, C18:2, and C20:4 were extremely significantly decreased after the fermentation broth and filtrate treatments. The expression of Bx-SCD in B. xylophilus was significantly lower than that of the control (p < 0.0001). This study analyzed the changes in the content of related substances and relative gene expression in fatty acid metabolism of B. xylophilus treated with strain NJSZ-13, and preliminarily reveals the nematicidal mechanism of strain NJSZ-13 against B. xylophilus. This provides a theoretical basis for further exploration of the key cause of death induced by this strain in B. xylophilus.
Metreleptin Treatment in a Boy with Congenital Generalized Lipodystrophy due to Homozygous c.465_468delGACT (p.T156Rfs*8) Mutation in the BSCL2 Gene: Results From the First-year; Congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL) is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder characterized by an almost complete absence of body fat. In CGL, patients may have hyperphagia due to leptin deficiency. Recombinant human leptin (metreleptin) has been suggested as an effective treatment option. We present successful treatment with metreleptin in a boy with CGL and results from the first year of follow-up. An eight-month-old boy presented with excessive hair growth and a muscular appearance. On examination he had hypertrichosis, decreased subcutaneous adipose tissue over the whole body and hepatomegaly. Laboratory investigations revealed hypertriglyceridemia, hyperinsulinemia, elevated liver transaminases and low leptin levels. Molecular genetic analysis detected a homozygous, c.465_468delGACT (p.T156Rfs*8) mutation in the BSCL2 gene. A diagnosis of CGL type 2 was considered. Despite dietary intervention, exercise, and treatment with additional omega-3 and metformin, the hypertriglyceridemia, hyperinsulinemia, and elevated liver transaminase levels worsened. Metreleptin treatment was started and after one year hyperphagia had disappeared, and there was dramatic improvement in levels of insulin, hemoglobin A1c, triglycerides and liver transaminases. Hepatosteatosis was lessened and hepatosplenomegaly was much improved. Metreleptin appears to be an effective treatment option in children with CGL that remarkably improved metabolic complications in the presented case. Initiation of metreleptin treatment in the early period may decrease mortality and morbidity, and increase the quality of life in children with CGL.
<i>Passiflora edulis</i> seed oil from west Cameroon: Chemical characterization and assessment of its hypolipidemic effect in high-fat diet-induced rats; In this study, the in vivo hypolipidemic effect of west Cameroonian Passiflora edulis variety seed oil (PE) was assessed in female and male Wistar rats. The chemical properties of the oil were evaluated through the determination of the peroxide, iodine, and thiobarbituric acid values, as well as its fatty acid composition using gas chromatography. Results showed that the oil extraction yield was 19.90% and its quality indexes were as follows: peroxide value = 2.10 +/- 0.20 meq O-2/kg; thiobarbituric acid value = 0.25 +/- 0.00 ppm; and iodine value = 97.40 +/- 0.45 g I-2/100 g. Its fatty acid composition showed that it contains about 84.88% of unsaturated fatty acid, linoleic acid being the most represented (68.39%), followed by oleic acid (14.31%). The administration of this oil resulted in a significant reduction (p < .05) in the level of triglycerides, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol in rats. The PE groups showed a significant increase (p < .05) in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol compared with untreated male rats. A similar trend was observed with female rats for triglycerides, but lowest values were observed with olive oil at 1 ml. This study suggests that P. edulis seed oil is rich in linoleic acid, which might be responsible for its hypolipidemic effect comparable to that of olive oil.
What is the evidence for a role for diet and nutrition in osteoarthritis?; As current treatment options in OA are very limited, OA patients would benefit greatly from some ability to self-manage their condition. Since diet may potentially affect OA, we reviewed the literature on the relationship between nutrition and OA risk or progression, aiming to provide guidance for clinicians. For overweight/obese patients, weight reduction, ideally incorporating exercise, is paramount. The association between metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes and OA risk or progression may partly explain the apparent benefit of dietary-lipid modification resulting from increased consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty-acids from oily fish/fish oil supplements. A strong association between OA and raised serum cholesterol together with clinical effects in statin users suggests a potential benefit of reduction of cholesterol by dietary means. Patients should ensure that they meet the recommended intakes for micronutrients such as vitamin K, which has a role in bone/cartilage mineralization. Evidence for a role of vitamin D supplementation in OA is unconvincing.
Expression Pattern of ALOXE3 in Mouse Brain Suggests Its Relationship with Seizure Susceptibility; Arachidonic acid (AA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid, is involved in the modulation of neuronal excitability in the brain. Arachidonate lipoxygenase 3 (ALOXE3), a critical enzyme in the AA metabolic pathway, catalyzes the derivate of AA into hepoxilins. However, the expression pattern of ALOXE3 and its role in the brain has not been described until now. Here we showed that the levels ofAloxe3mRNA and protein kept increasing since birth and reached the highest level at postnatal day 30 in the mouse hippocampus and temporal cortex. Histomorphological analyses indicated that ALOXE3 was enriched in adult hippocampus, somatosensory cortex and striatum. The distribution was restricted to the neurites of function-specific subregions, such as mossy fibre connecting hilus and CA3 neurons, termini of Schaffer collateral projections, and the layers III and IV of somatosensory cortex. The spatiotemporal expression pattern of ALOXE3 suggests its potential role in the modulation of neural excitability and seizure susceptibility. In fact, decreased expression of ALOXE3 and elevated concentration of AA in the hippocampus was found after status epilepticus (SE) induced by pilocarpine. Local overexpression of ALOXE3 via adeno-associated virus gene transfer restored the elevated AA level induced by SE, alleviated seizure severities by increasing the latencies to myclonic switch, clonic convulsions and tonic hindlimb extensions, and decreased the mortality rate in the pilocarpine-induced SE model. These results suggest that the expression of ALOXE3 is a crucial regulator of AA metabolism in brain, and potentially acts as a regulator of neural excitability, thereby controlling brain development and seizure susceptibility.
Effect of Parenteral Fish Oil Lipid Emulsion in Parenteral Nutrition Supplementation Combined With Enteral Nutrition Support in Patients Undergoing Pancreaticoduodenectomy; Background: The effect of parenteral fish oil lipid emulsion in parenteral nutrition (PN) supplementation combined with enteral nutrition (EN) support on pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) was investigated with a randomized controlled clinical trial at the Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital. Materials and Methods: Seventy-six patients who underwent PD in the Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery were randomly divided into 2 groups: the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) group (n = 38) and control group (n = 38). Patients in the PUFA group received parenteral fish oil lipid emulsion supplementation combined with early EN support for 5 days after PD. Venous blood samples were obtained for assay on the day before surgery and on day 6 after surgery. Results: Compared with the results of the control group, a significant difference was seen in the extent of the decrease in total protein and prealbumin in the PUFA group (P < .05). Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) were significantly decreased on day 6 in the PUFA group (P < .01), and a significant difference was seen in the extent of decrease in ALT, AST, and LDH in the PUFA group (P < .05). The ratio of infectious complications in the PUFA group was significantly decreased, as well as the postoperative hospital stay (P < .05), and there was no hospital mortality in this study. Conclusion: Parenteral fish oil lipid emulsion in PN supplementation combined with EN support can greatly improve the nutrition state and liver function of patients, decrease the incidence of infectious morbidities, and shorten the postoperative hospital stay. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2013;37:236-242)
Seafood Intake as a Method of Non-Communicable Diseases (NCD) Prevention in Adults; Seafood (fish in particular) is one of the main food groups in nutrition models with proven health benefits. Seafood has long been considered a very valuable dietary component, mainly due to presence of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) but it is also an important source of protein (including collagen), anserine, taurine, iodine, selenium, vitamin A, vitamin K, vitamin D, tocopherols, B vitamins and astaxanthin. Considering the beneficial effects of these ingredients on blood pressure, lipid profile and the inflammatory process, seafood should be an essential component of the diet. Non-communicable diseases (NCD) such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes and mental disorder, chronic respiratory diseases are common diseases associated with advanced age. Promotion of a healthy lifestyle (including proper nutritional behavior) and prevention of diseases are the most effective and efficient ways to decrease premature mortality from NCD and to maintain mental health and well-being. This review article shows the potential preventive and therapeutic effects of seafood with an emphasis on fish. Our narrative review presents the results of systematic reviews and meta-analysis.
Metabolic and cardiovascular effects of early insulin glargin prescription: based on data from ORIGIN study; We discuss results of ORIGIN, a multicenter parallel groups study for efficiency assessment of insulin glargin against polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids or placebo regarding cardiovascular and/or mortality risk reduction in patients with impaired fasting glycemia, impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on its early stage and high risk for cardiovascular events. 12 537 patients took part in this study; 6 264 were randomized in insulin glargin group, where dosage was adjusted for complete compensation of fasting glycemia (5.3 mmol/l was set as a therapeutic goal). After treatment with glargin therapeutic goal was achieved and further maintained for 6.2 years of follow-up. Compensation of fasting glycemia did not affect the outcome of cardiovascular diseases in patients with early stages of dysglycemia according to primary endpoints. It was not associated with increase in general morbidity and in risk of hypoglycemic events. Treatment with insulin glargin delayed progression from prediabetes to clinical onset for 28% (OR 0.72, CI 95% 0.58-0.91; p = 0,006), while lowering incidence of DM. Longtime treatment with insulin glargin does not increase incidence of malignant tumors of different localization, including patients with prediabetes. Due to results of ORIGIN, insulin glargin (Lantus (R)) has become the most studied human insulin analogue to date.
Targeting ferroptosis in breast cancer; Ferroptosis is a recently discovered distinct type of regulated cell death caused by the accumulation of lipid-based ROS. Metabolism and expression of specific genes affect the occurrence of ferroptosis, making it a promising therapeutic target to manage cancer. Here, we describe the current status of ferroptosis studies in breast cancer and trace the key regulators of ferroptosis back to previous studies. We also compare ferroptosis to common regulated cell death patterns and discuss the sensitivity to ferroptosis in different subtypes of breast cancer. We propose that viewing ferroptosis-related studies from a historical angle will accelerate the development of ferroptosis-based biomarkers and therapeutic strategies in breast cancer.
Antioxidants and Pulmonary Function Among Police Officers; Objective: To examine associations of dietary antioxidant intake and pulmonary function. Methods: Antioxidant data (vitamins A, C, D, E, magnesium, and omega-3 fatty acids) were abstracted from food frequency questionnaires. Pulmonary function was measured using American Thoracic Society criteria. We used analysis of variance to investigate associations. Results: Among 79 police officers (57% male), forced vital capacity was positively and significantly associated with vitamin A after adjustment for age, gender, height, race, smoking status, and pack-years of smoking, and with magnesium after adjustment for those risk factors plus total calories, all supplement use, and abdominal height. Among current/former smokers only, mean levels of all pulmonary function measures were significantly associated with vitamin E; smoking status significantly modified these relationships. Conclusions: Increased intake of vitamin A, vitamin E (among current/former smokers only), and magnesium was associated with better pulmonary function.
Lack of chemopreventive effects of α-eleostearic acid on 7,12-dimethylbenz[<i>a</i>]anthracene (DMBA) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (DMH)-induced mammary and colon carcinogenesis in female Sprague-Dawley rats; alpha-Eleostearic acid is one of the conjugated linolenic acids from tung oil, which is obtained from the seeds of Aleurites fordii. The effects of dietary alpha-eleostearic acid (18:3, n-5) on the post-initiation period of 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) and 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (DMH)-induced mammary and colon carcinogenesis were examined using female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats. For initiation, rats were given subcutaneous injections of 40 mg/kg body weight (5 times) and 20 mg/kg body weight (3 times) of DMH during the age of 6-8 weeks and a single intragastric administration of 50 mg/kg body weight of DMBA at 9 weeks. Then, the animals were treated with 0%, 0.01%, 0.1% or 1.0% alpha-eleostearic acid for 34 weeks. Control rats received the basal diet alone or 1.0% alpha-eleostearic acid without prior initiation treatment. All surviving animals were killed at week 37 of the experiment. There were no statistically significant alterations in any of the parameters for either mammary or colon tumors. These results thus indicate that alpha-eleostearic acid does not exert clear modification effects on DMBA and DMH-induced mammary and colon carcinogenesis, at least under the present experimental conditions. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enteral feeding; In this review, topics with scientific strength, topical interest, and controversy were selected. Over the past 50 years, malnutrition has become increasingly recognized as a cause of increased morbidity and mortality in hospital patients. From 1970 to 1980, parenteral nutrition was advocated as the most appropriate form of nutritional therapy for hospital patients. Since then, parenteral nutrition has been replaced by enteral nutrition as the best way of delivering nutrients to hospital patients. The timing of enteral nutrition has been debated. Should it be instituted early, within the first 24 hours? In addition, enteral nutrition containing immune-enhancing nutrients such as arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, glutamine, and nucleotides has been advocated for critically ill patients. The relative merits of enteral versus total parenteral nutrition continue to be debated. Questions about possible complications related to enteral nutrition have been raised. Patients are at risk of nosocomial pneumonia from aspiration and at risk of bowel ischemia because enteral nutrition increases intestinal oxygen consumption. Steroids are often used to treat Crohn disease, but because of undesirable side effects, various techniques have been used to reduce steroid dependency. Enteral nutrition has been advocated as a way of reducing steroid dependency. Finally, enteral nutrition is routinely used to feed demented patients and those in a vegetative state. It is not clear whether this practice alters outcome or quality of life. (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Development and Physico-Chemical Characterization of a Shea Butter-Containing Lipid Nutrition Supplement for Sub-Saharan Africa; Lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNS) are used to prevent and treat moderate and severe acute malnutrition, a leading cause of mortality in children-under-five. The physical and chemical changes of two new LNS products were evaluated before and after accelerated shelf life testing (ASLT) according to protocols suggested by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and Doctors without Borders and compared against USAID's A-20 paste as a control. LNS formulas containing Shea butter from the Shea nut tree (Vitellaria paradoxa), a common fat source in parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, with and without flax-seed oil, as a source of omega-3 fatty acids, were developed. LNS formulas were batched (0.8 kg) in a wet grinder, sealed under nitrogen in three-layer mini-pouches (20 g), and underwent ASLT at 40 +/- 2 degrees C for six months with sampling every eight weeks. At each time point, water activity, moisture, peroxide value, oil separation, vitamin C content, and hardness were evaluated. Results showed comparable stability among all formulas with an increase in Aw (p < 0.05) but no change in vitamin C, oil separation, or peroxide value. Addition of Shea butter improved the LNS's hardness, which remained stable over time. Modifying fat profile in LNS can improve its texture and essential fatty acid content without affecting its storage stability.
Influence of ferulic acid on circulatory prooxidant antioxidant status during alcohol and PUFA induced toxicity; In recent years, there has been an escalation in alcohol abuse and inevitably, alcohol related disorders are becoming an increasingly important cause of morbidity and mortality. Alcohol is known to induce a dose dependent increase in lipid peroxidation. Alcohol related disabilities are more pronounced when taken along with diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). The present work aims at analysing the protective role of ferulic acid (FA), a naturally occurring nutritional component on alcohol and PUFA induced oxidative stress. Two different doses of ferulic acid, 20 mg/kg body weight and 40 mg/kg body weight were used for the study. The results showed that the levels of oxidative markers; thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), hydroperoxides (HP) and levels of copper (Cu) and ferritin were increased significantly in plasma of alcohol, thermally oxidised PUFA (DeltaPUFA) and alcohol + DeltaPUFA groups, which were decreased significantly on treatment with both the doses of ferulic acid. The activities of enzymic antioxidants viz. superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GP(x)) and non enzymic antioxidants like vitamin C, vitamin E, and reduced glutathione (GSH) and the levels of zinc (Zn) were significantly decreased in alcohol, DeltaPUFA and alcohol + DeltaPUFA groups which were improved significantly on treatment with both the doses of FA. The reduction in oxidative stress was more significant in 20 mg/kg body weight treatment groups compared to 40 mg/kg body weight. Thus from the results obtained, we conclude that FA effectively protects the system against alcohol and PUFA induced oxidative stress.
Understanding the Mediterranean diet - Could this be the new "gold standard" for heart disease prevention?; Most physicians recommend the American Heart Association (AHA) Step I or Step 11 diet to patients at risk for heart disease and stroke, but recent studies suggest there might be a better approach. The Mediterranean diet, which has been around for thousands of years, offers a practical, effective, and enjoyable strategy that is relatively easy to adopt and more likely to be successful over the long term than most other heart-healthy diets. In this article, Drs Curtis and O'Keefe review the current understanding and scientific evidence related to cardioprotective diets and present practical ideas for implementation.
Diacylglycerol-induced improvement of whole-body insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A long-term randomized, double-blind controlled study; Background & aims: Diacylglycerol oil has been shown to tower postprandial and fasting serum triacylglycerol levels and reduce body fat. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of diacylglycerol oil on risk factors of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease in type 2 DM patients.
Immunonutrition improves functional capacities in head and neck and esophageal cancer patients undergoing radiochemotherapy: A randomized clinical trial; Background & aims: Malnutrition is frequent in head and neck (HN) and esophageal cancer patients and aggravated by radiochemotherapy (RCT), increasing morbi-mortality and treatment toxicity. Our goal was to investigate the effect of immunonutrition consisting of an arginine, omega-3 fatty acid, nucleotides-enriched diet on nutritional status, and functional capacity in HN or esophageal cancer patients undergoing RCT.
Nutrition after severe burn injury; Purpose of reviewSevere burn injury causes significant metabolic changes and demands that make nutritional support particularly important. Feeding the severe burn patient is a real challenge in regard to the specific needs and the clinical constraints. This review aims to challenge the existing recommendations in the light of the few recently published data on nutritional support in burn patients.Recent findingsSome key macro- and micro-nutrients have been recently studied in severe burn patients. Repletion, complementation or supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin C, vitamin D, antioxidant micronutrients may be promising from a physiologic perspective, but evidence of benefits on hard outcomes is still weak due to the studies' design. On the contrary, the anticipated positive effects of glutamine on the time to discharge, mortality and bacteremias have been disproved in the largest randomized controlled trial investigating glutamine supplementation in burns. An individualized approach in term of nutrients quantity and quality may proof highly valuable and needs to be validated in adequate trials. The combination of nutrition and physical exercises is another studied strategy that could improve muscle outcomes.Due to the low number of clinical trials focused on severe burn injury, most often including limited number of patients, developing new evidence-based guidelines is challenging. More high-quality trials are needed to improve the existing recommendations in the very next future.
The Overlooked Storm in Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)?; Severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) symptoms, including systemic inflammatory response and multisystem organ failure, are now affecting thousands of infected patients and causing widespread mortality. Coronavirus infection causes tissue damage, which triggers the endoplasmic reticulum stress response and subsequent eicosanoid and cytokine storms. Although proinflammatory eicosanoids, including prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes, are critical mediators of physiological processes, such as inflammation, fever, allergy, and pain, their roles in COVID-19 are poorly characterized. Arachidonic acid-derived epoxyeicosatrienoic acids could alleviate the systemic hyperinflammatory response in COVID-19 infection by modulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and stimulating the resolution of inflammation. Soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) inhibitors, which increase endogenous epoxyeicosatrienoic acid levels, exhibit potent anti-inflammatory activity and inhibit various pathologic processes in preclinical disease models, including pulmonary fibrosis, thrombosis, and acute respiratory distress syndrome. Therefore, targeting eicosanoids and sEH could be a novel therapeutic approach in combating COVID-19. In this review, we discuss the predominant role of eicosanoids in regulating the inflammatory cascade and propose the potential application of sEH inhibitors in alleviating COVID-19 symptoms. The host-protective action of omega-3 fatty acid-derived epoxyeicosanoids and specialized proresolving mediators in regulating anti-inflammation and antiviral response is also discussed. Future studies determining the eicosanoid profile in COVID-19 patients or predinical models are pivotal in providing novel insights into coronavirus-host interaction and inflammation modulation.
CONVERSION OF PHOSPHATIDYL CHOLINE TO PHOSPHATIDIC-ACID IN FREEZE INJURED RYE AND WHEAT CULTIVARS; The effect of exposure to freezing temperature (-15.degree. C) on leaf phospholipid composition of hardened rye (Secale cereale L.) and hardened wheat [Triticum aestivum] cultivars (''Miranovskaja 808'', ''Bezostaja 1'', ''Short Mexican'' and ''Penjamo 62''), which differ in their resistance to frost, was investigated. Hardening took place under natural conditions. All the seedlings attained an equal level of linolenic acid in their leaves during hardening. Exposure to freezing temperatures resulted in a loss of phosphatidyl choline and accumulation of phosphatidic acid in the leaves. The ratio of phosphatidic acid to phosphatidyl choline, but not the level of poly-unsaturated fatty acids in the leaves, was related to their ability to survive at low temperatures. As freezing injury is caused by the formation of ice crystals in both extra- and intracellular space, it is probable that the plasma membranes of the investigated cultivars differed with respect to their water permeability. The plants, depending on the degree of their resistance to cold, produce an unknown substance of lipidic nature upon exposure to cold, with the aid of which they adjust the transitional state of their membranes to the prevailing temperature and, at the same time, facilitate the efflux of water from the cells.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia as a cause of necrotizing pancreatitis in a pediatric patient with familial hyperchylomicronemia syndrome: A case report; Familial hyperchylomicronemia syndrome is a monogenic autosomal recessive disorder that causes severe and refractory hypertriglyceridemia. This uncommon condition is challenging to diagnose and treat and can lead to comorbidities such as acute pancreatitis. Although treatment options are limited in the pediatric population, strict diets and treatments approved for other dyslipidemias may be implemented in familial hyperchylomicronemia syndrome, given the lack of pharmacological interventions available. We report a 14-year-old female presented to the emergency room with abdominal pain suggestive of acute pancreatitis. Biochemical analysis revealed a triglyceride value of 4260 mg/dL. Treatment for triglyceride reduction with a strict CHILD-2 triglyceride-lowering diet, insulin infusion, fibrates, and multiple plasmapheresis were initially insufficient. Primary hypertriglyceridemia was suspected, and genetic testing identified a homozygous pathogenic variant in the lipoprotein lipase gene, diagnosing familial hyperchylomicronemia syndrome. She was discharged with a maximum dose of fibrate, statin, omega-3 fatty acids, and a restrictive diet. At her 1 -month and 9-month follow-ups, her triglyceride values were 756 and 495 mg/dL, respectively, without incident complications. Familial hyperchylomicronemia syndrome is an uncommon condition with limited available literature and treatment options, especially in the pediatric population. Acute pancreatitis secondary to severe hypertriglyceridemia is a condition with a high risk of mortality which requires prompt clinical suspicion and treatment.
Perioperative administration of parenteral fish oil supplements in a routine clinical setting improves patient outcome after major abdominal surgery; Background Et aims: It is hypothesized that provision of pre- and/or postoperative omega-3 fatty acids to surgical patients in clinical routine improves clinical outcome.
Effect of Entomopathogenic Nematodes and Some Pharmaceutical Inhibitors of Eicosanoid Biosynthesis on the Desert Locust <i>Schistocerca gregaria</i> (Forskal); The entomopathogenic nematodes. Heterorhabditis and Steinernema together with their associated bacteria Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus, respectively have biological control potentials. To address some of the fundamental factors underlying the immunocompetence of the host insect Schistocerca gregaria (Forskal) following nematode infection, we tested a hypothesis that the insect immune-mediating eicosanoid pathway may be affected by the virulent action of the Egyptian nematode isolate H. indica (RM1). Haemocoelic injection of the nematode into the fifth instar nymphs of S. gregaria evoked the haemocyte microaggregation and nodulation reactions and increased the mortality percentages of these economically important pests. Separate treatments with specific inhibitors of the phospholipase A2; the cyclooxygenase and the dual cyclooxygenase / lipoxygenase pathways, reduced both haemocyte microaggregation and nodulation reactions, supporting the point of view that nodule formation is a complex process involving both cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase products. The inhibitory effects of the phospholipase A2 inhibitor, dexamethasone, on microaggregation and nodulation were obviously apparent during the first hour of injection and these effects increased greatly over the following 24h. The dexamethasone effects were expressed in a dose-dependent manner and they were reversed by the co-injection of the nematode-injected insects with the exogenous eicosanoid-precursor polyunsaturated fatty acid, arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6). These findings strongly support the identification of microaggregation and nodulation as specific insect cellular defense reactions that are mediated by eicosanoids. The S. gregaria nymphs contain trace levels of the eicosanoid-precursor polyunsaturated fatty acids in six different tissues as detected by mass spectrometry.
EFFECTS OF A LOW-DOSE FISH-OIL CONCENTRATE ON ANGINA, EXERCISE TOLERANCE TIME, SERUM TRIGLYCERIDES, AND PLATELET-FUNCTION; Fish oils have shown beneficial effects on various parameters in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD).  The purpose of this study was to investigate whether the same effects can be demonstrated with a low dose of fish oil concentrate (FOC).
Higher Oily Fish Consumption in Late Pregnancy Is Associated With Reduced Aortic Stiffness in the Child at Age 9 Years; Rationale: Higher pulse wave velocity (PWV) reflects increased arterial stiffness and is an established cardiovascular risk marker associated with lower long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in adults. Experimentally, maternal fatty acid intake in pregnancy has lasting effects on offspring arterial stiffness.
Differential expression profiles and pathways of genes in drought resistant tree species <i>Prunus</i> <i>mahaleb</i> roots and leaves in response to drought stress; Prunus mahaleb exhibits tolerance to drought as woody plant genotype, shows great potential for cherry rootstock breeding, while the molecular mechanism for its respond to water deficiency is still not fully understood. The physiological and RNA-seq approaches were used to investigate the transcriptome mechanisms that allow P. mahaleb to survive in arid environments. 1, 573 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) involved in drought response were selected from well-watered and drought-stressed P. mahaleb leaves (517) and roots (1, 056). Carbohydrates metabolism, hormone signal transduction and secondary metabolites were intensive pathways involved. Glycogen biosynthesis and glycosyl hydrolases genes were reduced to rebuild energy homeostasis, NCED homology genes were induced for stomatal regulation and water conservation. The expression of linolenic acid and amino acids synthesis related genes was generally increased to enhance drought tolerance. CBF/NF-Ys, MYB, WRKY and U-box as TFs may regulate key functional genes to adapt the stress. It is indicated differences pertaining to the molecular mechanisms occurring in tree roots vs. shoots in response to drought stress. A core set of 32 candidate genes were identified that could function as targets for detailed functional studies of drought responses at molecular level in prunus family. Furthermore, these genes may be used to potentially breed trees with drought tolerance.
Short note - Comparative analysis of physicochemical characteristics and fatty acid composition of seeds of black cumin, poppy, safflower and sesame; Oilseeds, their major constituents such as fats, proteins and carbohydrates, are the main source of raw materials and have a potential application as ingredients for nutraceuticals and functional foods. We determined and compared the physico-chemical characteristics and fatty acid profile of black cumin seeds, poppy seeds, safflower and sesame.
Pharmacologic implications of inflammatory comorbidity in bipolar disorder; Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic illness associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Epidemiological studies have established a strong association between BD and inflammatory comorbidities. Furthermore, illness course is more severe and treatment resistant in BD with comorbid inflammatory disease and vice versa. Immune dysfunction has therefore been proposed as a key pathophysiological nexus sub-serving the bidirectional interaction between BD and inflammatory comorbidities. The foregoing observations have provided the rational and impetus for repurposing anti-inflammatory agents for the treatment of BD. Clinical trials have shown promising results for a variety of mechanistically diverse anti-inflammatory agents. N-Acetylcysteine, infliximab, pioglitazone, celecoxib, aspirin, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have shown an antidepressant effect in BD when administered adjunctively to conventional treatments. Currently, insufficient evidence exists to support the routine use of anti-inflammatory agents in the treatment of BD with inflammatory comorbidities; however, several more clinical trials are current underway which may guide clinical application in the near future. Anti-inflammatory agents will likely be most useful for the subpopulation of BD where immune dysfunction is a driving pathogenic factor, such as in patients with inflammatory comorbidities. Future studies are striving to stratify subjects based on immune function or dysfunction in order to better understand which subset of BD subjects will benefit most from anti-inflammatory therapies.
<i>Fatty acid desaturase 1</i> knockout mice are lean with improved glycemic control and decreased development of atheromatous plaque; Delta-5 desaturase (D5D) and delta-6 desaturase (D6D), encoded by fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1) and FADS2 genes, respectively, are enzymes in the synthetic pathways for omega 3, omega 6, and omega 9 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Although PUFAs appear to be involved in mammalian metabolic pathways, the physiologic effect of isolated D5D deficiency on these pathways is unclear. After generating >4,650 knockouts (KOs) of independent mouse genes and analyzing them in our high-throughput phenotypic screen, we found that Fads1 KO mice were among the leanest of 3,651 chow-fed KO lines analyzed for body composition and were among the most glucose tolerant of 2,489 high-fat-diet-fed KO lines analyzed by oral glucose tolerance test. In confirmatory studies, chow-or high-fat-diet-fed Fads1 KO mice were leaner than wildtype (WT) littermates; when data from multiple cohorts of adult mice were combined, body fat was 38% and 31% lower in Fads1 male and female KO mice, respectively. Fads1 KO mice also had lower glucose and insulin excursions during oral glucose tolerance tests along with lower fasting glucose, insulin, triglyceride, and total cholesterol levels. In additional studies using a vascular injury model, Fads1 KO mice had significantly decreased femoral artery intima/ media ratios consistent with a decreased inflammatory response in their arterial wall. Based on this result, we bred Fads1 KO and WT mice onto an ApoE KO background and fed them a Western diet for 14 weeks; in this atherogenic environment, aortic trees of Fads1 KO mice had 40% less atheromatous plaque compared to WT littermates. Importantly, PUFA levels measured in brain and liver phospholipid fractions of Fads1 KO mice were consistent with decreased D5D activity and normal D6D activity. The beneficial metabolic phenotype demonstrated in Fads1 KO mice suggests that selective D5D inhibitors may be useful in the treatment of human obesity, diabetes, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Cereal fiber and coronary heart disease: a comparison of modeling approaches for repeated dietary measurements, intermediate outcomes, and long follow-up; The appropriate manner of incorporating incident angina, coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG), percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia, which may be both intermediate events and time-dependent confounders, into analyses of diet and coronary heart disease (CHD) is not clear. Using data from 72,266 women in the Nurses' Health Study between 1984 and 2006, the authors examined the relation between report of intermediate events and change in cereal fiber intake and used different proportional hazards models to evaluate the association between cereal fiber and CHD. Cereal fiber intake increased significantly among participants who reported hypercholesterolemia (0.42 g/day; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.51 g/day) and diabetes (0.07 g/day with each additional 2-year increment; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.13 g/day). However, angina, CABG/PCI, and hypertension were not associated with a change in cereal fiber intake and thus were not important time-dependent confounders. Cereal fiber intake was inversely associated with risk of CHD in all proportional hazards models, but results varied modestly depending on the approach used to incorporate multiple measures of diet. Because stopping the updating of dietary variables when an intermediate event is diagnosed may lead to misclassification, future analyses should consider updating diet even after these diagnoses to best represent long-term intake. To best evaluate associations with incidence of disease, considerations should include the temporal trends in diet, changes in intake following intermediate events, and latency patterns. Sensitivity analyses can also be useful.
The Effects of Spirulina Supplementation on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: A Narrative Review; Spirulina (Arthrospira platensis) is a cyanobacterium associated with multiple health benefits. Cardiometabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and diabetes are prevalent yet usually preventable non-communicable diseases. Modifiable risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases include excessive body weight, body inflammation, atherogenic lipid profile, and imbalanced glucose metabolism. This review explores the effects of spirulina on cardiometabolic diseases risk factors. Spirulina was effective in reducing body weight, body mass index, and waist circumference, with a potential dose-dependent effect. It also decreased interleukin 6, an important biomarker of body inflammation, by inhibiting NADPH oxidase enzyme, and lowering insulin resistance. spirulina supplementation also reduced triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Additionally, spirulina reduced fasting blood sugar and post-prandial blood sugar and increased insulin sensitivity, but no effect was observed on glycated hemoglobin A1c. The diverse nutrients, such as phycocyanin, gamma-linolenic acid, and vitamin B12, present in spirulina contribute to its cardiometabolic benefits. The doses used are heterogeneous for most studies, ranging from 1 to 8 grams daily, but most studies administered spirulina for 3 months to observe an effect. The collective evidence suggests that spirulina supplements may help improve risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases, thus, preventing its development. However, due to the heterogeneity of the results, more randomized clinical trials are needed to draw robust conclusions about spirulina's therapeutic potential in ameliorating risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases and fully elucidate the mechanisms by which it exerts its effects.
Role of Antioxidants in Neonatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury: New Therapeutic Approaches; Hypoxic-ischemic brain damage is an alarming health and economic problem in spite of the advances in neonatal care. It can cause mortality or detrimental neurological disorders such as cerebral palsy, motor impairment and cognitive deficits in neonates. When hypoxia-ischemia occurs, a multi-faceted cascade of events starts out, which can eventually cause cell death. Lower levels of oxygen due to reduced blood supply increase the production of reactive oxygen species, which leads to oxidative stress, a higher concentration of free cytosolic calcium and impaired mitochondrial function, triggering the activation of apoptotic pathways, DNA fragmentation and cell death. The high incidence of this type of lesion in newborns can be partly attributed to the fact that the developing brain is particularly vulnerable to oxidative stress. Since antioxidants can safely interact with free radicals and terminate that chain reaction before vital molecules are damaged, exogenous antioxidant therapy may have the potential to diminish cellular damage caused by hypoxia-ischemia. In this review, we focus on the neuroprotective effects of antioxidant treatments against perinatal hypoxic-ischemic brain injury, in the light of the most recent advances.
Eicosapentaenoic acid and aspirin, alone and in combination, for the prevention of colorectal adenomas (seAFOod Polyp Prevention trial): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2 x 2 factorial trial; Background The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and aspirin both have proof of concept for colorectal cancer chemoprevention, aligned with an excellent safety profile. Therefore, we aimed to test the efficacy of EPA and aspirin, alone and in combination and compared with a placebo, in individuals with sporadic colorectal neoplasia detected at colonoscopy.
Impact of nutrition on pollutant toxicity: an update with new insights into epigenetic regulation; Exposure to environmental pollutants is a global health problem and is associated with the development of many chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes and metabolic syndrome. There is a growing body of evidence that nutrition can both positively and negatively modulate the toxic effects of pollutant exposure. Diets high in proinflammatory fats, such as linoleic acid, can exacerbate pollutant toxicity, whereas diets rich in bioactive and anti-inflammatory food components, including omega-3 fatty acids and polyphenols, can attenuate toxicant-associated inflammation. Previously, researchers have elucidated direct mechanisms of nutritional modulation, including alteration of nuclear factor kappa-lightchain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-kB) signaling, but recently, increased focus has been given to the ways in which nutrition and pollutants affect epigenetics. Nutrition has been demonstrated to modulate epigenetic markers that have been linked either to increased disease risks or to protection against diseases. Overnutrition (i.e. obesity) and undernutrition (i. e. famine) have been observed to alter prenatal epigenetic tags that may increase the risk of offspring developing disease later in life. Conversely, bioactive food components, including curcumin, have been shown to alter epigenetic markers that suppress the activation of NF-.B, thus reducing inflammatory responses. Exposure to pollutants also alters epigenetic markers and may contribute to inflammation and disease. It has been demonstrated that pollutants, via epigenetic modulations, can increase the activation of NF-.B and upregulate microRNAs associated with inflammation, cardiac injury and oxidative damage. Importantly, recent evidence suggests that nutritional components, including epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), can protect against pollutant-induced inflammation through epigenetic regulation of -proinflammatory target genes of NF-.B. Further research is needed to better understand how nutrition can modulate pollutant toxicity through epigenetic regulation. Therefore, the objective of this review is to elucidate the current evidence linking epigenetic changes to pollutant-induced diseases and how this regulation may be modulated by nutrients allowing for the development of future personalized lifestyle interventions.
DNA demethylase Tet2 suppresses cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury; Demethylase Tet2 plays a vital role in the immune response. Acute kidney injury (AKI) initiation and maintenance phases are marked by inflammatory responses and leukocyte recruitment in endothelial and tubular cell injury processes. However, the role of Tet2 in AKI is poorly defined. Our study determined the degree of renal tissue damage associated with Tet2 gene expression levels in a cisplatin-induced AKI mice model. Tet2-knockout (KO) mice with cisplatin treatment experienced severe tubular necrosis and dilatation, inflammation, and AKI markers' expression levels than the wild-type mice. In addition, the administration of Tet2 plasmid protected Tet2-KO mice from cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity, but not Tet2-catalytic-dead mutant. Tet2 KO was associated with a change in metabolic pathways like retinol, arachidonic acid, linolenic acid metabolism, and PPAR signaling pathway in the cisplatin-induced mice model. Tet2 expression is also downregulated in other AKI mice models and clinical samples. Thus, our results indicate that Tet2 has a renal protective effect during AKI by regulating metabolic and inflammatory responses through the PPAR signaling pathway.
The Effect of Multidomain Interventions on Global Cognition, Symptoms of Depression and Apathy - A Pooled Analysis of Two Randomized Controlled Trials; Background Cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle factors are associated with an increased risk of cognitive decline and dementia in observational studies, and have been targeted by multidomain interventions. Objectives We pooled individual participant data from two multi-domain intervention trials on cognitive function and symptoms of depression to increase power and facilitate subgroup analyses. Design Pooled analysis of individual participant data. Setting Prevention of Dementia by Intensive Vascular Care trial (preDIVA) and Multidomain Alzheimer Preventive Trial (MAPT). Participants Community-dwelling individuals, free from dementia at baseline. Intervention Multidomain interventions focused on cardiovascular and lifestyle related risk factors. Measurements Data on cognitive functioning, depressive symptoms and apathy were collected at baseline, 2 years and 3-4 years of follow-up as available per study. We analyzed crude scores with linear mixed models for overall cognitive function (Mini Mental State Examination [MMSE]), and symptoms of depression and apathy (15-item Geriatric Depression Scale). Prespecified subgroup analyses were performed for sex, educational level, baseline MMSE <26, history of hypertension, and history of stroke, myocardial infarction and/or diabetes mellitus. Results We included 4162 individuals (median age 74 years, IQR 72, 76) with a median follow-up duration of 3.7 years (IQR 3.0 to 4.1 years). No differences between intervention and control groups were observed on change in cognitive functioning scores and symptoms of depression and apathy scores in the pooled study population. The MMSE declined less in the intervention groups in those with MMSE <26 at baseline (N=250; MD: 0.84; 95%CI: 0.15 to 1.54; p<0.001). Conclusions We found no conclusive evidence that multidomain interventions reduce the risk of global cognitive decline, symptoms of depression or apathy in a mixed older population. Our results suggest that these interventions may be more effective in those with lower baseline cognitive functioning. Extended follow-up for dementia occurrence is important to inform on the potential long-term effects of multidomain interventions.
Retinopathy of prematurity; The immature retinas of preterm neonates are susceptible to insults that disrupt neurovascular growth, leading to retinopathy of prematurity. Suppression of growth factors due to hyperoxia and loss of the maternal-fetal interaction result in an arrest of retinal vascularisation (phase 1). Subsequently, the increasingly metabolically active, yet poorly vascularised, retina becomes hypoxic, stimulating growth factor-induced vasoproliferation (phase 2), which can cause retinal detachment. In very premature infants, controlled oxygen administration reduces but does not eliminate retinopathy of prematurity. Identification and control of factors that contribute to development of retinopathy of prematurity is essential to prevent progression to severe sight-threatening disease and to limit comorbidities with which the disease shares modifiable risk factors. Strategies to prevent retinopathy of prematurity will depend on optimisation of oxygen saturation, nutrition, and normalisation of concentrations of essential factors such as insulin-like growth factor 1 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, as well as curbing of the effects of infection and inflammation to promote normal growth and limit suppression of neurovascular development.
Lipid-Free Parenteral Nutrition Is Associated with an Increased Risk of Hepatic Dysfunction in Surgical Critically Ill Patients: A Retrospective Observational Study; To evaluate the effects of lipid-free parenteral nutrition (PN) and various intravenous fat emulsions (IVFEs) on hepatic function in surgical critically ill trauma/acute care surgery patients. We retrospectively reviewed trauma/acute care surgery patients without admission hepatic disorder that received PN. The PN groups include lipid-free, soybean oil/medium-chain triglyceride, olive oil-based, and fish-oil contained PN. We excluded patients with (1) age <18 years, (2) without surgery, (3) preexisting liver injury/diseases, (4) hyperbilirubinemia at admission, (5) received more than one type of PN, and (6) repeated ICU episodes in the same hospitalization. Hepatic dysfunction was considered as serum total-bilirubin >6.0 mg/dL. The demographics, severity score, comorbidities, blood stream infection, and mortality were collected for analyses. The major outcome is hepatic function. We also performed analyses stratified by separated lipid doses (g/kg/day). A total of 249 patients were enrolled. There were no demographic differences among groups. The lipid-free PN group had a higher incidence of hepatic dysfunction and mortality. Compared to the lipid-free group, the other three IVFEs had significantly lower risks of hepatic dysfunction, while the olive oil-based group had a significantly lower risk of 30 and 90-day mortality. After being stratified by separating lipid doses, the soybean oils showed a decreasing trend of hepatic dysfunction and mortality with increased dosage. Fish oil >0.05 g/kg/day was associated with lower hepatic dysfunction incidences. Our findings suggest that, when compared to IVFEs, surgical critically ill patients with trauma/acute care surgery that received lipid-free PN are associated with an increased risk of hepatic dysfunction. In addition, the olive oil-based group had a significantly lower risk of mortality, while fish oil >0.05 g/kg/day was associated with lower incidences of hepatic dysfunction; however, further studies are warranted.
Boosting Inflammation Resolution in Atherosclerosis <i>The Next Frontier for Therapy</i>; Defective inflammation resolution is the underlying cause of prevalent chronic inflammatory diseases, such as arthritis, asthma, cancer, and neurodegenerative and cardiovascular diseases. Inflammation resolution is governed by several endogenous factors, including fatty acid derived specialized pro resolving mediators and proteins, such as annexin A1. Specifically, specialized proresolving mediators comprise a family of mediators that include arachidonic acid-derived lipoxins, omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid-derived resolvins, docosahexaenoic acid-derived resolvins, protectins, and maresins. Emerging evidence indicates that imbalances between specialized proresolving mediators and proinflammatory mediators are associated with several prevalent human diseases, including atherosclerosis. Mechanisms that drive this imbalance remain largely unknown and will be discussed in this review. Furthermore, the concept of dysregulated inflammation resolution in atherosclerosis has been known for several decades. Recently, there has been an explosion of new work with regard to the therapeutic application of proresolving ligands in experimental atherosclerosis. Therefore, this review will highlight recent advances in our understanding of how inflammation resolution may become defective in atherosclerosis and the potential for proresolving therapeutics in atherosclerosis. Last, we offer insight for future implications of the field.
Effect of Fatty Acids on Human Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cell Energy Metabolism and Survival; Successful stem cell therapy requires the optimal proliferation, engraftment, and differentiation of stem cells into the desired cell lineage of tissues. However, stem cell therapy clinical trials to date have had limited success, suggesting that a better understanding of stem cell biology is needed. This includes a better understanding of stem cell energy metabolism because of the importance of energy metabolism in stem cell proliferation and differentiation. We report here the first direct evidence that human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cell (BMMSC) energy metabolism is highly glycolytic with low rates of mitochondrial oxidative metabolism. The contribution of glycolysis to ATP production is greater than 97% in undifferentiated BMMSCs, while glucose and fatty acid oxidation combined only contribute 3% of ATP production. We also assessed the effect of physiological levels of fatty acids on human BMMSC survival and energy metabolism. We found that the saturated fatty acid palmitate induces BMMSC apoptosis and decreases proliferation, an effect prevented by the unsaturated fatty acid oleate. Interestingly, chronic exposure of human BMMSCs to physiological levels of palmitate (for 24 hr) reduces palmitate oxidation rates. This decrease in palmitate oxidation is prevented by chronic exposure of the BMMSCs to oleate. These results suggest that reducing saturated fatty acid oxidation can decrease human BMMSC proliferation and cause cell death. These results also suggest that saturated fatty acids may be involved in the long-term impairment of BMMSC survival in vivo.
Production of low-cholesterol butter with <i>Lacticaseibacillus paracasei</i> immobilized in calcium-alginate beads; This study focused on the application of three strains of Lacticaseibacillus paracasei to assimilate cholesterol in cream and butter. The strains were enclosed in calcium-alginate beads and incubated in cream at 30 degrees C for 15 h. Immobilization of lactobacilli cultures in calcium-alginate beads resulted in a 23% reduction in cholesterol (p < 0.05) in cream, whereas a negligible reduction was observed in cream fermented with free cells. Butter with a 44% reduction in cholesterol was produced from fermented cream by L. paracasei L2A21K5 entrapped in alginate beads. No significant (p > 0.05) changes in the fatty acid profile were observed in the low-cholesterol butter, except for a slight but significant increase in n-3 fatty acids (p < 0.05). In addition, the indices of atherogenicity and thrombogenicity were significantly reduced in the low-cholesterol butter (p < 0.05). Panelists rated the low-cholesterol butter as good in appearance, consistency, and flavor.
The Electrophile Responsive Proteome: Integrating Proteomics and Lipidomics with Cellular Function; Significance: The process of lipid peroxidation is emerging as an important mechanism that mediates the post-translational modification of proteins. Through advanced analytical techniques, lipidomics is now emerging as a critical factor in our understanding of the pathology of a broad range of diseases. Recent Advances: During enzymatic or nonenzymatic lipid peroxidation, the simple structure of an unsaturated fatty acid is converted to an oxylipidome, many members of which are electrophilic and form the reactive lipid species (RLS). This aspect of lipid biology is particularly important, as it directly connects lipidomics with proteomics through the post-translational modification of a sub-proteome in the cell. This arises, because the electrophilic members of the oxylipidome react with proteins at nucleophilic amino-acid residues and so change their structure and function to form electrophile-responsive proteomes (ERP). Critical Issues: Biological systems have relatively few but well-defined and mechanistically distinct pro-oxidant pathways generating RLS. Defining the ERPs and the mechanisms underlying their formation and action has been a major focus for the field of lipidomics and redox signaling. Future Directions: We propose that a unique oxylipidome can be defined for specific oxidants and will predict the biological responses through the reaction with proteins to form a specific ERP. In this review, we will describe the ERPs that modulate antioxidant and anti-inflammatory protective pathways, including the activation of Keap1/Nrf2 and the promotion of cell death through interactions with mitochondria. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 17, 1580-1589.
Revisiting Tumors and the Cardiovascular System: Mechanistic Intersections and Divergences in Ferroptosis; Ferroptosis was recently identified as an iron-dependent regulatory necrosis process mediated by polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) peroxidation. The pivotal events related to oxidative stress in ferroptosis include direct or indirect glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) inhibition, ferrous iron overload, and lipid peroxidation. The links between ferroptosis and multiple pathological processes including tumor and cardiovascular system disease have become increasingly apparent, and the mechanisms and compounds involved in ferroptosis, such as reduction of coenzyme Q(10)(ubiquinone/CoQ(10)), are gradually emerging. Current reports have revealed crossroads between ferroptosis and other multiple responses. This overview of the current research illuminates the mechanisms involving ferroptosis-related compounds and emphasizes the crosstalk between ferroptosis and other responses, including mitochondrial damage, endoplasmic reticulum stress (ER stress), autophagy, and the release of damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs), to reveal the intersections of regulatory mechanisms. This review also outlines the discovery, characterization, and pathological relevance of ferroptosis and notes controversial elements in ferroptosis-related mechanisms, such as nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), sequestosome 1 (p62/SQSTM1), and heat shock protein family A member 5 (HSPA5). We hope our inferences will supply a partial reference for disorder prevention and treatment.
Retinopathy of Prematurity: Therapeutic Strategies Based on Pathophysiology; Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) continues to be a major preventable cause of blindness and visual handicaps globally. With improved perinatal care, improved survival of moderately preterm infants, and limited resources for oxygen delivery and monitoring, more mature preterm infants are developing severe ROP in developing countries. The pathophysiology of ROP is characterized by two phases. Phase I ROP is due to vaso-obliteration beginning immediately after birth secondary, to a marked decrease in vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1). Phase II begins around 33 weeks' postmenstrual age (PMA). During this phase, VEGF levels increase, especially if there is retinal hypoxia with increasing retinal metabolism and demand for oxygen leading to abnormal vasoproliferation. Since the original description of ROP in 1942 by Terry et al. [Am J Ophthalmol 1942;25:203-204], four epidemics of ROP have been observed. Prevention or early treatment of ROP involves careful titration of oxygen saturation by pulse oximeter (SpO(2)). Optimal SpO(2) target remains elusive. Most of the large trials have focused on either a low SpO(2) (85-89%) or a high SpO(2) (91-95%) from the first day of birth to 36 weeks' PMA. Although the incidence of severe ROP and bronchopulmonary dysplasia decreased significantly, predischarge mortality was higher in these studies. Use of graded SpO(2) during the 2 different phases of ROP (early, low SpO(2) during phase I vs. late, high SpO(2) during phase II) may be the best approach to prevent this disabling condition. Further trials should focus on this strategy. Other biological agents that are currently being studied include IGF-1 with IGF-binding protein-3 (rhIGF-1 + rhIGFBP-3) and propranolol. For advanced stages of ROP, laser ablation of avascular retina, early treatment of ROP (ETROP) protocol, intravitreal injection of anti-VEGF antibodies (e.g. bevacizumab) and vitrectomy are used to protect central vision and prevent retinal detachment. Long-term complications such as refractory errors, recurrence of ROP and risk of retinal detachment require continued follow-up with an ophthalmologist through adolescence and beyond. Optimal nutrition including adequate intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and decreasing infection/inflammation to promote normal vascularization are important strategies. Screening guidelines for ROP based on local incidence of ROP in different regions of the world are very important. Oxygen therapy is clearly a modifiable risk factor to decrease ROP that needs further study. Understanding the two phases of ROP will help to identify appropriate therapeutic strategies and improve visual outcomes in many preterm infants globally. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Influence of apolipoprotein-E phenotypes on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism after three different fat loads; aim of this study was to evaluate the postprandial response to three fat-loading tests in healthy subjects with different apolipoprotein E (apoE) phenotypes. Thirty-four subjects were studied: 15 with apoE3/3 (7 men and 8 women), 12 with apoE4/3 (5 men and 7 women), and 7 with apoE2/3 (4 men and 3 women). All received three oral fat loads at 1-wk intervals in meals rich in monounsaturated fatty acid, polyunsaturated fatty acid, and saturated fatty acid, with retinyl palmitate (60000 IU/m(2) of aqueous vitamin A) to quantify lipoproteins secreted by the intestine. No significant differences in postprandial lipoproteins were found between the three different fat loads. Peaks and incremental areas under the curve of retinyl palmitate in non-chylomicron fractions were higher in the apoE2/3- than in the apoE3/3- and apoE4/3-phenotype groups in meals rich in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids (P < 0.5). When the three fat loads were analyzed together, the incremental area under the curve of retinyl palmitate was much higher in the apoE2/3- than in the other apoE-phenotype groups (P = 0.0004). In conclusion, the magnitude of intestinal lipoproteins after fat load, especially with monosaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, is higher in subjects with apoE2/3 than in those with apoE3/3 and apoE4/3 phenotype. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 2001.
Relationship between dietary macronutrients intake and biological aging: a cross-sectional analysis of NHANES data; Purpose This study aimed to investigate the association between macronutrient intake and biological age.Methods Data were collected from 26,381 adults who participated in the United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Two biological ages were estimated using the Klemera-Doubal method (KDM) and PhenoAge algorithms. Biological age acceleration (AA) was computed as the difference between biological age and chronological age. The associations between macronutrient intakes and AA were investigated.Results After fully adjusting for confounding factors, negative associations were observed between AA and fiber intake (KDM-AA: beta - 0.53, 95% CI - 0.62, - 0.43, P < 0.05; PhenoAge acceleration: beta - 0.30, 95% CI - 0.35, - 0.25, P < 0.05). High-quality carbohydrate intake was associated with decreased AA (KDM-AA: beta - 0.57, 95% CI - 0.67, - 0.47, P < 0.05; PhenoAge acceleration: beta - 0.32, 95% CI - 0.37, - 0.26, P < 0.05), while low-quality carbohydrate was associated with increased AA (KDM-AA: beta 0.30, 95% CI 0.21, 0.38, P < 0.05; PhenoAge acceleration: beta 0.16, 95% CI 0.11, 0.21, P < 0.05). Plant protein was associated with decreased AA (KDM-AA: beta - 0.39, 95% CI - 0.51, - 0.27, P < 0.05; PhenoAge acceleration: beta - 0.21, 95% CI - 0.26, - 0.15, P < 0.05). Long-chain SFA intake increased AA (KDM-AA: beta 0.16, 95% CI 0.08, 0.24, P < 0.05; PhenoAge acceleration: beta 0.11, 95% CI 0.07, 0.15, P < 0.05). omega-3 PUFA was associated with decreased KDM-AA (beta - 0.18, 95% CI - 0.27, - 0.08, P < 0.05) and PhenoAge acceleration (beta - 0.09, 95% CI - 0.13, - 0.04, P < 0.05).Conclusion Our findings suggest that dietary fiber, high-quality carbohydrate, plant protein, and omega-3 PUFA intake may have a protective effect against AA, while low-quality carbohydrate and long-chain SFA intake may increase AA. Therefore, dietary interventions aimed at modifying macronutrient intakes may be useful in preventing or delaying age-related disease and improving overall health.
Fatty acid desaturase 2 is up-regulated by the treatment with statin through geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate-dependent Rho kinase pathway in HepG2 cells; Statins have been reported to increase the plasma concentration of arachidonic acid (AA), an omega-6 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) in several clinical studies indicating that statins affect the endogenous synthesis of LCUFAs. In the present study, we investigated the roles of the intrinsic mevalonate cascade and Rho-dependent pathway in LCPUFA synthesis, especially focusing on fatty acid desaturases (Fads) 2, using the human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line HepG2. Cell number and the activity of caspase-3 and 7 (caspase-3/7) was measured using a commercial kit. Gene expression was analyzed by quantitative real-time PCR. Protein expression was detected by Western blot analysis. Atorvastatin decreased cell viability and increased caspase-3/7 activity in a dose-dependent manner. At lower concentrations, atorvastatin stimulated both mRNA and protein expression of Fads2, and increased mRNA expression of FADS1 and ELVOL5. Both mevalonate and geranylgeranyl-pyrophosphate (GGPP), but not cholesterol, fully reversed atorvastatin-induced upregulation of Fads2, and mevalonate-effected reversal was inhibited by treatment with the Rho-associated protein kinase inhibitor Y-27632. These data clearly demonstrated that in human HepG2 cells, statins affect the endogenous synthesis of LCPUFAs by regulation of not only Fads2, but also Fads1 and Elovl5, through the GGPP-dependent Rho kinase pathway.
Sulfadiazine Sodium Ameliorates the Metabolomic Perturbation in Mice Infected with <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i>; In this study, we analyzed the global metabolomic changes associated with Toxoplasma gondii infection in mice in the presence or absence of sulfadiazine sodium (SDZ) treatment. BALB/c mice were infected with T. gondii GT1 strain and treated orally with SDZ (250 mu g/ml in water) for 12 consecutive days. Mice showed typical manifestations of illness at 20 days postinfection (dpi); by 30 dpi, 20% had survived and developed latent infection. We used ultraperformance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry to profile the serum metabolomes in control (untreated and uninfected) mice, acutely infected mice, and SDZ-treated and infected mice. Infection induced significant perturbations in the metabolism of a-linolenic acid, purine, pyrimidine, arginine, tryptophan, valine, glycerophos-pholipids, and fatty acyls. However, treatment with SDZ seemed to alleviate the serum metabolic alterations caused by infection. The restoration of the serum metabolite levels in the treated mice was associated with better clinical outcomes. These data indicate that untargeted metabolomics can reveal biochemical pathways associated with restoration of the metabolic status of T. gondii-infected mice following SDZ treatment and could be used to monitor responses to SDZ treatment. This study provides a new systems approach to elucidate the metabolic and therapeutic effects of SDZ in the context of murine toxoplasmosis.
RETRACTED: Why Fish Oil Fails: A Comprehensive 21st Century Lipids-Based Physiologic Analysis (Retracted Article); The medical community suffered three significant fish oil failures/setbacks in 2013. Claims that fish oil's EPA/DHA would stop the progression of heart disease were crushed when The Risk and Prevention Study Collaborative Group (Italy) released a conclusive negative finding regarding fish oil for those patients with high risk factors but no previous myocardial infarction. Fish oil failed in all measures of CVD prevention-both primary and secondary. Another major 2013 setback occurred when fish oil's DHA was shown to significantly increase prostate cancer in men, in particular, high-grade prostate cancer, in the Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial (SELECT) analysis by Brasky et al. Another monumental failure occurred in 2013 whereby fish oil's EPA/DHA failed to improve macular degeneration. In 2010, fish oil's EPA/DHA failed to help Alzheimer's victims, even those with low DHA levels. These are by no means isolated failures. The promise of fish oil and its so-called active ingredients EPA/DHA fails time and time again in clinical trials. This lipids-based physiologic review will explain precisely why there should have never been expectation for success. This review will focus on underpublicized lipid science with a focus on physiology.
Compositional Analysis of Walnut Lipid Extracts and Properties as an Anti-cancer Stem Cell Regulator via Suppression of the Self-renewal Capacity; Colon cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Effects of walnut (Juglans regia L.) lipid extracts (WLEs) on the self-renewal capacity of cancer stem cells (CSCs) in colon cancer were investigated. The dominant component of WLEs was alpha-linoleic acid (64.6%), followed by a-linolenic acid (14.6%), and oleic acid (12.6%). A higher concentration of gamma-tocopherol (37.1%) was also present than of alpha-tocopherol (0.6%). CD133(+)CD44(+)CSCs treated with WLEs showed inhibition of colony formation and sphere formation, indicating a decrease in the self-renewal capacity. Treatment with WLEs also resulted in down-regulation of protein levels, including Notch1, phospho-GSK3 beta (p-GSK3 beta), and beta-catenin, which are associated with CSCs and the self-renewing capacity. WLEs rich in essential fatty acids and gamma-tocopherol can exert therapeutic actions on colon cancer via targeting of CSCs.
Response of the senescent heart to stress - Clinical therapeutic strategies and quest for mitochondrial predictors of biological age; The aging heart has an impaired response to many kinds of stress. In clinical practice, there is a need for senescence-specific therapies to protect against stress and for biochemical markers of senescence to identify those patients most in need of therapy. In isolated rat hearts, in human tissues, and in a clinical trial, we have shown previously that coenzyme Q(10) has the ability to protect the heart against stress especially in senescence. We recently have devised a regimen of therapy to protect the senescent heart against stress, combining metabolic therapy (coenzyme Q(10), alpha lipoic acid, magnesium orotate, and omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids) with physical exercise and mental stress reduction. The preliminary results of this program are promising. In an endeavor to predict the likely response of individual senescent hearts to stress, we correlated the tissue load of mitochondrial DNA deletions and total cellular mitochondrial DNA copy number in human cardiac tissue with recovery of the same tissue from ischemia/reperfusion stress. We found that these mitochondrial markers actually were less predictive of impaired response to stress than age alone. We conclude that the aging heart has a diminished capacity to recover from stress that is not readily predictable by cardiac content of intact mitochondrial DNA and that this recovery can be improved by metabolic therapy combined with physical exercise and mental stress reduction.
Association of energy and fat intake with prostate carcinoma risk -: <i>Results from the Netherlands Cohort Study</i>; BACKGROUND. The roles of energy and fat intake as risk factors for prostate carcinoma are still questionable. Therefore, these factors were evaluated in the Netherlands Cohort Study described in this article.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and incidence of end-stage renal disease in the Southern Community Cohort Study; Background: Whether polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are associated with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in populations with a high burden of risk factors for kidney disease is unknown. We sought to determine whether PUFA intake is associated with ESRD.
Inhibition of Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase by <i>trans</i>-4-[4-(3-adamantan-1-yl-ureido)-cyclohexyloxy]-benzoic acid Is Protective Against Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury; Arachidonic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, can be metabolized to cardioprotective epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) by cytochrome P450 epoxygenases, which are subsequently hydrolyzed to less bioactive dihydroxyeicosatrienoic acids by soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH). To study the effects of pharmacological inhibitor of sEH (sEHi), C57BL6 mice hearts were perfused in Langendorff mode for 40 minutes of baseline and Subjected to 30 minutes of global no-flow ischemia followed by 40 Minutes of reperfusion. Hearts were perfused with the sEHi, trans-4-[4-(3-adamantan-1-yl-ureido)-cyclohexyloxy]-benzoic acid (t-AUCB; 0.05, 0.1, 0.5, and 1 mu M). To study the mechanism(s), hearts were perfused with 0.1 mu M t-AUCB in the presence or absence Of putative EET receptor antagonist 14,15-epoxyeicosa-5(Z)-enoic acid (10 mu M) or phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitors wortmannin (200 nM) or LY294002 (5 mu M). Infarct size was determined at the end of 2-hour reperfusion by 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium chloride staining. Inhibition of sEH by t-AUCB significantly improved postischemic left ventricular developed pressure (LVDP) recovery and reduced the infarct size after ischemia and reperfusion, as compared with control hearts. Perfusion with 14,15-epoxyeicosa-5(Z)-enoic acid, wortmannin or LY294002 before ischemia abolished the cardioprotective phenotype; however, coperfusion of both t-AUCB and 11, 12-EET did not result in an additive effect oil improved LVDP recovery. Together, our data Suggest that pharmacological inhibition of sEH by t-AUCB is cardioprotective.
The scientific evidence for a beneficial health relationship between walnuts and coronary heart disease; The author and four independent experts evaluated the intent and quality of scientific evidence for a potential beneficial health relationship between the intake of walnuts and the reduction and prevention of coronary heart disease. The report also addresses the supporting evidence for the health benefit of other tree nuts and selected legumes. Compared to most other nuts, which contain monounsaturated fatty acids, walnuts are unique because they are rich in n-6 (linoleate) and n-3 (linolenate) polyunsaturated fatty acids. Walnuts contain multiple health-beneficial components, such as having a low lysine:arginine ratio and high levels of arginine, folate, fiber, tannins, and polyphenols. Though walnuts are energy rich, clinical dietary intervention studies show that walnut consumption does not cause a net gain in body weight when eaten as a replacement food. Five controlled, peer-reviewed, human clinical walnut intervention trials, involving approximately 200 subjects representative of the 51% of the adult population in the United States at risk of coronary heart disease were reviewed. The intervention trials consistently demonstrated walnuts as part of a heart-healthy diet, lower blood cholesterol concentrations. None of these studies were of extended duration that would be essential for evaluation of the sustainability of the observed outcomes. These results were supported by several large prospective observational studies in humans, all demonstrating a dose response-related inverse association of the relative risk of coronary heart disease with the frequent daily consumption of small amounts of nuts, including walnuts.
Eating fish may reduce infarct size and the occurrence of Q wave infarcts; Objective: The present investigation was carried out to see whether intake of fish could influence infarct size as assessed by peak enzyme levels (CKmax and LDmax) as well as the occurrence of Q wave infarcts. Design: The investigation was a prospectively planned cohort study,
Improvements in markers of inflammation and coagulation potential following a 5-day high-fat diet rich in cottonseed oil vs. Olive oil in healthy males; Low-grade inflammation is believed to be a risk factor for chronic diseases and is nutritionally responsive. Cottonseed oil (CSO), which is rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fats, has been shown to lower cholesterol and other chronic disease risk factors. The purpose of this secondary analysis was to determine the comparative responses of markers of inflammation and coagulation potential of healthy adult males consuming diets rich in CSO vs. olive oil (OO). Methods: Fifteen normal-weight males, ages 21.7 +/- 2.58y, completed a randomized crossover trial. Each intervention consisted of a 3-day lead-in diet and a 5-day outpatient, controlled feeding intervention (CSO or OO). There was a 2 to 4-week washout period between interventions. The 5-day intervention diets were 35 % carbohydrate, 15 % protein, and 50 % fat, enriched with either CSO or OO (44 % of total energy from oil). At pre- and post- diet intervention visits, a fasting blood draw was collected for analysis of markers of inflammation (Tumor Necrosis Factor Alpha (TNF-alpha), Interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-Reactive Protein (CRP)) and coagulation potential (Tissue Factor (TF), Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)). Results: The CSO-enriched diets reduced TNF-alpha (CSO: -0.12 +/- 0.02 pg/ml, OO: -0.01 +/- 0.05 pg/ml; p < 0.01) and TF (CSO: -0.59 +/- 0.68 pg/ml, OO: 1.13 +/- 0.83 pg/ml; p = 0.02) compared to OO diets. There were no differences in IL-6, CRP, or PAI-1 between diets. Conclusion: A 5-day, CSO-enriched diet may be sufficient to reduce inflammation and coagulation potential compared to OO-enriched diets in a healthy male population which could have implications in chronic disease prevention.
Secondary hypertriglyceridemia in children and adolescents; Secondary dyslipidemia with predominant hypertriglyceridemia may occur as a consequence of both common and rare causes. After accounting for obesity and associated insulin resistance, clinicians should carefully consider other contributing factors and conditions. Genetic background and causative factors prevail during gestation, infancy, and childhood and continue in adults. Elevations in triglyceride (TG) are associated with transfer of TG to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) resulting in lipolysis, HDL degradation, and formation of atherogenic LDL particles. Defining and treating the underlying cause is the first step toward restoring the lipids and lipoproteins to normal, especially in cases with severe hypertriglyceridemia, who are at risk for acute pancreatitis. Disorders involving the liver, kidney, endocrine, and immune systems and medications need to be considered. Rare diseases such as lipodystrophy and glycogen storage disease are particularly challenging, and there have been promising new developments. Treatment depends on the severity; prevention of acute pancreatitis being a priority in severe cases and lifestyle modification being a foundation for general management followed by targeting TG and predictors of coronary artery disease such as LDL cholesterol and non HDL cholesterol, when they exceed cutpoints. (c) 2015 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Milk fat in human nutrition; Milk fat contains a number of components of nutritional significance. The first section of the review outlines the composition, structure and certain biochemical and physiological characteristics of these components. In recent times the nutritional image of milk fat has suffered adversely because of the association of saturated fat and cholesterol with coronary heart disease. The various elements that are used to justify this 'lipid-heart disease' hypothesis are discussed and the strength of the evidence is assessed. Contrary evidence, which is mostly overlooked in authoritative reviews, is presented. Trans fatty acid consumption is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease; however, the associations generally do not apply to trans acids of animal origin. These acids are mainly vaccenic and rumenic, acids that may possess anti-atherogenic properties. Other health related benefits for rumenic acid, particularly its role in the prevention of mammary tumorigenesis are outlined. Milk fat contains other potential anticancer agents such as sphingomyelin and other sphingolipids, butyric acid, 13-methyltetradecanoic acid, ether lipids and vitamin A. Pasture-derived compounds like beta-carotene, beta-ionone, gossypol and phytol may also help prevent cancer. Finally, the review discusses the antimicrobial action of milk fat and its role in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, bone growth, ulcerogenesis, and energy metabolism.
Characterizing Diversity Based on the Chemical and Nutritional Composition of Shiitake Culinary-Medicinal Mushroom <i>Lentinula</i> <i>edodes</i> (Agaricomycetes) Commonly Cultivated in China; A comparative study was carried out on the chemical composition and nutritional value of six cultivated Lentinula edodes strains that are widely appreciated in China. The results demonstrated that all investigated L. edodes were good sources of protein (14.87%-27.13%), carbohydrates (62.03%-75.56%), and dietary fiber (35.88%-42.49%) and had low ash (5.24%-6.38%) and low fat (0.80%-1.70%) content. There were significant differences among different cultivars. Shenxiang 215 had high crude protein and dietary fiber contents. Potassium was the most abundant mineral element, followed by phosphorus. Different cultivars exhibited distinct fatty acid compositions and free amino acid profiles. Shenxiang 215 had high essential amino acid content. Polyunsaturated fatty acids were predominant in cultivars 0912, Huxiang F4, and Huxiang F2; however, monounsaturated fatty acids were predominant in other strains. Cultivar 0912 had a better mineral and polyunsaturated fatty acid profile. The amino acid profile and protein quality were systematically investigated referring to the latest version of international amino acid reference patterns, including the amino acid score, ratio coefficient of amino acid, ratio coefficient score of amino acid, essential amino acid index, and protein digestibility- corrected amino acid score. The results demonstrated that Shenxiang 18 had better protein quality. These findings provide a reference for breeders to select parents for directional quality breeding.
Changes in Erythrocyte Membrane <i>Trans</i> and Marine Fatty Acids between 1999 and 2006 in Older Americans; Over the last several years, national programs to lower the content of industrially produced (IP) C18:1 and C18:2 trans fatty acids in foods have been implemented, but whether this has resulted in lower blood trans fatty acid levels is unknown. Likewise, an increased perception of the health benefits of fish oils rich in EPA and DHA may have resulted in an increase in consumption and blood levels of these fatty acids. To explore these issues, we analyzed the changes in RBC fatty acid composition between the 7th (1998-2001) and 8th (2005-2007) examination cycles in a random sample of the Framingham Offspring cohort. This was a retrospective cohort study of 291 participants from whom blood was drawn at both examinations and for whom complete covariate data were available. Overall, the proportion of trans fatty acids in RBC changed by -23% (95% Cl: -26 to -21%). RBC EPA+DHA proportions increased by 41% (95% Cl: 31 to 52%) in 38 individuals who were taking fish oil supplements at examination 8, but in 253 participants not taking fish oil, the proportion of RBC EPA+DHA did not change. In conclusion, in a random subsample of Framingham Offspring participants with serial observations over 6.7 y, the proportion of trans fatty acids in RBC decreased. Those of EPA+DHA increased in people taking fish oil supplements. These changes could potentially translate into a lower risk for cardiovascular disease. J. Nutr. 142: 1297-1303, 2012.
Effect of cytochrome <i>c</i> on the linoleic acid-degrading activity of porcine leukocyte 12-lipoxygenase; Hemoproteins are known to have quasilipoxygenase activity that converts linoleic acid (LA) to its hydroperoxides. However, it is not still clear whether, like lipoxygenases, hemoproteins can produce LA hydroperoxides when the LA is part of a mixture containing many different saturated and unsaturated fatty acids. In this study, we found that such hemoprotein as cytochrome c (Cyt c) did not produce LA hydroperoxides from the phospholipase A(2) (PL-A(2)) hydrolysis products of egg yolk phosphatidylcholine (PC). We also found that traces of hydroperoxides and a high concentration of the target unsaturated fatty acid (LA) needs to be present in a fatty acid mixture before the quasi-lipoxygenase activity of Cyt c becomes apparent. We also attempted to elucidate how Cyt c interact with porcine leukocyte 12-lipoxygenase (12-LOX). Hemoproteins are known to possess pseudo-lipohydroperoxidase activity, and can remove the hydroperoxides of unsaturated fatty acids from a reaction mixture. However, we found that Cyt c catalyzed the reaction by which hydroperoxides degrade LA, and thus enhanced the LA-degrading activity of 12-LOX. This hemoprotein-induced promotion of the ability of 12-LOX to degrade LA was observed even when the reaction mixture contained many different saturated and unsaturated fatty acids. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Prevents Memory Impairment After Ischemia by Inhibiting Inflammatory Response and Oxidative Damage; Previous studies have demonstrated that the generation of reactive oxygen species and an excessive inflammatory reaction are involved in the progression of neural damage following brain ischemia. In this study, we focused on the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Gerbils were treated intraperitoneally with 500 mg/kg of EPA ethyl for 4 weeks until the day of forebrain ischemia, which was induced by occluding the bilateral common carotid artery for 5 minutes. In the first part of the 2-part experiment, the effect of EPA treatment was evaluated using hematoxylin and eosin staining and deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick-end labeling as a marker of cell death (n = 3 per group). The inflammatory reaction was evaluated using anti-Iba1 immunohistochemistry, a marker of microglial activation (n = 3 per group), and detection of 8-hydroxyl-2'-deoxyguanosine, a marker of oxidative DNA damage (n = 4 per group). In the second part of the experiment, the effect of EPA treatment on memory function was examined using an 8-arm radial maze (n = 6 per group). EPA treatment significantly inhibited DNA oxidative damage (P < .05) and accumulation of Iba1-positive cells in the CA1 area at 12 and 72 hours after the induction of ischemia, and also decreased apoptotic neurons and neuronal death (P < .001) at 72 hours after ischemia. EPA treatment also significantly improved memory function (P < .05). These findings suggest that EPA inhibits the inflammatory reaction and oxidative damage occurring after ischemic brain injury, and also may contribute to the prevention of neural damage and memory impairment following such injury.
Larvicidal activity and possible mode of action of four flavonoids and two fatty acids identified in <i>Millettia pinnata</i> seed toward three mosquito species; Background: Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus and Culex pipiens pallens mosquitoes transmit dengue fever and West Nile virus diseases, respectively. This study was conducted to determine the toxicity and mechanism of action of four flavonoids and two fatty acids from Millettia pinnata (Fabaceae) seed as well as six pure fatty acids and four fatty acid esters toward third instar larvae from insecticide-susceptible C. pipiens pallens and A. aegypti as well as wild A. albopictus. Efficacy of 12 experimental liquid formulations containing M. pinnata seed methanol extract and hydrodistillate (0.5-10.0% liquids) was also assessed.
Lipid profiling of human diabetic myocardium reveals differences in triglyceride fatty acyl chain length and degree of saturation; Background: Type 2 diabetes is a major health problem in the world, and is strongly associated with impaired cardiac function and increased mortality. The causal relationship between type 2 diabetes and impaired cardiac function is still incompletely understood but changes in the cardiac lipid metabolism are believed to be a contributing factor. The objective of this study was to determine the lipid profile in human myocardial biopsies collected in vivo from patients with type 2 diabetes and compare to non-diabetic controls.
Should immunonutrition become routine in critically ill patients? A systematic review of the evidence; Context Several nutrients have been shown to influence immunologic and inflammatory responses in humans. Whether these effects translate into an improvement in clinical outcomes in critically ill patients remains unclear.
Analysis of the Fatty Acid Profile of the Tissues of Hunted Mallard Ducks (<i>Anas platyrhynchos</i> L.) from Poland; Simple Summary The contemporary human diet contains many times more saturated fatty acids than that of our Palaeolithic ancestors, and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is nearly 20 times higher. Lifestyle changes and an unsuitable diet have led to the rapid development of civilization diseases and sudden deaths. This is clearly evident to contemporary consumers, who look for foods produced with respect for the natural environment, which also have an original flavor and health-promoting properties, such as game meat. The aim of the study was to analyse the fatty acid profile of selected tissues of mallard ducks (Anas platyrhynchos L.), in relation to where they were obtained and their sex, with regard to the human diet. The study was carried out on material obtained from mallard ducks from two study areas: the Siedlce hunting district and the Leszno hunting district. The research material was the breast and leg muscles of 28 mallards. The samples were frozen and stored at -20 degrees C. The fatty acid profiles in the biological samples were determined by selected ion recording (SIR). The results showed significantly (p < 0.05) lower average levels of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and significantly higher (p < 0.05) average levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), n-6 PUFAs, and n-3 PUFAs in the breast muscles of the mallards obtained in the Siedlce hunting district. This in conjunction with the higher (p < 0.05) hypocholesterolaemic/hypercholesterolaemic index (h/H) in the leg muscles and lower (p < 0.05) atherogenic and thrombogenic indices (AI and TI) in the leg and breast muscles of mallards in the Siedlce hunting district indicate the higher health-promoting value of the meat of ducks from this region. The average n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in the breast muscles was significantly (p < 0.05) higher in mallards obtained in the Leszno hunting district. Males of the species had a significantly (p < 0.05) higher average n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in the breast muscles than females. The PUFA/SFA ratio was significantly (p < 0.05) higher in the leg muscles of the female mallards than in the males.
Phytochemicals with potential effects in metabolic syndrome prevention and therapy; Metabolic syndrome represents a clustering of risk factors related to an elevated danger of cardiovascular diseases and type 2. diabetes. The high incidence of obesity, the key risk factor in metabolic syndrome, and the lack of safe pharmaceutical agents have fuelled an increase in research related to anti-metabolic syndrome drugs. Phytochemicals have biological properties such as antioxidant, modulation of detoxification enzymes, stimulation of the immune system. reduction of platelet aggregation and modulation of hormone metabolism. These compounds include vitamins. comprising of vitamin C, D and E, flavonoids, phenolic acids, omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. Furthermore, the latest discoveries and studies on the molecular mechanism of these phytochemicals suggested their potential positive effect in the prevention and treatment of obesity and other risk factors associated with the metabolic syndrome. They should be incorporated in food ingredients, dietary supplements, or drug preparations. The main focus of this article is to review the available information on various aspects of phytochemicals, with special reference to their effectiveness in risk reduction of the metabolic syndrome and obesity-related diseases.
<i>Anemonia sulcata</i> and Its Symbiont <i>Symbiodinium</i> as a Source of Anti-Tumor and Anti-Oxidant Compounds for Colon Cancer Therapy: A Preliminary In Vitro Study; Simple Summary
Tissue invasion and metastasis: Molecular, biological and clinical perspectives; Cancer is a key health issue across the world, causing substantial patient morbidity and mortality. Patient prognosis is tightly linked with metastatic dissemination of the disease to distant sites, with metastatic diseases accounting for a vast percentage of cancer patient mortality. While advances in this area have been made, the process of cancer metastasis and the factors governing cancer spread and establishment at secondary locations is still poorly understood. The current article summarizes recent progress in this area of research, both in the understanding of the underlying biological processes and in the therapeutic strategies for the management of metastasis. This review lists the disruption of E-cadherin and tight junctions, key signaling pathways, including urokinase type plasminogen activator (uPA), phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/v-alct murine thymoma viral oncogene (PI3K/AKT), focal adhesion kinase (FAK), beta-catenin/zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1 (ZEB-1) and transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta), together with inactivation of activator protein-1 (AP-1) and suppression of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) activity as key targets and the use of phytochemicals, or natural products, such as those from Agaricus blazei, Albatrellus confluens, Cordyceps militaris, Ganoderma lucidum, Poria cocos and Silybum marianum, together with diet derived fatty acids gamma linolenic acid (GLA) and eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and inhibitory compounds as useful approaches to target tissue invasion and metastasis as well as other hallmark areas of cancer. Together, these strategies could represent new, inexpensive, low toxicity strategies to aid in. the management of cancer metastasis as well as having holistic effects against other cancer hallmarks. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd.
Meta-analysis of the effects of flaxseed interventions on blood lipids; Background: Several clinical trials have investigated the effects of flaxseed and flaxseed-derived products (flaxseed oil or lignans) on blood lipids; however, the findings have been inconsistent.
Induction of mitochondrial nitrative damage and cardiac dysfunction by chronic provision of dietary ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Increased awareness of obesity has led to a dietary shift toward "heart-friendly" vegetable oils containing omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-6 PUFA). In addition to its beneficial effects, w-6 PUFA also exhibits proinflammatory and prooxidative properties. We hypothesized that chronic dietary omega-6 PUFA can induce free radical generation, predisposing the cardiac mitochondria to oxidative damage. Male Wistar rats were fed a diet supplemented with 20% w/w sunflower oil, rich in omega-6 PUFA (HP) or normal laboratory chow (LP) for 4 weeks. HP feeding augmented phospholipase A, activity and breakdown of cardiolipin, a mitochondrial phospholipid. HP hearts also demonstrated elevated inducible nitric oxide synthase expression, loss of Mn superoxide dismutase, and increased mitochondrial nitrotyrosine levels. In these hearts, oxidative damage to mitochondrial DNA (mDNA) was demonstrated by 8-hydroxyguanosine immunopositivity, overexpression of DNA repair enzymes, and a decrease in the mRNA expression of specific respiratory subunits encoded by the mDNA. Functionally, at higher workloads, HP hearts also demonstrated a greater decline in cardiac work than LP, suggesting a compromised mitochondrial reserve. Our study, for the first time, demonstrates that consumption of a high fat diet rich in w-6 PUFA for only 4 weeks instigates mitochondrial nitrosative damage and causes cardiac dysfunction at high afterloads. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The relationship between fish consumption and the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes among smokers: The CARDIO2000 case-control study; Background and aim: We sought to investigate the relationship between fish consumption and the risk of developing non-fatal acute coronary syndromes (ACS) among current smokers.
The Mediterranean diet story illustrates that "why" questions are as important as "how" questions in disease explanation; The discovery of the cardioprotective properties of the Mediterranean diet is one of the great successes of epidemiology, and as a result elites around the globe now regularly consume Mediterranean products like olive oil. Although biochemical, clinical, and epidemiological studies have at least partly revealed how various components of this diet may protect the cardiovascular system, the reasons why this protection is conferred by a "Mediterranean" but not by many other European diets have not received so much attention. A plausible hypothesis is that, because of a combination of physico-geographical and socioeconomic circumstances, the variety of plant and animal food traditionally consumed by populations on the European shores of the Mediterranean Sea is relatively similar to that of the food available to the hunter-gatherers from whom we descend. Our organ systems have evolved to work optimally on such a diet, and have not had the chance to adapt to a diet containing, for example, more saturated fats and trans fatty acids, and less antioxidants and fiber. Understanding why the Mediterranean diet is cardioprotective is important for finding dietary solutions within the physico-geographical and socioeconomic constraints of the areas in which populations actually live, for example, by taking advantage of the cardioprotective properties of their traditional diets. This may in the longer run lead to a more sustainable approach to cardiovascular disease prevention. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Combined therapy in the treatment of dyslipidemia; This systematic review analyses the efficacy, tolerability and safety of combinations of different medicines used to treat dyslipidemias in clinical practice. A PubMed search up to January 2009, was conducted to identify relevant studies. Criteria used to identify studies included (1) English language, (2) published studies with original data or meta-analyses in peer-reviewed journals. Although statin treatment is a mainstay of dyslipidemia management today, complementary effects of other lipid-lowering and/or HDL-cholesterol-raising therapies might substantially increase the clinical benefits not only in the small minority of patients with severe dyslipidemias but in others as well. These therapies include combinations with bile acid sequestrants (cholestyramine, colestipol, colesevelam), ezetimibe, niacin, plant sterols, fibrates (fenofibrate, bezafibrate, gemfibrozil), and prescription omega-3 fatty acids. Therapeutic approaches which incorporate the use of multiple drugs combinations for dyslipidemia treatment should be more widely adopted since combination therapy might offer a means to increase the number of patients able to meet their lipoprotein goals according to the guidelines. However, it has to be stated that for most of these combination therapies data on cardiovascular outcomes are still lacking.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces dose dependent cell death in an early undifferentiated subtype of acute myeloid leukemia cell line; Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is the most frequently diagnosed adulthood leukemia, yet current therapies offer a cure rate of less than 30%. This may be due in part to the fact that the leukemia-initiating cells in AML reside within the rare and highly primitive CD34(+) CD38(-) hematopoietic stem/progenitor cell (HSC) population that are often resistant to chemotherapy. Docosahexanoic acid (DHA), a major component of fish oil, has previously been shown to inhibit the induction and progression of breast, prostate and colon cancer, and increase the therapeutic effects of numerous chemotherapeutics, often by enhancing apoptosis. In the present studies, we investigated DHA's effect on the primitive and undifferentiated AML cell line KG1a, to explore the potential of this fatty acid to serve as adjuvant therapy for AML. Treatment of KG1a cells with DHA for 96 hours did not lead to maturation or cell cycle modification when compared to an untreated KG1a control (n=4). However, DHA treatment of KG1a cells resulted in a progressive loss of viability, DNA fragmentation, and an increase in Annexin V expression, demonstrating DHA-induced apoptosis (n=4). Moreover, expression of the pro-apoptotic protein Bax was increased, with resultant skewing in the Bax/bcl-2 ratio, providing a mechanistic explanation for the observed DHA-induced increase in apoptosis. Since we also show that DHA does not have a detrimental effect on normal hematopoiesis our results suggest that DHA could potentially serve as an well-tolerated adjuvant in the treatment of AML patients.
Mediterranean diet and cancer risk; Various aspects of the Mediterranean diet are considered favourable with regard to cancer risk. These aspects were analysed using data from a series of case-control studies conducted in northern Italy between 1983 and 2001 on over 12 000 cases of 20 cancer sites and 10 000 controls. For most epithelial cancers, the risk decreased with increasing vegetable and fruit consumption, with odds ratios (OR) between 0.3 and 0.7 for the highest versus the lowest tertile. Subjects reporting frequent red meat intake showed ORs above unity for several common neoplasms. Conversely, fish (and consequently, n-3 fatty acids) tended to be another favourable dietary indicator. Wholegrain food intake was related to reduced risk of several types of cancer, particularly of the upper digestive tract, probably on account of its high fibre content. Fibres were in fact found to be protective with regard to colorectal and other selected cancers. In contrast to wholegrain, refined grain intake, and consequently glycaemic load, was associated with an increased risk of different types of cancer, including those of the upper digestive tract colorectum, breast and endometrium. These results thus suggest that a low-risk diet for cancer entails increasing vegetables and fruit, reducing meat but also refined carbohydrate consumption. Furthermore, olive oil and other unsaturated fats, which may be a unique common characteristic of the Mediterranean diet, should be preferred to animal and saturated fats. A score summarizing the major characteristics of the Mediterranean diet was inversely and consistently related to the risk of selected cancer sites. Regular consumption of pizza, one of the most typical Italian foods, showed a reduced risk of digestive tract cancers. Pizza could however simply be an indicator of a typical Italian diet. (C) 2004 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Blood and marrow transplantation and nutritional support; Introduction Undernourishment on hospital admission has been considered as risk factor for complications and increased relapse/nonrelapse mortality in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) patients.
Serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of atrial fibrillation: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Purpose N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), particularly linoleic acid (LA), have been associated with lower risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), but little is known about their antiarrhythmic properties. We investigated the association of the serum n-6 PUFAs with the risk of atrial fibrillation (AF), the most common type of cardiac arrhythmia. Methods The study included 2450 men from the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years at baseline. The total n-6 PUFA includes linoleic acid (LA), arachidonic acid (AA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA). Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate hazard ratio (HR) of incident events. Results During the mean follow-up of 22.4 years, 486 AF cases occurred. The multivariable-adjusted HR in the highest versus the lowest quartile of total serum n-6 PUFA concentration was 0.79 (95% CI 0.58-1.08, P trend = 0.04). When evaluated individually, only serum LA concentration was inversely associated with AF risk (multivariable-adjusted extreme-quartile HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.51-0.94, P trend = 0.02). These associations were stronger among the men without history of CHD or congestive heart failure at baseline, compared to men with such disease history (P for interaction = 0.05 for total n-6 PUFA and LA). Similar associations were observed with dietary LA and AA intakes. No significant associations were observed with serum AA, GLA or DGLA concentrations. Conclusions Higher circulating concentration and dietary intake of n-6 PUFA, mainly LA, are associated with lower risk of AF, especially among men without history of CHD or congestive heart failure.
Influence of moderate energy restriction and seafood consumption on bone turnover in overweight young adults; Background: Overweight and obesity are increasing in young adults. However, moderate energy restriction aimed at lowering body weight may promote bone turnover and bone loss. Inclusion of fish or fish oils in a weight-loss diet may attenuate these adverse skeletal effects.
New pharmacological treatments for heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF): A Bayesian network meta-analysis; Background:Heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) has contributed to an increasing number of deaths and readmissions over the past few decades. Despite the appearance of standard treatments, including diuretics, beta-receptor blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI), there are still a large number of patients who have progressive deterioration of heart function and, inevitably, end-stage heart failure. In recent years, new medications for treating chronic heart failure have been clinically applied, but there is controversy surrounding drug selection and whether patients with HFrEF benefit from these medications. Therefore, we aimed to compare and rank different new pharmacological treatments in patients with HFrEF.Methods:We performed a network meta-analysis to identify both direct and indirect evidence from relevant studies. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PsycINFO through the OVID database and CENTRAL through the Cochrane Library for clinical randomized controlled trials investigating new pharmacological treatments in patients with HFrEF published up to September 30, 2018. We included trials of ivabradine, levosimendan, omega-3, tolvaptan, recombinant human B-type natriuretic peptide (rhBNP), isosorbide dinitrate and hydralazine (ISDN/HYD) and angiotensin-neprilysin inhibition (LCZ696). We extracted the relevant information from these trials with a predefined data extraction sheet and assessed the risk of bias with the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Based on these items, more than half of the entries were judged as having an overall low to moderate risk of bias; the remaining studies had a high or unclear risk of bias. The outcomes investigated were left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF %), heart rate (HR) and serum level of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP). We performed a random-effects network meta-analysis within a Bayesian framework.Results:We deemed 32 trials to be eligible that included 3810 patients and 32 treatments. Overall, 32 (94.1%) trials had a low to moderate risk of bias, while 2 (5.9%) trials had a high risk of bias. The quality of the included studies was rated as low in regard to allocation concealment and blinding and high in regard to other domains according to the Cochrane tools. As for increasing LVEF%, levosimendan was better than placebo (-3.77 (-4.96, -2.43)) and was the best intervention for improving ventricle contraction. As for controlling HR, n3-PUFA was better than placebo (4.01 (-0.44, 8.48)) and was the best choice for regulating HR. As for decreasing BNP, omega-3 was better than placebo (941.99 (-47.48, 1952.89) and was the best therapy for improving ventricle wall tension.Conclusions:Our study confirmed the effectiveness of the included new pharmacological treatments for optimizing the structural performance and improving the cardiac function in the management of patients with HFrEF and recommended several interventions for clinical practice.
Distribution of fatty acids and phospholipids in different table cuts and co-products from New Zealand pasture-fed Wagyu-dairy cross beef cattle; Wagyu beef products are marketed as luxury goods to discerning consumers and the lipid content and composition are important drivers of wagyu product value. Wagyu beef is an extensively marbled meat product, well characterised for its tenderness and flavour. In New Zealand, pasture-fed Wagyu-dairy beef production is increasing to meet demand for ultra-premium meat products. Important for these characteristics is the composition of lipid species and their distribution across the carcass. The aim of this study was to analyse the distribution of fatty acids and phospholipids in 26 table cuts, nine co-products and three fat deposits of carcasses from New Zealand pasture-fed Wagyu-dairy cross beef carcasses (n = 5). Phospholipid and fatty acid levels varied across different cuts of the carcass, but typically cuts with high levels of phospholipids also had high levels of omega-3 fatty acids and low levels of saturated fatty acids. This work will be used in the future to examine the potential health aspects of pasture-fed Wagyu beef.
Coagulation and fibrinolysis factors in healthy subjects consuming high stearic or trans fatty acid diets; The effects of stearic acid (C18:0) and trans fatty acids on variables related to coagulation and fibrinolysis were studied in 80 healthy humans average age 29 +/- 9 years. All subjects consumed a baseline diet high in saturated fatty acids, mainly from dairy fat for 5 weeks. After this baseline diet they were allocated either to a diet high (8.7% of energy, En%) in trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (40 subjects) or a diet high (9.3 En%) in stearic acid (40 subjects) for 5 weeks. All diets contained 32.2-33.9 En% fat, 14.6-15.8 En% saturated plus trans fatty acids, 12.2-12.5 En% cis-monounsaturated and 2.9-3.5 En% polyunsaturated fatty acids and 216-250 mg/10 MJ cholesterol. The fats were mixed into solid foods and almost all daily food was provided.
Nutritional evaluation of patients who are candidate for radical cystectomy; Aim: Radical cystectomy is a treatment method, which is accepted as a major operative procedure and carries severe potential risks. Nutritional insufficiency is generally a well-known risk factor for complications like infection and wound healing in surgical cases, and it can affect perioperative mortality and overall survival. Patients, who had radical cystectomy, have been applied with a bad nutritional status at a high rate of 19%. Immunonutrition is defined as improvement of immune system by giving specific foods. The most commonly employed nutrients for immunonutrition are arginine, glutamine, branch chained amino acids, n-3 fatty acids, and nucleotides. It is aimed to emphasize delivering the significance of immunonutrient foods in pre- and postoperative periods in radical cystectomy patients.
Diet and endothelial function; Endothelial dysfunction is one of the earliest events in atherogenesis. A consequence of endothelial damage is a lower availability of nitric oxide (NO), the most potent endogenous vasodilator. NO inhibits platelet aggregation. smooth muscle cell proliferation and adhesion of monocytes to endothelial cells. Endothelial dysfunction is present in patients with cardiovascular disease and/or coronary risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, smoking or hyperhomocysteinemia. At present, soluble markers and high resolution ultrasound of the brachial artery, have provided simple tools for the study of endothelial function and the effects of several interventions. It has been demonstrated that dietary factors may induce significant changes on vascular reactivity. Nutrients. such as fish oil, antioxidants, L-arginine, folic acid and soy protein have shown an improvement in endothelial function that can mediate, at least partially, the cardioprotective effects of these substances. Attention has been focused on dietary patterns in populations with lower prevalence of cardiovascular disease. There is some evidence suggesting that Mediterranean diet characterized by high consumption of vegetables, fish, olive oil and moderate Wine Consumption may have I positive effect on endothelial function. These results give LIS evidence on the significant role of diet on endothelial function and its impact on the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis.
DrugWAS: Drug-wide Association Studies for COVID-19 Drug Repurposing; This study aimed to systematically investigate if any of the available drugs in the electronic health record (EHR) can be repurposed as potential treatment for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Based on a retrospective cohort analysis of EHR data, drug-wide association studies (DrugWAS) were performed on 9,748 patients with COVID-19 at Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC). For each drug study, multivariable logistic regression with overlap weighting using propensity score was applied to estimate the effect of drug exposure on COVID-19 disease outcomes. Patient exposure to a drug between 3-months prior to the pandemic and the COVID-19 diagnosis was chosen as the exposure of interest. All-cause of death was selected as the primary outcome. Hospitalization, admission to the intensive care unit, and need for mechanical ventilation were identified as secondary outcomes. Overall, 17 drugs were significantly associated with decreased COVID-19 severity. Previous exposure to two types of 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccines, PCV13 (odds ratio (OR), 0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.12-0.81 and OR, 0.33, 95% CI, 0.15-0.73), diphtheria toxoid and tetanus toxoid vaccine (OR, 0.38, 95% CI, 0.15-0.93) were significantly associated with a decreased risk of death (primary outcome). Secondary analyses identified several other significant associations showing lower risk for COVID-19 outcomes: acellular pertussis vaccine, 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine (PPSV23), flaxseed extract, ethinyl estradiol, estradiol, turmeric extract, ubidecarenone, azelastine, pseudoephedrine, dextromethorphan, omega-3 fatty acids, fluticasone, and ibuprofen. In conclusion, this cohort study leveraged EHR data to identify a list of drugs that could be repurposed to improve COVID-19 outcomes. Further randomized clinical trials are needed to investigate the efficacy of the proposed drugs.
Effects of essential fatty acid-deficient diets on growth, mortality, tissue histopathology and fatty acid compositions in juvenile turbot (<i>Scophthalmus maximus</i>); Three diets in which the lipid component was supplied either as fish oil (FO), linseed oil (LO) or olive oil (OO) were fed to duplicate groups of juvenile turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) of initial weight 1.2 g for a period of up to 12 weeks. The latter two diets resulted in a significant reduction in specific growth rate and an increased mortality compared to the FO (control) fed fish. A liver histopathology was evident in around half of the fish fed the LO and OO diets but was absent in fish fed FO. The lesion showed indications of cellular alterations consisting of foci of densely basophilic cells but without evidence of inflammatory activity. The total lipid fatty acid composition of the carcass from fish fed LO had increased percentages of 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3, but decreased percentages of all other polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) including the physiologically important 20:4n-6, 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3, compared to fish fed FO. Almost 2/3 of the total fatty acids in the carcass of GO-fed fish were monounsaturated while the percentages of total saturated fatty acids and all other PUFA, except 18:2n-6, were significantly reduced compared to fish fed FG. Broadly similar effects on total lipid fatty acid composition were observed in liver. In the liver glycerophospholipid classes of fish fed LO, percentages of 18:2n-6, 18:3n-3 and 20:3n-3 were significantly increased whereas all C-20 and C-22 PUFA, with the exception of 20:5n-3 in PI, were significantly reduced compared to fish fed FG. The liver glycerophospholipids of fish fed OO all showed significantly increased total monounsaturates, 18:2n-6, 20:2n-6, 18:2n-9 and 20:2n-9 as well as reduced percentages of 20:4n-6 and 22:6n-3, compared to fish fed FO. The brain glycerophospholipids showed broadly similar changes in response to dietary treatment although the magnitude of fatty acid alterations was less than those observed in liver. The greater mortalities in the GO-fed fish compared to the LO-fed fish suggests that incorporation of 18:3n-3 into tissue phospholipids can offset losses of long-chain PUFA more effectively than incorporation of 18:1n-9. However, levels of dietary long-chain PUFA must be optimised to allow normal growth and development. We conclude that the very low flux through the fatty acid desaturase/elongase pathways in turbot is not up-regulated by diets deficient in 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3.
Nutrition, insulin resistance and dysfunctional adipose tissue determine the different components of metabolic syndrome; Obesity is an excessive accumulation of body fat that may be harmful to health. Today, obesity is a major public health problem, affecting in greater or lesser proportion all demographic groups. Obesity is estimated by body mass index ( BMI) in a clinical setting, but BMI reports neither body composition nor the location of excess body fat. Deaths from cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes accounted for approximately 65% of all deaths, and adiposity and mainly abdominal adiposity are associated with all these disorders. Adipose tissue could expand to inflexibility levels. Then, adiposity is associated with a state of low-grade chronic inflammation, with increased tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6 release, which interfere with adipose cell differentiation, and the action pattern of adiponectin and leptin until the adipose tissue begins to be dysfunctional. In this state the subject presents insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia, probably the first step of a dysfunctional metabolic system. Subsequent to central obesity, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypoalphalipoproteinemia, hypertension and fatty liver are grouped in the so-called metabolic syndrome ( MetS). In subjects with MetS an energy balance is critical to maintain a healthy body weight, mainly limiting the intake of high energy density foods ( fat). However, high-carbohydrate rich ( CHO) diets increase postprandial peaks of insulin and glucose. Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins are also increased, which interferes with reverse cholesterol transport lowering high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In addition, CHO-rich diets could move fat from peripheral to central deposits and reduce adiponectin activity in peripheral adipose tissue. All these are improved with monounsaturated fatty acid-rich diets. Lastly, increased portions of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids also decrease triglyceride levels, and complement the healthy diet that is recommended in patients with MetS.
Contribution of Biological Age-Predictive Biomarkers to Nutrition Research: A Systematic Review of the Current Evidence and Implications for Future Research and Clinical Practice; Statement of Significance: This review is the first to collate original findings on the associations between nutrients and dietary practices with biological aging, including their effects on telomere shortening, cognition, and epigenetic rejuvenation (measured using Horvath's clock) in order to provide a current synthesis of evidence and to discuss its implications for future research and clinical practice.
Effects of Dietary Grape Pomace Supplementation on Performance, Carcass Traits and Meat Quality of Lambs; Background/Aim: A previous study revealed that the inclusion of grape pomace (GP) in the diet for growing lambs had beneficial effects on the redox status and fecal microbiota. Herein, we investigated the effect of GP inclusion on performance, carcass traits and fatty acid composition of meat. Materials and Methods: In the experimental trial of 55 days, lambs were fed with standard or diet supplemented with GP. Performance, carcass traits and fatty acid profile of quadriceps muscle were assessed. Results: GP inclusion in the diet improved growth performance, since the average daily gain was significantly increased by 2-fold in GP group. Regarding the fatty acid composition of meat, GP inclusion signif icantly increased the content of long chain n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, and reduced the n-6/n-3 ratio compared to the control group. Conclusion: GP supplementation in lamb diet may improve performance and may have beneficial effects on meat quality.
Macrophage Trafficking, Inflammatory Resolution, and Genomics in Atherosclerosis <i>JACC</i> Macrophage in CVD Series (Part 2); Atherosclerosis is characterized by the retention of modified lipoproteins in the arterial wall. These modified lipoproteins activate resident macrophages and the recruitment of monocyte-derived cells, which differentiate into mononuclear phagocytes that ingest the deposited lipoproteins to become "foam cells": a hallmark of this disease. In this Part 2 of a 4-part review series covering the macrophage in cardiovascular disease, we critically review the contributions and relevant pathobiology of monocytes, macrophages, and foam cells as relevant to atherosclerosis. We also review evidence that via various pathways, a failure of the resolution of inflammation is an additional key aspect of this disease process. Finally, we consider the likely role played by genomics and biological networks in controlling the macrophage phenotype in atherosclerosis. Collectively, these data provide substantial insights on the atherosclerotic process, while concurrently offering numerous molecular and genomic candidates that appear to hold great promise for selective targeting as clinical therapies. (c) 2018 Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Biomimetic Activator of Sonodynamic Ferroptosis Amplifies Inherent Peroxidation for Improving the Treatment of Breast Cancer; Ferroptosis is a type of nonapoptotic cell death and is gradually emerging as an important anticancer treatment. However, its therapeutic efficacy is impaired by low intracellular levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, significantly limiting its therapeutic potential. Herein, a multimodal strategy to improve ferroptosis is presented, in which a state-of-art engineered erythrocyte, termed as sonodynamic amplified ferroptosis erythrocyte (SAFE), is developed for simultaneously activating ferroptosis and oxygen-riched sonodynamic therapy (SDT). SAFE is composed of internalizing RGD peptide and red blood cell membrane hybrid camouflaged nanocomplex of hemoglobin, perfluorocarbon, ferroptosis activator (dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, DGLA), and sonosensitizer verteporfin. It is identified that SAFE, under ultrasound stimulation, can not only substantially supply oxygen to overcome tumor hypoxia associated therapeutic resistance, but effectively activate ferroptosis through the coeffect of SDT triggered ROS production and DGLA mediated lipid peroxidation. In vivo studies reveal that SAFE selectively accumulates in tumor tissues and induces desirable anticancer effects under mild ultrasound stimulation. Importantly, SAFE can effectively inhibit tumor growth with minimal invasiveness, resulting in a prolonged survival period of mice. Therefore, a multimodal ferroptosis therapy driven by oxygen-riched sonodynamic peroxidation of lipids, significantly advancing synergistic cancer treatment, is presented.
Position of the American Dietetic Association: Vegetarian Diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat (including fowl) or seafood, or products containing those foods. This article reviews the current data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, n-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, iodine, calcium, and vitamins D and B-12. A vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, supplements or fortified foods can provide useful amounts of important nutrients. An evidence-based review showed that vegetarian diets can be nutritionally adequate in pregnancy and result in positive maternal and infant health outcomes. The results of an evidence-based review showed that a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease. Vegetarians also appear to have lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension and type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. Furthermore, vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index and lower overall cancer rates. Features of a vegetarian diet that may reduce risk of chronic disease include lower intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, soy products, fiber, and phytochemicals. The variability of dietary practices among vegetarians makes individual assessment of dietary adequacy essential. In addition to assessing dietary adequacy, food and nutrition professionals can also play key roles in educating vegetarians about sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and dietary modifications to meet their needs. J Am Diet Assoc. 2009;109:1266-1282.
The effect of EPA and DHA on metabolic syndrome patients: a systematic review of randomised controlled trials; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is characterised by accumulation of CVD risk factors. The use of very long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLC n3 PUFA) could potentially benefit MS by reducing risk factors. To better understand the possible VLC n3 PUFA benefits, the literature was systematically reviewed for randomised controlled trials (RCT) that published effects of VLC n3 PUFA on MS patients. 17 RCT fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were analysed for relevance to the research question. The available RCT convincingly show that the administration of VLC n3 PUFA doses. 1 g for at least 3 months produces a significant reduction of triglycerides ranging from 7% to 25 %. These results confirm the hypotriglyceridemic effect of VLC n3 PUFA in MS patients. The triglyceride lowering may produce further benefits by reducing the % of pro-atherogenic small dense LDL particles (sdLDL) and also perhaps by ameliorating the inflammatory process associated with MS. High doses of VLC n3 PUFA (>= 3 g/day) may produce further TAG reductions but could raise other risk factors such as LDL-C. No clear effects were found on other MS markers. The combination of VLC n3 PUFA plus a statin may be useful to prevent the occurrence of coronary events. More studies are needed using different amounts of VLC n3 PUFA, time lengths, dietary backgrounds and different profiles of MS patients before clear recommendations can be made.
Protective effects of eicosapentaenoic acid in adipocyte-breast cancer cell cross talk; Breast cancer is the leading cause of death in women among all cancer types. Obesity is one of the factors that promote progression of breast cancer, especially in post-menopausal women. Increasingly, adipose tissue is recognized for its active role in the tumor microenvironment. We hypothesized that adipocytes conditioned medium can impact breast cancer progression by increasing inflammatory cytokines production by cancer cells, and subsequently increasing their motility. By contrast, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an anti-inflammatory n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, reduces adipocyte-secreted inflammatory factors, leading to reduced cancer cell motility. To test these hypotheses, we investigated the direct effects of EPA on MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells and the effects of conditioned medium from 3 T3-L1 or human mesenchymal stem cells (HMSC)-derived adipocytes treated with or without EPA supplementation on breast cancer cells. We observed that conditioned medium from HMSC-derived adipocytes significantly increased mRNA transcription levels of cancer-associated genes such as FASN, STAT3 and cIAP2, while EPA-treated HMSC-derived adipocytes significantly reduced mRNA levels of these genes. However, direct EPA treatment significantly reduced mRNA content of these tumor-associated markers (FASN, STAT3, clAP-2) only in MDA-MB-231 cells not in MCF-7 cells. Conditioned medium from EPA-treated 3 T3-L1 adipocytes further decreased inflammation, cell motility and glycolysis in cancer cells. Our data confirms that adipocytes play a significant role in promoting breast cancer progression and demonstrates that EPA-treated adipocytes reduced the negative impact of adipocyte-secreted factors on breast cancer cell inflammation and migration. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Physicochemical Properties and Liposomal Formulations of Hydrolysate Fractions of Four Sea Cucumbers (Holothuroidea: Echinodermata) from the Northwestern Algerian Coast; To promote the nutritional and pharmacological values of four sea cucumber species (Holothuria poli, H. tubulosa, H. arguinensis, andH. sanctori), harvested from the Algerian coast, we aimed to study their proximate composition, fatty acid profile and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity. Their phospholipids were also used to elaborate nanoliposomes and to encapsulate peptides obtained from the same source. After the physico-chemical characterization of nanoliposomes and peptides, in vitro analyses were realized. The four holothurian species showed a high amount of protein (49.26-69.34%), and an impressive lipid profile of 27 fatty acids, mainly composed of polar fatty acids (91.16-93.85%), with a high polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) content (50.90-71.80%), particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (5.07-8.76%) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (4.86-7.25%). A high phospholipids amount was also found (55.20-69.85%), mainly composed of phosphatidylcholine (PC) (51.48-58.56%). Their peptide fractions exhibited a high ACE inhibitory activity (IC(50)0.30 to 0.51 mg/mL). The results also showed that the nanoliposomes do not induce cytotoxicity and cell death in human MSCs and no perturbation of proliferation for all the times and the tested concentrations, as well as the combined nanoliposomes and hydrolysates (HTS) at a concentration of 0.1 mg/mL. All four sea cucumbers show potential as a new source for omega-3, omega-6, and bioactive peptides.
Contraction-relaxation coupling is unaltered by exercise training and infarction in isolated canine myocardium; The two main phases of the mammalian cardiac cycle are contraction and relaxation; however, whether there is a connection between them in humans is not well understood. Routine exercise has been shown to improve cardiac function, morphology, and molecular signatures. Likewise, the acute and chronic changes that occur in the heart in response to injury, disease, and stress are well characterized, albeit not fully understood. In this study, we investigated how exercise and myocardial injury affect contraction-relaxation coupling. We retrospectively analyzed the correlation between the maximal speed of contraction and the maximal speed of relaxation of canine myocardium after receiving surgically induced myocardial infarction, followed by either sedentary recovery or exercise training for 10-12 wk. We used isolated right ventricular trabeculae, which were electrically paced at different lengths, frequencies, and with increasing beta-adrenoceptor stimulation. In all conditions, contraction and relaxation were linearly correlated, irrespective of injury or training history. Based on these results and the available literature, we posit that contraction-relaxation coupling is a fundamental myocardial property that resides in the structural arrangement of proteins at the level of the sarcomere and that this may be regulated by the actions of cardiac myosin binding protein C (cMyBP-C) on actin and myosin.
Hexadecenoic Fatty Acid Positional Isomers and De Novo PUFA Synthesis in Colon Cancer Cells; Palmitic acid metabolism involves delta-9 and delta-6 desaturase enzymes forming palmitoleic acid (9cis-16:1; n-7 series) and sapienic acid (6cis-16:1; n-10 series), respectively. The corresponding biological consequences and lipidomic research on these positional monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) isomers are under development. Furthermore, sapienic acid can bring to the de novo synthesis of the n-10 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) sebaleic acid (5cis,8cis-18:2), but such transformations in cancer cells are not known. The model of Caco-2 cell line was used to monitor sapienic acid supplementation (150 and 300 M) and provide evidence of the formation of n-10 fatty acids as well as their incorporation at levels of membrane phospholipids and triglycerides. Comparison with palmitoleic and palmitic acids evidenced that lipid remodelling was influenced by the type of fatty acid and positional isomer, with an increase of 8cis-18:1, n-10 PUFA and a decrease of saturated fats in case of sapienic acid. Cholesteryl esters were formed only in cases with sapienic acid. Sapienic acid was the less toxic among the tested fatty acids, showing the highest EC(50)s and inducing death only in 75% of cells at the highest concentration tested. Two-photon fluorescent microscopy with Laurdan as a fluorescent dye provided information on membrane fluidity, highlighting that sapienic acid increases the distribution of fluid regions, probably connected with the formation of 8cis-18:1 and the n-10 PUFA in cell lipidome. Our results bring evidence for MUFA positional isomers and de novo PUFA synthesis for developing lipidomic analysis and cancer research.
Passive Wireless Porous Biopolymer Sensors for At-Home Monitoring of Oil and Fatty Acid Nutrition; Dietary oils-rich in omega-3, -6, and -9 fatty acids-exhibit critical impacts on health parameters such as cardiovascular function, bodily inflammation, and neurological development. There has emerged a need for low-cost, accessible method to assess dietary oil consumption and its health implications. Existing methods typically require specialized, complex equipment and extensive sample preparation steps, rendering them unsuitable for home use. Addressing this gap, herein, we study passive wireless, biocompatible biosensors that can be used to monitor dietary oils directly from foods either prepared or cooked in oil. This design uses broad-coupled split ring resonators interceded with porous silk fibroin biopolymer (requiring only food-safe materials, such as aluminum foil and biopolymer). These porous biopolymer films absorb oils at rates proportional to their viscosity/fatty acid composition and whose response can be measured wirelessly without any microelectronic components touching food. The engineering and mechanism of such sensors are explored, alongside their ability to measure the oil presence and fatty acid content directly from foods. Its simplicity, portability, and inexpensiveness are ideal for emerging needs in precision nutrition-such sensors may empower individuals to make informed dietary decisions based on direct-from-food measurements.
Eicosapentaenoic acid enhanced apoptotic and oxidant effects of cisplatin via activation of TRPM2 channel in brain tumor cells; Cisplatin (CiSP) induced-overload Ca2+ entry results in the increase of mitochondrial oxidative stress and apoptosis in the cancer cell. TRPM2 cation channel is gated by the cytosolic ADP-ribose (ADPR) and reactive oxygen species (ROS). The high content of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the brain is a main target of ROS. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) induces oxidant action via the enhance of PUFA content in the glioblastoma (DBTRG) cells. We hypothesized that a combination of CiSP and EPA may offer a potential therapy in the DBTRG cell by exerting the antitumor, oxidant, and apoptotic actions and stimulating Ca2+ influx and TRPM2 activity. In the DBTRG cells, we induced four groups as control, EPA (30 mu M for 24 h), CiSP (25 mu M for 24 h), and CiSP + EPA.
Physiological responses and specific fatty acids composition of <i>Microcystis aeruginosa</i> exposed to total solar radiation and increased temperature; The combined effects of increased temperature and solar ultraviolet radiation (UVR, 280-400 nm) on M. aeruginosa cultures was analyzed in terms of cell abundance, reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (ROS/RNS), antioxidant activity of catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione S transferase (GST), fatty acids (FA) content and lipid damage. After 12 days exposure to high temperature (29 degrees C), cells were exposed to solar UVR (4 h). Ultraviolet-B radiation (UVBR, 280-315 nm) resulted into low cell abundance, high ROS/RNS and a significant increase in SOD activity with no changes in GST and a decreased CAT activity at control temperature (26 degrees C). A significant increase in the analyzed enzymatic antioxidants was observed at 29 degrees C, as a response to avoid ultraviolet-A radiation (UVAR, 315-400 nm) damage. The relative abundance of omega 6 FAs was not affected by UVAR while omega 3 FA were highly sensitive at 29 degrees C but unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) peroxidation did not occur. The differential response in FA to high temperature and UVAR results in differences in lipid damage and antioxidants. It was evident that selected UFAs (mostly omega 6) play an important role in high temperature adaptation in addition to enzymatic antioxidant increased activity shifting the temperature growth from 26 to 29 degrees C. Thus, cell death and UFA damage were avoided at high temperature and low solar irradiance thanks to an increased enzymatic antioxidant activity.
Impact of supplemented enteral nutrition in patients with multiple trauma; Previous studies in critically ill patients have shown the beneficial effects of early enteral nutrition supplemented with arginine, omega-3 fatty acids and nucleotides (Impact) on immunological response, infection rate and length of stay in hospital. No specific data exist for patients with severe multiple injury, who represent a high risk group for systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS), septic complications and multiple organ failure (MOF). In this prospective, randomized, double-blind controlled clinical study on patients after severe trauma (ISS ca. 40) the primary study endpoints were incidence of SIRS and MOF [definitions according to Am Soc Grit Care Med (5) and Goris (23), Sauaia (43)]. Thirty-two patients enrolled in the study, and 29 were eligible for analysis: test (Impact) (n = 16), control (n = 13), Both groups were comparable according to age, body mass index and severity of trauma (PTS-test: 38.8 +/- 12.5, PTS-control: 40.8 +/- 15.5, ISS-test: 39.6 +/- 11.4, ISS control: 40.5 +/- 9.2). Patients were randomized to receive either Impact (test) or an isonitrogenous isocaloric diet (control). Feeding was started on the 2nd day after trauma via endoscopically placed nasoduodenal or -jejunal feeding tubes. The experimental diet was safe and well tolerated. During the 1st week the enteral feeding amount was about 2000 ml without significant difference. Test-fed patients developed SIRS significantly less frequently between day 1 and day 28 (8 vs 13.3; P < 0.05) and especially between day 8 and day 14 (3 vs 6.2; P < 0.001). In the control group the Goris score was significantly worse (P < 0.05) on days 3, 4, 6, 7, 10, 11, 16 and 17 and the Sauaia score on days 8, 9, 10 and 11 (P < 0.05; P < 0.01). Mortality rate did not significantly differ (test 2/16, control 4/13), nor did length of ICU or hospital stay. With regard to the acute-phase response, C-reactive protein was significantly lower on day 4 in the test group (test: 131 +/- 67 mg/l, control: 221 +/- 110 mg/l) as was fibrinogen on day 12 (6.6 +/- 1.4 vs 7.5 +/-i 1,4 g/l) and day 14 (7.1 +/- 1.3 vs 7.8 +/- 0,8 g/l). No significant difference could be observed for CD4/CD8 ratio, CD45 isotope on activated T-cells and lymphocytic interleukin (Il)-2-receptor- and Il-6 level. However, HLA-DR antigen presentation on peripheral monocytes was significantly elevated on day 7 in the test group (P < 0.05). According to the results, arginine, omega-3 fatty acids and nucleotides-enriched diet during early enteral feeding leads to reduction of SIRS after severe multiple injury. There is evidence for improvement of post-traumatic immunological response which helps to overcome the immunological depression after trauma.
YELLOW FAT IN THE MINK; A disease in young mink known as " yellow fat" occurs in the late summer months when the kits are growing rapidly and is characterized by a paralysis before death, a marked subcut. edema and a yellow coloration of the depot fat. This disease was produced experimentally by feeding 3% linolenic acid as raw linseed oil in addition to a horse meat-cereal-liver diet. The addition of alpha-tocopherol to the exptl. diet prevented the occurrence of the disease. Spectrophotometric analysis of the depot fat showed that high amts. of trienoic acid are deposited by the mink when fed either horse meat with a high fat content or horse meat with a normal fat content plus raw linseed oil, in addition to the cereal-liver diet. When horse meat with a normal fat content is fed, lower amts. of trienoic acid are deposited, and very low amts. of trienoic acid are deposited when cottonseed oil is fed to mink.
MECHANISM OF ACTION OF THE DIPHENYL ETHER HERBICIDE ACIFLUORFEN-METHYL IN EXCISED CUCUMBER (CUCUMIS-SATIVUS L) COTYLEDONS - LIGHT ACTIVATION AND THE SUBSEQUENT FORMATION OF LIPOPHILIC FREE-RADICALS; Cucumber (C. sativus L.) cotyledons were sensitive to the diphenyl ether herbicide acifluorfen-methyl (AFM); methyl 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxyl]-2-nitrobenzoate. Injury was detected by monitoring the efflux of 86Rb+ from treated tissues after exposure to light (600 micro .mu. einsteins/m2/s.; photosynthetically active radiation). AFM exhibited activity in green and etiolated tissues in the presence of 1 .mu.M 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (DCMU) and 1 .mu.M 2,5-dibromo-3-methyl-6-isopropyl-p-benzoquinone (DBMIB), inhibitors of photosynthetic electron transport. Protection against injury could be obtained by pretreating the seedlings with a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor, 10 .mu.M fluridone [1-methyl-3-phenyl-5-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4(H)-pyridinone]. After a 4-h dark pretreatment with 1 and 10 .mu.M AFM, cotyledons were exposed to light (600 .mu. einsteins/m2/s; photosynthetically active radiation). Within 1-2 h after light treatment, significant increases in the level of thiobarbituric acid-reacting materials could be detected. EM observations of treated tissues revealed significant structural damage to the chloroplast envelope, tonoplast and plasma membrane. Etiolated cucumber cotyledons treated with 1 .mu.M AFM and exposed to light were less susceptible to injury when maintained in an O2-deficient atmosphere. Protection against injury could be obtained with 50 .mu.M .alpha.-tocopherol. Evidently, AFM is activated in light by yellow plant pigments and then is involved in the initiation of a free radical chain reaction with polyunsaturated fatty acid moieties of phospholipid molecules making up cellular membranes. The perturbations that follow result in a loss of the membrane''s selectve permeability characteristics, thereby leading to cellular death.
Changes in the cellular fatty acid profile drive the proteasomal degradation of α-synuclein and enhance neuronal survival; Parkinson's disease is biochemically characterized by the deposition of aberrant aggregated alpha-synuclein in the affected neurons. The aggregation properties of alpha-synuclein greatly depend on its affinity to bind cellular membranes via a dynamic interaction with specific lipid moieties. In particular, alpha-synuclein can interact with arachidonic acid (AA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid, in a manner that promotes the formation of alpha-helix enriched assemblies. In a cellular context, AA is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A(2)(PLA(2)). To investigate the impact of PLA(2)activity on alpha-synuclein aggregation, we have applied selective PLA(2)inhibitors to a SH-SY5Y cellular model where the expression of human wild-type alpha-synuclein is correlated with a gradual accumulation of soluble oligomers and subsequent cell death. We have found that pharmacological and genetic inhibition of GIVA cPLA(2)resulted in a dramatic decrease of intracellular oligomeric and monomeric alpha-synuclein significantly promoting cell survival. Our data suggest that alterations in the levels of free fatty acids, and especially AA and adrenic acid, promote the formation of alpha-synuclein conformers which are more susceptible to proteasomal degradation. This mechanism is active only in living cells and is generic since it does not depend on the absolute quantity of alpha-synuclein, the presence of disease-linked point mutations, the expression system or the type of cells. Our findings indicate that the alpha-synuclein-fatty acid interaction can be a critical determinant of the conformation and fate of alpha-synuclein in the cell interior and, as such, cPLA(2)inhibitors could serve to alleviate the intracellular, potentially pathological, alpha-synuclein burden.
The influence of long-term awareness of hyperlipidemia and of 3 years of dietary counseling on depression, anxiety, and quality of life; Objective: The purpose of this study is to investigate the long-term effects of participation in a cardiovascular screening program and of dietary counseling on self-reported psychosocial outcomes and health concerns. Methods: High-risk subjects (n=563) with hyperlipidemia from the Oslo Diet and Antismoking Study (1972-1977) were reexamined after 25 years and randomly assigned to a new 3-year prospective 2x2 factorial placebo-controlled study in 1997 of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and/or dietary counseling. Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Life Satisfaction Index (LSI), and a new questionnaire on health concerns and behavior in response to risk information were collected at the 25-year follow-up. Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale and LSI were evaluated at the end of the 3-year Diet and Omega-3 Intervention Trial on atherosclerosis (DOIT) in 505 subjects. Results: Twenty-five years after the screening program, HADS-anxiety was similar to the Norwegian norms (3.3 vs. 3.5), while HADS-depression was significantly lower (3.6 vs. 4.1, P<.01). Patients reported that 25 years of awareness of hyperlipidemia had influenced health concerns through a moderate change in diet habits, some restriction in life conduct, but an improvement of the total life situation. After a novel 3-year intervention in DOIT, there was no difference between the dietary counseling and control group with regard to anxiety, depression, or life satisfaction, but HADS-anxiety increased significantly (4.0 vs. 3.3, P<.001) in both groups. Conclusion: Compared to the general population, screening-positive subjects did not have increased mental distress 25 years after screening, and beneficial health behavior persisted. Dietary counseling did not affect psychosocial outcomes. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mouse models for unraveling the importance of diet in colon cancer prevention; Diet and genetics are both considered important risk determinants for colorectal cancer, a leading cause of death worldwide. Several genetically engineered mouse models have been created, including the Apc(Min) mouse, to aid in the identification of key cancer related processes and to assist with the characterization of environmental factors, including the diet, which influence risk. Current research using these models provides evidence that several bioactive food components can inhibit genetically predisposed colorectal cancer, while others increase risk. Specifically, calorie restriction or increased exposure to n-3 fatty acids, sulforaphane, chafuroside, curcumin and dibenzoylmethane were reported protective. Total fat, calories and all-trans retinoic acid are associated with an increased risk. Unraveling the importance of specific dietary components in these models is complicated by the basal diet used, the quantity of test components provided and interactions among food components. Newer models are increasingly available to evaluate fundamental cellular processes, including DNA mismatch repair, immune function and inflammation as markers for colon cancer risk. Unfortunately, these models have been used infrequently to examine the influence of specific dietary components. The enhanced use of these models can shed mechanistic insights about the involvement of specific bioactive food and components and energy as determinants of colon cancer risk. However, the use of available mouse models to exactly represent processes important to human gastrointestinal cancers will remain a continued scientific challenge. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Quantitative determination of plasma C8-C26 total fatty acids for the biochemical diagnosis of nutritional and metabolic disorders; We have developed a capillary gas chromatography-electron-capture negative-ion mass spectrometry (GC/MS) method for the quantitative determination of C8-C26 total fatty acids in plasma. Following hydrolysis, hexane extraction, and derivatization with pentafluorobenzyl bromide, fatty acid esters are analyzed in two steps: a splitless injection and a second, split injection (1:100) far the quantitation of the more abundant long-chain species, Fourteen saturated and 25 unsaturated fatty acids are quantified by selected ion monitoring in ratio to 13 stable-isotope-labeled internal standards. Calibrations exhibit consistent linearity and reproducibility, Intraassay (n = 17) and interassay (n = 12) CVs ranged from 2.5 to 13.2% and from 4.6 to 22.9%, respectively. Recoveries ranged from 76 to 106%. Reference ranges were established for four age groups (<1 month, 1 month to 1 year, 1-17 years, >18 years) and compared to specimens from patients with nutritional deficiency of omega -3 and omega -6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, inborn errors of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation, and peroxisomal disorders. Retrospective evaluation of the concentration of linoleic acid in 35 cases with a diagnosis of essential fatty acid deficiency previously made by gas chromatographic analysis with flame ionization detection (GC/FID) found a specificity and sensitivity of only 55 and 50%, respectively, for the GC/FID method when compared to GC/MS. (C) 2001 Academic Press.
Hypertriglyceridemia in an outpatient department - Significance as an atherosclerotic risk factor; Background: Although a relationship between elevated triglycerides (TG) and cardiovascular diseases is generally accepted, its extent is still discussed. This retrospective study analyzed the incidence of cardiovascular events (CVE) and pancreatitis as well as the therapeutic regimen in patients being treated for hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) at an outpatient department.
HISTORICAL OVERVIEW AND UPDATE ON NUTRITION IN CYSTIC FIBROSIS: ZOOMING IN ON SMALL; Cystic fibrosis (CF) was originally described as an exclusively digestive disease causing early death in infants due to extreme malnutrition before any sign of respiratory illness had developed. Once the pathological etiology was established, the suggestion was logical to introduce pancreatic enzyme therapy. One of the key findings in the care for people with CF was that energy is the magic cornerstone, which should be provided by food, rich in taste and calories. The next important step was to introduce enteral feeding using nasogastric tube and subsequently via gastrostomy. The help of psychologists is also invaluable in behavioural feeding problems at any age but especially in pre-school children. Since the earliest years, fat soluble vitamins were supposed to be problematic in CF because of the fat malabsorption. Their supplementation has been introduced and nowadays new specific preparations are available. Essential fatty acids and omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids - increasingly have been demonstrated to be beneficial. Finally, feeding of newborns and infants has received the required attention. In many countries diagnosis is made at an early age thanks to systematic newborns screening. This is as efficient as the subsequent follow-up. At first stages breast-feeding should be continued. When it becomes impossible or not efficient, industry now puts a special formula (Cystilac) at our disposal, containing more energy, partially hydrolyzed protein, MCT fat, more salt, calories and vitamins, needing less enzyme substitution.
Seasonal variation in fatty acid composition of cow milk in relation to the feeding system; The fatty acid (FA) composition of bulk milk fat was examined on three dairy farms applying the seasonal pasture and on two farms applying the permanently indoor silage feeding. The seasonal variation in the content of major FAs was investigated in relation to the effect of farm in each feeding system separately. Six samples in winter period and four samples in summer period were taken on each farm. In the grazing herds, the seasonal changes were found in FAs forming 90 g/100 g total FAs on average (P<0.05), generally without interactions with farm effect (P>0.05). Only several FAs, forming 14 g/100 g total FAs on average, were influenced by the season effect in the indoor herds (P<0.05). The seasonal increase in unsaturated FAs against the saturated FAs and omega-3 against omega-6 polyunsaturated FA indicated that the milk yielded in summer was more beneficial to consumers' health than that yielded in winter. No significant differences in these indicators of healthy milk were found compared to the milk yielded by herds kept indoors (P>0.05). The milk produced by grazing cows may be positively evaluated by consumers.
Intravenous fish oil lipid emulsions in critically ill patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Intravenous fish oil (FO) lipid emulsions (LEs) are rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which exhibit anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory effects. We previously demonstrated that FO-containing LEs may be able to decrease mortality and ventilation days in patients who are critically ill. Since 2014, several additional randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of FO-containing LEs have been published. Therefore, the purpose of this systematic review was to update our previous systematic review with the aim of elucidating the efficacy of FO-containing LEs on clinical outcomes of patients who are critically ill.
Exploring the potential anti-Alzheimer disease mechanisms of <i>Alpiniae Oxyphyliae</i> Fructus by network pharmacology study and molecular docking; Alpiniae Oxyphyliae Fructus (AOF) (yizhi) is a frequently medicated Chinese herb for Alzheimer disease (AD) treatment. The present study investigated the components and potential mechanisms of AOF through network pharmacology analysis and molecular docking. The results showed that AOF contains at least 20 active ingredients and involves 184 target genes. A total of 301 AD-related genes were obtained from the DisGeNET, GeneCards, GEO, OMIM, and Alzheimer Disease: Genes databases. A total of 41 key targets were identified from the topology analysis of the AOF-AD target network. These key targets are involved in 105 signal pathways, such as the PI3K-Akt, HIF-1, and MAPK pathways, and can regulate gene transcription, cell death, cell proliferation, drug response, and protein phosphorylation. AOF's active ingredients, Chrysin, Isocyperol, Izalpinin, Linolenic acid, CHEMBL489541, Oxyphyllenone A, Oxyphyllenone B, and Oxyphyllol C, show high affinity to targets, including PPARG, ESR1, and AKT1. These findings provide a new basis for AOF application and anti-AD study.
Nutritional Interventions to Improve Cachexia Outcomes in Cancer-A Systematic Review; Background and Objectives: The prevalence of cachexia has increased across all of the cancer types and accounts for up to 20% of cancer-related deaths. This paper is a systematic review of nutritional interventions aiming to improve cachexia outcomes in cancer, focusing on weight gain. Materials and Methods: A search in Medline and Elsevier databases for articles up until the 23 January 2022, was conducted. Results: Out of 5732 screened records, 26 publications were included in the final analysis. Four randomized clinical trials showed a significant body weight (BW) increase in patients treated with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), beta-hydroxy-beta-methyl butyrate (beta-HMB), arginine, and glutamine or marine phospholipids (MPL). An upward BW trend was observed in patients treated with L-carnitine, an Ethanwell/Ethanzyme (EE) regimen enriched with omega-3 fatty acids, micronutrients, probiotics, fish oil, a leucine-rich supplement, or total parental nutrition (TPN) with a high dose of a branched-chain amino acid (BCAA). Conclusions: Although clinical trials relating to large numbers of nutritional supplements present promising data, many trials provided negative results. Further studies investigating the underlying mechanisms of action of these nutritional supplements in cancer cachexia are needed. Early screening for cancer cachexia risk and nutritional intervention in cancer patients before aggravating weight loss may stabilize their weight, preventing cachexia syndrome. According to the GRADE methodology, no positive recommendation for these nutritional supplements may be expressed.
A review on linking stress, depression, and insulin resistance via low-grade chronic inflammation; Stress is a disturbance in homeostasis caused by psychological, physiological, or environmental factors. Prolonged reactions to chronic stress can be detrimental, resulting in various metabolic abnormalities, referred to as metabolic syndrome (MS). There is a reciprocal increased risk between MS and major depressive disorder. Recent studies established an association between inflammation and insulin signaling in type 2 diabetes mellitus with depression. In the present review, we discuss chronic low-grade inflammation, pathways of insulin resistance, and brain glucose metabolism in the context of neuroinflammation and depression. Specific attention is given to psychotropic drugs such as bupropion, mirtazapine, and nefazodone, anti-inflammatory drugs like Celecoxib (COX-2 inhibitor), Etanercept, adalimumab, IL-4Ra antagonist, Anti-IL- 17A antibody (Ixekizumab) and lifestyle modifications including exercise, dietary changes, and sleep hygiene. These therapeutic solutions offer potential in treating depression by targeting metabolic conditions like insulin resistance and inflammatory pathways. The article further explains the significance of a nutrition and antioxidants-rich diet, emphasizing the role of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, zinc, and polyphenols, to improve immunity and activate anti-inflammatory signaling pathways.
Treatment of Cachexia in Gastric Cancer: Exploring the Use of Anti-Inflammatory Natural Products and Their Derivatives; (1) Background: Gastric cancer is a significant cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide. Weight loss and malnutrition associated with cancer are linked with increased mortality rates and reduced quality of life. Cancer cachexia, characterised by the loss of skeletal muscle, is associated with approximately 20% of cancer-related deaths and differs from malnutrition in that it cannot be fully reversed by nutritional support alone. It is now recognised that the primary pathophysiological process underlying cancer cachexia is chronic inflammation leading to increased calorie consumption. Current treatments that focus on nutritional supplementation, psychological counselling, appetite stimulation and reducing inflammation are lacking in efficacy. This review focuses on the evidence supporting the potential roles of natural anti-inflammatory products and their derivatives including fatty acids, probiotics, amino acids, curcumin, fucoidan, epigallocatechin-3-gallate, ginger, resveratrol and Boswellia serrata in the management of gastric cancer cachexia. (2) Results: While natural anti-inflammatory products show promise in a number of in vitro and in vivo studies, there are only a small number of human studies available. Where present, the evidence base is heterogeneous, with varying study methodologies and outcomes. (3) Conclusions: Natural anti-inflammatory products represent a potential adjunctive therapy for gastric cancer cachexia. Further research, particularly well-designed clinical trials, is needed to elucidate their optimal role, dosing and safety profiles in the management of gastric cancer cachexia.
What factors influence protein synthesis and degradation in critical illness?; Purpose of reviewThe optimal approach to improve protein metabolism in critical illness is not yet fully defined. Here, we have summarized recent literature dealing with the main catabolic and anabolic factors influencing protein kinetics in acute hypercatabolic patients.Recent findingsProtein/amino acid intake levels should be adapted to type and severity of illness, keeping in mind that energy overfeeding is associated with poor outcome. A number of anticatabolic nutraceuticals and drugs have been tested in acute patients. The encouraging results have been obtained with -hydroxy--methylbutyrate, omega-3 fatty acids, oxandrolone, propranolol, and metformin. Their efficacy and lack of side-effects need to be confirmed. Physical therapy, including muscle electro-stimulation, appears a very promising intervention, both effective and safe.SummaryProtein catabolism can be minimized in acute patients by adequate nutritional support, early mobilization, and, possibly, pharmacological and nutraceutical interventions. A combination of these strategies should be tested in randomized controlled trials.
Avocado oil (<i>Persea americana</i>) protects SH-SY5Y cells against cytotoxicity triggered by cortisol by the modulation of BDNF, oxidative stress, and apoptosis molecules; Chronic psycho-environmental stress can induce neurological dysfunction due to an increase in cortisol levels. It is possible that some food supplements could attenuate its negative impact, such as avocado oil (AO), which is rich in fatty acids with beneficial effects on the brain. This hypothesis was tested by an in vitro model using undifferentiated neuroblastoma cells (SH-SY5Y) exposed to hydrocortisone (HC), an active cortisol molecule with and without AO-supplementation. Cortisol can induce oxidative stress, apoptosis events, and a lowering effect on brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a neurogenic molecule. As AO protective effects on HC-exposed cells could involve these routes, some markers of these routes were compared among neuroblastoma cultures. In the first assay, the range concentrations of HC exposure that trigger cell mortality and range AO-concentrations that could revert the HC effect. AO at all concentrations tested (2-30 mu g/ml) did not present a cytotoxic effect on SH-SY5Y cells, whereas HC at 0.3-10 ng/ml had a dose-dependent cytotoxic effect on these cells. From these results, HC at 10 ng/ml and AO at 5 mu g/ml were chosen for mechanistic analysis. AO was able to decrease the oxidative molecules; however, both AO- and HC-induced differential and varied gene expression modulation of these enzymes. AO partially reverted the protein and gene expression of apoptotic markers that were higher in HC-exposed cells. AO also increases the BDNF levels, which are lower HC-exposed cultures. The results indicate that AO could be a beneficial supplement in situations where cortisol levels are elevated, including chronic psycho-environmental stress.
Effect of acute administration of <i>Pistacia lentiscus</i> L. essential oil on rat cerebral cortex following transient bilateral common carotid artery occlusion; Background: Ischemia/reperfusion leads to inflammation and oxidative stress which damages membrane highly polyunsaturated fatty acids (HPUFAs) and eventually induces neuronal death. This study evaluates the effect of the administration of Pistacia lentiscus L. essential oil (E.O.), a mixture of terpenes and sesquiterpenes, on modifications of fatty acid profile and endocannabinoid (eCB) congener concentrations induced by transient bilateral common carotid artery occlusion (BCCAO) in the rat frontal cortex and plasma.
CHANGES IN MYOCARDIAL EICOSANOID PRODUCTION FOLLOWING LONG-TERM DIETARY-LIPID SUPPLEMENTATION IN RATS; Recent studies demonstrate a strong link between the type of fat consumed and arrhythmogenesis and implicate altered production of eicosanoids as a potential mechanism. Thus, in a preliminary study designed to evaluate this hypothesis, five dietary lipid supplements-sunflower seed oil (SSO), chemically refined palm oil (PO I), physically refined palm oil (PO II), sheep fat (SF), and a 1:1 blend of SF and fish oil (SF-FO)-were compared for their effects on membrane-lipid composition and eicosanoid synthesis after a 12-mo prefeeding period. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of the myocardium showed significant alterations in response to dietary lipid treatment. Nevertheless, prostacyclin production was unaffected whereas both SF-FO and POI diets caused a significant inhibition of myocardial thromboxane A2 (TXA2). It is speculated that n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs may act as specific inhibitors of TXA2 synthetase whereas the PO I effect is unlikely to be mediated via fatty acids. These preliminary data are worthy of further investigation.
Comparative study of the nutritional composition of wild versus farmed yellowtail (<i>Seriola lalandi</i>); Understanding the quality of farmed fish and how the quality can vary and compare to the wild equivalent is central to ensuring aquaculture produced fish and products meet consumer and regulatory requirements. Proximate, fatty acid and mineral composition of farmed and wild yellowtail (S. lalandi) was established and compared. No difference in proximate composition (p = 0.05) between the farmed and wild fish was observed, whilst numerous differences were apparent in fatty acid and mineral compositions. The total SFA, MUFA and PUFA were statistically similar (p = 0.05) between the two groups (farmed versus wild); however differences at the subgroup and individual fatty acid levels were apparent. The farmed fish had significantly higher (p < 0.05) Omega 6 and omega 6/omega 3 and no statistical difference (p = 0.05) in total Omega 3 concentration between the two groups was found. Wild yellowtail had significantly (p < 0.05) higher and lower DHA (Docosahexaenoic acid) and EPA (Eicosapentaenoic acid), respectively compared to the farmed fish. An average consumer portion of wild yellowtail (200 g) had EPA + DHA concentrations exceeding the recommended dietary allowance whereas the farmed equivalent fell below this threshold. No conclusive result indicated which group (wild or farmed) had superior mineral composition and only four statistical differences were observed. Farmed fish had significantly higher (P < 0.05) levels of calcium and boron and lower (P < 0.05) levels of iron and zinc compared to the wild sampled fish. In addition, both groups had mineral concentrations below the recommended dietary allowance. Misconceptions and unsubstantiated consumer belief currently exist with regard to the nutritional quality of farmed versus wild fish and only limited comparative research has been conducted to date. Therefore this study provides novel information which can aid evidence based consumer decisions and choice whilst also highlighting shortcomings in current culture reared yellowtail.
Nutraceutical insight into Vegetables and their Potential for Nutrition Mediated Healthcare; Background: The connection between food and good health is not a new concept. Vegetables are being used as a source of nutrition since long. Dietary active components are essential for the normal functioning of the human body.
Assessing the Consumer Knowledge and Perception on Health Benefits of Fish Consumption - Evidence from the Tribal Populace of Wayanad; This study evaluated the knowledge, perception, and receptiveness of tribal population in Wayanad, Kerala, towards the health benefits on the consumption of fish and fish-based products. Data on 200 households were collected through a questionnaire, where 78% of respondents were females and 22% were males. The results of the survey indicated that only 34.5% of the respondents exhibited satisfactory knowledge on health benefits of fish consumption with an average score of 2.97. About 68.5% of the respondents had an unsatisfactory perception towards the benefits of fish consumption with an average score of 20. Misconceptions regarding the nutritional value of fish were prevalent among the respondents, including beliefs that fish lacks essential vitamins (76%) and is not a good source of omega-3 fatty acids (93.5%). However, positive perceptions were observed, with 89.5% recognizing potential of fish in preventing heart attacks and strokes. Moreover, 81% acknowledged that the consumption of fish can reduce the shrinkage of brain during old age. A significant share showed willingness to try fish-based products like fish balls and fish pappad, but most of them were less receptive to take fish-based products due to unfamiliarity, pricing and availability issues. These findings highlight the importance of targeted public health initiatives to address misconceptions about the consumption of fish to promote the consumption of fish and fish-based products for their numerous health benefits through awareness programme and education. Implementing strategies to increase the availability and accessibility of innovative fish-based products could further enhance their adoption among consumers, which could improve overall health and nutritional security in the tribal community.
A nutritionally-enhanced oil from transgenic Camelina sativa effectively replaces fish oil as a source of eicosapentaenoic acid for fish; For humans a daily intake of up to 500 mg omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) is recommended, amounting to an annual requirement of 1.25 million metric tonnes (mt) for a population of 7 billion people. The annual global supply of n-3 LC-PUFA cannot meet this level of requirement and so there is a large gap between supply and demand. The dietary source of n-3 LC-PUFA, fish and seafood, is increasingly provided by aquaculture but using fish oil in feeds to supply n-3 LC-PUFA is unsustainable. Therefore, new sources of n-3 LC-PUFA are required to supply the demand from aquaculture and direct human consumption. One approach is metabolically engineering oilseed crops to synthesize n-3 LC-PUFA in seeds. Transgenic Camelina sativa expressing algal genes was used to produce an oil containing n-3 LC-PUFA to replace fish oil in salmon feeds. The oil had no detrimental effects on fish performance, metabolic responses or the nutritional quality of the fillets of the farmed fish.
Sarcopenia in patients with colorectal cancer: A comprehensive review; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer globally and the second cancer in terms of mortality. The prevalence of sarcopenia in patients with CRC ranges between 12%-60%. Sarcopenia comes from the Greek "sarx" for flesh, and "penia" for loss. Sarcopenia is considered a phenomenon of the aging process and precedes the onset of frailty (primary sarcopenia), but sarcopenia may also result from pathogenic mechanisms and that disorder is termed secondary sarcopenia. Sarcopenia diagnosis is confirmed by the presence of low muscle quantity or quality. Three parameters need to be measured: muscle strength, muscle quantity and physical performance. The standard method to evaluate muscle mass is by analyzing the tomographic total cross-sectional area of all muscle groups at the level of lumbar 3rd vertebra. Sarcopenia may negatively impact on the postoperative outcomes of patients with colorectal cancer undergoing surgical resection. It has been described an association between sarcopenia and numerous poor short-term CRC outcomes like increased perioperative mortality, postoperative sepsis, prolonged length of stay, increased cost of care and physical disability. Sarcopenia may also negatively impact on overall survival, disease-free survival, recurrence-free survival, and cancer-specific survival in patients with non-metastatic and metastatic colorectal cancer. Furthermore, patients with sarcopenia seem prone to toxic effects during chemotherapy, requiring dose deescalations or treatment delays, which seems to reduce treatment efficacy. A multimodal approach including nutritional support (dietary intake, high energy, high protein, and omega-3 fatty acids), exercise programs and anabolic-orexigenic agents (ghrelin, anamorelin), could contribute to muscle mass preservation. Addition of sarcopenia screening to the established clinical-pathological scores for patients undergoing oncological treatment (chemotherapy, radiotherapy or surgery) seems to be the next step for the best of care of CRC patients.
The significance of feeding history on the value of heterotrophic microzooplankton as prey for larval crabs; Larvae of 4 species of crabs of the genus Cancer (C. gracills, C. magister, C. oregonensis and C. productus) were raised in the laboratory from hatching to the post-larval megalopa stage on diets of nauplii of the brine shrimp Artemia sp. and on 2 diets of the rotifer Brachionus plicatilis. One of the rotifer diets had been cultured on the chlorophyte Dunaliella tertiolecta, the other on the chrysophyte Isochrisis galbana. In 3 of the 4 crab species, Dunaliella-fed rotifers did not support development to the megalopa, whereas Isochrisis-fed rotifers did. In the fourth species, C. productus, survival to the megalopa was only 1% on Dunaliella-fed rotifers, whereas Isochrisis-fed rotifers supported development equal to that of the Artemia-fed control. Differences between the 2 rotifer diets were evident in all species by Stage 3, although the first significant occurrence of increased mortality on the Dunaliella-fed rotifer diet varied among species. In all 4 species, development rate was faster as early as the first molt on the Isochrisis-fed rotifer diet as compared to the Dunaliella-fed rotifer diet, a difference maintained throughout development. Only in C. gracilis did survival to the megalopa on the Isochrisis-fed rotifer fall substantially below that seen for Artemia-fed larvae. Stage mortality on the Isochrisis-fed rotifer diet typically equaled that of the Artemia sp. control. Differences in development rates between the Isochrisis-fed rotifer diet and the Artemia sp. diet varied among species, as did megalopa weight. We attribute differences between the 2 rotifer diets to the high content of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in I. galbana and their absence in D. tertiolecta. The value of heterotrophic microzooplankton as prey for crab larvae, either in culture or in nature, will depend upon the prey's own feeding history.
Preclinical and Clinical Studies on Antioxidative, Antihypertensive and Cardioprotective Effect of Marine Proteins and PeptidesA Review; High seafood consumption has traditionally been linked to a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases, mainly due to the lipid lowering effects of the long chained omega 3 fatty acids. However, fish and seafood are also excellent sources of good quality proteins and emerging documentation show that, upon digestion, these proteins are sources for bioactive peptides with documented favorable physiological effects such as antioxidative, antihypertensive and other cardioprotective effects. This documentation is mainly from in vitro studies, but also animal studies are arising. Evidence from human studies evaluating the positive health effects of marine proteins and peptides are scarce. In one study, a reduction in oxidative stress after intake of cod has been documented and a few human clinical trials have been performed evaluating the effect on blood pressure. The results are, however, inconclusive. The majority of the human clinical trials performed to investigate positive health effects of marine protein and lean fish intake, has focused on blood lipids. While some studies have documented a reduction in triglycerides after intake of lean fish, others have documented no effects.
Neurodegeneration from mitochondrial insufficiency: Nutrients, stem cells, growth factors, and prospects for brain rebuilding using integrative management; Degenerative brain disorders (neurodegeneration) can be frustrating for both conventional and alternative practitioners. A more comprehensive, integrative approach is urgently needed. One emerging focus for intervention is brain energetics. Specifically, mitochondrial insufficiency contributes to the etiopathology of many such disorders. Electron leakages inherent to mitochondrial energetics generate reactive oxygen "free radical" species that may place the ultimate limit on lifespan. Exogenous toxins, such as mercury and other environmental contaminants, exacerbate mitochondrial electron leakage, hastening their demise and that of their host cells. Studies of the brain in Alzheimer's and other dementias, Down syndrome, stroke, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Huntington's disease, Friedreich's ataxia, aging, and constitutive disorders demonstrate impairments of the mitochondrial citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation (OXPHOS) enzymes. Imaging or metabolic assays frequently reveal energetic insufficiency and depleted energy reserve in brain tissue in situ. Orthomolecular nutrients involved in mitochondrial metabolism provide clinical benefit. Among these are the essential minerals and the B vitamin group; vitamins E and K; and the antioxidant and energetic cofactors alpha-lipoic acid (ALA), ubiquinone (coenzyme Q10; CoQ10), and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide, reduced (NADH). Recent advances in the area of stem cells and growth factors encourage optimism regarding brain regeneration. The trophic nutrients acetyl L-carnitine (ALCAR), glycerophosphocholine (GPC), and phosphatidylserine (PS) provide mitochondrial support and conserve growth factor receptors; all three improved cognition in double-blind trials. The omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DNA) is enzymatically combined with GPC and PS to form membrane phospholipids for nerve cell expansion. Practical recommendations are presented for integrating these safe and well-tolerated orthomolecular nutrients into a comprehensive dietary supplementation program for brain vitality and productive lifespan.
Beyond Statins: Who and When to Prescribe?; Purpose of Review Statins are the most evidence-based therapy to target LDL-C to reduce atherosclerotic events. Yet, many people are unable to achieve adequate reduction in this key atherogenic factor. Moreover, residual risk of cardiovascular events may persist even after "optimal" LDL-C due to elevations in triglyceride-rich lipoproteins. Therefore, additional therapies beyond statins are needed, particularly in patients with diabetes.
Low Docosahexaenoic Acid Content in Plasma Phospholipids is Associated with Increased Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in China; A large proportion of the Chinese population is now at risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We aimed to investigate the relationship between plasma phospholipids (PL) fatty acids and the risk of NAFLD. One hundred NAFLD patients and 100 healthy subjects were recruited in Hangzhou, China. Plasma PL and selected biochemical and hematological parameters were analyzed by using standard methods. Stepwise logistic regression was used to identify independent risk factors of NAFLD. Plasma PL total saturated fatty acid (SFA), C20:3n-6, serum alanine aminotransferase, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and body mass index were independent risk factors of NAFLD. The risk of NAFLD was significantly increased with higher quartiles of plasma PL total SFA (P for trend = 0.028) and C20:3n-6 (P for trend < 0.001); plasma PL docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3) was significantly lower in NAFLD patients than in controls (P = 0.032) and the OR of NAFLD in the highest quartile of C22:6n-3 was 0.41 (95 % CI = 0.17-0.97) compared with the lowest quartile. In conclusion, plasma PL total SFA and C20:3n-6 are positively correlated with the risk of NAFLD, while C22:6n-3 is negatively correlated with the risk of NAFLD.
A prospective, randomized trial of early enteral feeding after resection of upper gastrointestinal malignancy; Objective
Scientific Opinion on the Tolerable Upper Intake Level of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA); Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver a scientific opinion on the Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) of the n-3 LCPUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). Available data are insufficient to establish a UL for n-3 LCPUFA (individually or combined) for any population group. At observed intake levels, consumption of n-3 LCPUFA has not been associated with adverse effects in healthy children or adults. Long-term supplemental intakes of EPA and DHA combined up to about 5 g/day do not appear to increase the risk of spontaneous bleeding episodes or bleeding complications, or affect glucose homeostasis immune function or lipid peroxidation, provided the oxidative stability of the n-3 LCPUFAs is guaranteed. Supplemental intakes of EPA and DHA combined at doses of 2-6 g/day, and of DHA at doses of 2-4 g/day, induce an increase in LDL-cholesterol concentrations of about 3 % which may not have an adverse effect on cardiovascular disease risk, whereas EPA at doses up to 4 g/day has no significant effect on LDL cholesterol. Supplemental intakes of EPA and DHA combined at doses up to 5 g/day, and supplemental intakes of EPA alone up to 1.8 g/day, do not raise safety concerns for adults. Dietary recommendations for EPA and DHA based on cardiovascular risk considerations for European adults are between 250 and 500 mg/day. Supplemental intakes of DHA alone up to about 1 g/day do not raise safety concerns for the general population. No data are available for DPA when consumed alone. In the majority of the human studies considered, fish oils, also containing DPA in generally unknown (but relatively low) amounts, were the source of EPA and DHA. (C) European Food Safety Authority, 2012.
Taking Advantage of Plant Defense Mechanisms to Promote Human Health. Exploitation of Plant Natural Products for Preventing or Treating Human Disease: Second of Two Parts; Background: Plants have been regarded as essential source of food for human beings, as confirmed by archeological studies that have revealed the presence of proteins from cereals and legumes on old pottery.
Fatty acid-genotype interactions and cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and rate of progression is determined by genetic, environmental and behavioural factors. Majority of genotype-diet-CVD phenotype research till date has focussed on the interactive impact of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) and dietary fat composition, on blood lipids levels, with strong evidence of the existence of hypo- and hyper-responders. However, a recognised concern in the field of nutrigenetics is a lack of consistency between findings of different studies. This apparent lack of consistency is likely to be attributable to the impact of factors such as ethnicity and gender on the 'size' of nutrigenetic interactions, a clear understanding of which needs to be gained. Although not yet ready for widespread use, in the future a greater use of genetic profiling is likely to enhance current strategies of CVD prediction, and improve the design of more personalised approaches to minimise risk in the individual. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effective Aspirin Treatment of Women at Risk for Preeclampsia Delays the Metabolic Clock of Gestation; Preeclampsia, characterized by the onset of hypertension with significant proteinuria after 20 weeks' gestation, is one of the leading causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Prophylactic low-dose aspirin treatment reduces the rate of preterm preeclampsia in high-risk women, but a significant proportion still develops preeclampsia. The mechanism of the prophylactic response is unknown. Here, the untargeted metabolomics analysis of 144 plasma samples from high-risk pregnant women before (11-13 weeks) and after (20-23 weeks) aspirin/placebo treatment elucidated metabolic effects of aspirin and metabolic differences potentially associated with the variation of the treatment response. We demonstrated that aspirin treatment resulted in a strong drug-associated metabolomics signature and that the preeclamptic or nonpreeclamptic outcome in response to treatment was significantly associated with the level of internal aspirin exposure ascertained from metabolomics data (t test, P=0.0083). Comparing women with and without preeclampsia after aspirin treatment, differences in 73 metabolites were detected, some of which involve pathways whose regulation is of importance in pregnancy and placental functions, such as glycerophospholipids metabolism, polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, and steroid hormone biosynthesis. To further examine the hypothesis that aspirin delays gestational age advancement and thus the onset of preeclampsia, we constructed a metabolic clock on pretreatment and placebo-treated samples that estimated gestational age with high accuracy and found that aspirin significantly decelerated metabolic gestational age by 1.27 weeks (95% CI, 0.66-1.88 weeks), and partially reversed one-fourth of the metabolites changed over gestational age advancement, suggesting that aspirin treatment slowed down the metabolic clock of gestation.
Krill oil reduces plasma triacylglycerol level and improves related lipoprotein particle concentration, fatty acid composition and redox status in healthy young adults - a pilot study; Background: Lipid abnormalities, enhanced inflammation and oxidative stress seem to represent a vicious circle in atherogenesis, and therapeutic options directed against these processes seems like a reasonable approach in the management of atherosclerotic disorders. Krill oil (RIMFROST Sublime (R)) is a phospholipid-rich oil with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA): docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) ratio of 1.8:1. In this pilot study we determined if krill oil could favourable affect plasma lipid parameters and parameters involved in the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis.
Recomendations on non-pharmacological interventions in women with PCOS to reduce body weight and improve metabolic disorders; Women with PCOS are characterised by ovarian hyperandrogenism, which, apart from fertility problems, hirsutism, acne, and androgenic alopecia, also leads to the development of central (android) obesity and its adverse metabolic consequences. Additionally, women with PCOS have intrinsic insulin resistance (IR) with its consequent hyperinsulinaemia, which leads to the development of atherosclerosis, arterial hypertension, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), which give rise to cardiovascular disease (CVD), being the main cause of death among women. Although there are several publications on the topic of life-style changes in women with PCOS to normalise body weight and thus to reduce the adverse metabolic consequences of obesity, such as T2DM and CVD, the number of randomised studies that would enable the formation of strong recommendations is very limited. Nevertheless, taking into consideration the pathophysiology, any intervention implementing healthy dietary habits leading to the reduction of body weigh should be the core of non-pharmacological treatment in women with PCOS. The aim of the given recommendations herein is to point out and systemise the interventions on lifestyle change in women with PCOS as well as to form a practical guideline for the health care specialists, dieticians, and mental-therapists (psychologist) who take care of women with this syndrome.
Effects of modified dietary fishmeal on broiler performance and meat quality; The modified dietary fishmeal (MDFM) (25% of total protein and 25% of crude fat) was administered in starter and grower mixtures in the amounts: O (group I - control) 5 (group 2) and 8% (group 3I) over a period of 42 days of broiler feeding. An estimation of broiler performance (body weight, feed intake, chicken mortality) and slaughter analysis of the after slaughter quality of the broilers was carried out. Sensory parameters (color, taste, smell, tenderness and juiciness of meat) of breast and thigh muscles and their physical and chemical features (dry matter content, crude fat, total cholesterol and pH, polyunsaturated fatty acid, including PUFA, n-6 and n-3) were also evaluated. An improvement of the effectiveness of broiler feeding was determined, but it also caused a worsening of the sensory features of the meat (fish odor). The intensive fish flavor was eliminated in group 2 after the broilers were fed the grower mixture without MDFM for about 7 days before the slaughter of the birds. Broiler muscles from groups 2 and 3 had a significantly higher content of raw fat and total cholesterol in comparison with the control group. At the same time an increased content of PUFA n-3 and a decreased rate of n-6/n-3 was determined in the meat of broilers fed with the MDFM supplement. These results are profitable, especially from the point of view of the nutritional quality of the meat.
Reduction of cholesterol in beef suet using lecithin; Dietary fats have been implicated in the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), and cholesterol-lowering procedures have attracted much attention since the link between cholesterol and CHD was established. This study aims to investigate the cholesterol-lowering effect of soybean lecithin on bleached and deodorized beef suet, a slaughterhouse by-product. Beef suet was bleached, deodorized and subjected to lecithin treatment, and the effects of lecithin-to-suet ratio, stirring time, stirring rate, and lecithin-to-water ratio on cholesterol reduction were investigated. Bleaching and deodorization, increasing of lecithin to-suet ratio, stirring rate, and stirring time up to 1.5 h elicited a linear reduction in cholesterol content, although further stirring showed no evidence of significant cholesterol reduction. In addition, different lecithin-to-water ratios did not show significant effect on cholesterol removal content. in all, up to 54.8% of bleached and deodorized beef suet cholesterol was reduced by lecithin treatment. Moreover, treatment with lecithin demonstrated an increase in suet-free fatty acids and color value with no effect on peroxide value. In conclusion, our observations suggest lecithin treatment as an appropriate method to reduce cholesterol in beef suet. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of fish oil on hypertension, plasma lipids, and tumor necrosis factor-α in rats with sucrose-induced metabolic syndrome; Dietary fish oil rich in (n-3) fatty acids plays an important role in reducing abnormalities associated with the metabolic syndrome and mortality from coronary heart disease. We investigated the effects of dietary fish oil on the metabolic syndrome in a high-sucrose-fed rat model. The model was achieved by the administration of 30% sucrose in drinking water in male Wistar rats during 21 weeks. After the metabolic syndrome rat model was established, fish oil was administered during 6 weeks. The metabolic syndrome rats showed significant increases in body weight, systolic blood pressure, serum insulin, total lipids, triacylglycerols, cholesterol, free fatty acids, LDL, total proteins, albumin, and serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). They also presented abdominal and epididymal fat accumulation and fatty liver. After fish oil diet administration, metabolic syndrome rats had a significant reduction in blood pressure, serum insulin, triacylglycerols, cholesterol, free fatty acids, and total lipids, but no change was observed in TNF-alpha concentration or fat accumulation. In conclusion, fish oil reversed the alterations on metabolic parameters and blood pressure exerted by sucrose administration, although it had no effect on TNF-alpha production and adiposity. This confirms the theory that the molecular etiology of the metabolic syndrome is multifactorial, as is the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) upon it, having complex and multifaceted actions. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
