Lipid emulsions in parenteral nutrition of intensive care patients: current thinking and future directions; Energy deficit is a common and serious problem in intensive care units and is associated with increased rates of complications, length of stay, and mortality. Parenteral nutrition (PN), either alone or in combination with enteral nutrition, can improve nutrient delivery to critically ill patients. Lipids provide a key source of calories within PN formulations, preventing or correcting energy deficits and improving outcomes.
The key contribution of platelet and vascular arachidonic acid metabolism to the pathophysiology of atherothrombosis; Arachidonic acid is one of the most abundant and ubiquitous omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, present in esterified form in the membrane phospholipids of all mammalian cells and released from phospholipids by several phospholipases in response to various activating or inhibitory stimuli. Arachidonic acid is the precursor of a large number of enzymatically and non-enzymatically derived, biologically active autacoids, including prostaglandins (PGs), thromboxane (TX) A(2), leukotrienes, and epoxyeicosatetraenoic acids (collectively called eicosanoids), endocannabinoids and isoprostanes, respectively. Eicosanoids are local modulators of the physiological functions and pathophysiological rotes of blood vessels and platelets. For example, the importance of cyctooxygenase (COX)-1-derived TXA(2) from activated platelets in contributing to primary haemostasis and atherothrombosis is demonstrated in animal and human models by the bleeding complications and cardioprotective effects associated with low-dose aspirin, a selective inhibitor of platelet COX-1. The relevance of vascular COX-2-derived prostacyclin (PGI(2)) in endothelial thromboresistance and atheroprotection is clearly shown by animal and human models and by the adverse cardiovascular effects exerted by COX-2 inhibitors in humans. A vast array of arachidonic acid-transforming enzymes, downstream synthases and isomerases, transmembrane receptors, and specificity in their tissue expression make arachidonic acid metabolism a fine-tuning system of vascular health and disease. Its pharmacological regulation is central in human cardiovascular diseases, as demonstrated by biochemical measurements and intervention trials.
Enteral feeding; In this review, topics with scientific strength, topical interest, and controversy were selected. Over the past 60 years, malnutrition has become increasingly recognized as a cause of increased morbidity and mortality in hospital patients. From 1970 to 1980, parenteral nutrition was advocated as the most appropriate form of nutritional therapy for hospital patients. Since then, parenteral nutrition has been replaced by enteral nutrition as the best way of delivering nutrients to hospital patients. The timing of enteral nutrition has been debated. Should it be instituted early, within the first 24 hours? In addition, enteral nutrition containing immune-enhancing nutrients such as arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, glutamine, and nucleotides has been advocated for critically ill patients. The relative merits of enteral versus total parenteral nutrition continue to be debated. Questions about possible complications related to enteral nutrition have been raised. Patients are at risk of nosocomial pneumonia from aspiration and at risk of bowel ischemia because enteral nutrition increases intestinal oxygen consumption. Steroids are often used to treat Crohn disease, but because of undesirable side effects, various techniques have been used to reduce steroid dependency. Enteral nutrition has been advocated as a way of reducing steroid dependency. Finally, enteral nutrition is routinely used to feed demented patients and those in a vegetative state. It is not clear whether this practice alters outcome or quality of life. (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins, Inc.
Clinical Overview of Arthritis with a Focus on Management Options and Preventive Lifestyle Measures for its Control; Arthritis is the spectrum of conditions that cause swelling and tenderness of one or more body joints with key symptoms of joint pain and stiffness. Its progression is closely linked to age. Although there are a number of arthritis types, such as ankylosing, gout, joint infections, juvenile idiopathic, reactive, and septic, the two most common types are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. Osteoarthritis causes the articulating smooth cartilage that covers the ends of bones, forming a joint, to break down. Rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the immune system attacks joints, beginning with the cartilaginous lining of the joints. The latter is considered a systemic disease, i.e., affecting many parts of the body, but the respiratory system is involved in 10 to 20% of all mortality. Osteoarthritis is one of the leading causes of disability globally. Several preventive measures to control arthritis have been suggested, such as using analgesics, non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs, moderate to vigorous physical activity and exercise, reducing sedentary hours, getting adequate sleep, and maintaining healthy body weight. Foods including a Mediterranean diet rich in fruits and vegetables, fish oil, medicinal plants, and microbiota are vital protective methods. The intake of vitamins, such as A and C, minerals, e.g., selenium and zinc, polyunsaturated and n-3 fatty acids, is also a significant preventive measure.
Aspirin and blood pressure: Effects when used alone or in combination with antihypertensive drugs; Arterial hypertension is a major risk factor for cardiovascular and renal events. Lowering blood pressure is thus an important strategy for reducing morbidity and mortality. Since low-dose aspirin is a cornerstone in the prevention of adverse cardiovascular outcomes, combined treatment with aspirin and antihypertensive drugs is very common. However, the impact of aspirin therapy on blood pressure control remains a subject of intense debate.
Recent advances in cardiovascular aspects of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been associated with increased cardiovascular risk (CVR) markers, but population studies have not clarified whether there is an increase in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Four different PCOS phenotypes resulted from the Rotterdam criteria that may differ in their CVR potential, thus introducing further complexity. This has led to studies using surrogate CVR markers including biomarkers in blood and imaging such as flow-mediated vasodilatation. In PCOS, both peripheral and central insulin resistance (IR) have been shown. Weight loss has been shown to improve IR and visceral fat, while insulin sensitizer therapies with metformin or thiazolidinediones improve IR and endothelial dysfunction. IR is also found in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease that in turn is very common in PCOS; studies have suggested that IR may be improved by treatment with metformin and omega-3 fish oils. PCOS patients have a more dyslipidemic phenotype that is worse in 'classical PCOS' associated with a higher CVR. Studies with atorvastatin and simvastatin have reported a decrease in the lipid parameters and an improvement in CVR indices including IR, but it is unclear whether this is due to their lipid-lowering action or a pleiotropic effect of the statin. In this expert opinion review, the relevant literature published during the last 2 years was considered. It focuses on some recent important data that has emerged while also exposing the gaps that remain in our knowledge that need to be addressed.
Prediction and Prevention of Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia increases maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality rates. Much research has been done to identify unique screening tests that would predict the risk of developing preeclampsia before the classic symptoms appear. The possible use of a screening test with high predictive accuracy in patients with high-risk or low-risk of preeclampsia remains to be investigated. At present, the search for additional tests continues. There is growing interest in the use of combinations of tests. Effective primary prevention is not possible because the causes are still unknown, but to identify and to modify susceptible risk factors might decrease the frequency of preeclampsia. A community guideline improves the screening and early detection of preeclampsia, and uniforms the referral thresholds and assessment procedures. Secondary prevention with calcium supplementation and aspirin administration during pregnancy are beneficial in low calcium intake women and in the patient at a very high risk of developing severe early onset disease. Lifestyle choices, dietary nutritional measures (antioxidant as vitamin C, vitamin E, lycopene, selenium, zinc, magnesium and the mitochondrial antioxidants nicotine, coenzyme Q10 and melatonin; and other dietary nutritional measures as low dietary salt, omega 3 fatty acids, folic acid, garlic, nutritional advice, protein and energy supplementation, isocaloric balanced protein and protein and energy restriction for obese women) and others drugs; have not shown benefits or there is insufficient evidence to recommend clinical use. Proper antenatal care and timed delivery are of utmost importance in tertiary prevention.
Trans Fatty Acids: Are Its Cardiovascular Risks Fully Appreciated?; Objective: The goal of this article was to review the causal link between trans fatty acids (TFA) produced from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (PHVO) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and its likely mechanisms. The potential risk of TFA from ruminant dairy and meats, which are currently the major sources of dietary TFA, is also discussed.
Fasting during Ramadan induces a marked increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and decrease in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; We demonstrated for the first time in a Moroccan population that fasting during Ramadan, the ninth lunar month of the Muslims' year, affected lipid and lipoprotein metabolism in a group of 32 healthy adult male volunteers. This investigation was conducted to study the changes in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, cholesterol in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL), glucose, and body weight during Ramadan. The results showed a significant decrease (7.9%, p < 0.001) in serum total cholesterol concentration during Ramadan as compared with the prefasting period. Also, we obtained a significant decrease of serum triglyceride concentration (30%, p < 0.001) during Ramadan fasting as compared to the period before Ramadan. The reduction of both serum triglycerides and total cholesterol was maintained 1 month after Ramadan. By the end of Ramadan, serum HDL cholesterol had markedly increased (14.3%, p < 0.001) and remained elevated 1 month after Ramadan in contrast to LDL cholesterol which showed a significant decrease (11.7%, p < 0.001) also maintained 1 month after Ramadan. Mean body weight declined by 2.6% (p < 0.01) on day 29 of Ramadan, whereas during Ramadan, the diet pattern used by our subjects showed an increase of total energy intake due to carbohydrates (+1.4% of total energy), proteins (+0.4% of total energy) but not fat (-0.7% of total energy) compared to a usual diet used throughout the rest of the year. Moreover, the fat diet is high in monounsaturated (p < 0.05) and polyunsaturated fatty acid in contrast to saturated fatty acid which significantly (p < 0.05) decreased during Ramadan. These findings suggest that feeding behavior that occurs during Ramadan beneficially affects plasma lipids and lipoproteins.
Biological activity of olive tree polyphenolic compounds; The Mediterranean diet as popularized by the Cretan cohort in the seven country study, is associated with low cardiovascular mortality. The benefits might be due to either high intake of fruits and vegetables rich in antioxidants or consumption of olive oil rich in oleic acid and phenolic compounds.
Dietary fat and gut microbiota: mechanisms involved in obesity control; Obesity is a serious global health problem that is directly related to various morbidities manifestation. Intestinal dysbiosis has been implicated on obesity pathogenesis. Diet composition can alter gut microbiota, regardless of energy intake. Dietary fatty acids quality may affect gut microbiota composition, which in turn may affect host metabolic health. The mechanisms by which the different type of FFA modulate gut microbiota is yet poor elucidate and there is a lack of studies regard to this. Fatty acids may act in cell membrane, interfere with energy production, inhibit enzymatic activities, impair nutrient absorption and generate toxic compounds to cells, leading to growth inhibition or even bacterial death. The beneficial effect of the consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on microbiota, unlike n-6 PUFA and saturated fatty acids has been suggested. n-3 PUFA consumption promotes desirable changes on obese intestinal microbiota making it similar to that of normal weight individuals. More studies are needed to better understand the effect of CLA on microbiota and host health. Long term human controlled clinical trials must be conducted to allow us to understand the complex interaction between dietary fat, intestinal microbiota and obesity.
Association of Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D and Vitamin D Intake with the Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Korean Adults: 2013-2014 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey; Vitamin D deficiency is prevalent in Korea and an insufficient vitamin D status increases the risk of various chronic diseases including metabolic syndrome (MetS). We examined the relationship between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels, dietary vitamin D intake, and MetS. The 2013-2014 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey's (KNHANES) included participants (n = 4.541; 1145 men; 1368 women) who were aged >= 19. In men, higher serum 25(OH)D levels were correlated with significantly increased protein intake (p = 0.032) and saturated fatty acid intake (p = 0.006), but significantly decreased fat intake (p = 0.027), monounsaturated fatty acid intake (p = 0.005), and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake (p = 0.003), and significantly decreased serum triglycerides levels (p = 0.002), whereas women had no association with any dietary intake or biochemical markers. Furthermore, our study found a significant negative correlation between abdominal obesity (OR, 0.970; CI, 0.946, 0.994) and hypertriglyceridemia (OR, 0.974; CI, 0.950, 0.998) and serum 25(OH)D levels in men, as well as a significant decrease in hypertriglyceridemia (OR, 0.980; CI, 0.961, 0.999) with vitamin D intake. However, women had a significantly negative correlation between serum LDL cholesterol (beta, -1.751; p = 0.018) and vitamin D intake. By increasing the vitamin D intake and serum 25(OH)D levels, Korean adults could reduce their risk of MetS-related factors.
Nutrition in acute pancreatitis; Nutritional concepts in acute pancreatitis are undergoing a rapid change. An early start of nutrition via nasojejunal tubes is about to replace parenteral nutrition. Yesterday it was believed that the pancreas had to be put at rest. Thus, stimulation of pancreatic secretion by enteral nutrition was believed to be detrimental. However, on comparing the results of enteral with those of parenteral nutrition, the pancreatic infection rates, rate of surgical interventions, days of hospital stay, and costs are found to be significantly reduced. Whether or not enteral nutrition decreases mortality has not been clearly proven. Pancreatitis is associated with the risk of paralytic ileus. Thus, data suggesting that one does not have to feed via a nasojejunal tube but rather via an easier to place nasogastric tube, are provocative. Numerous questions still have to be answered such as composition of tube diet, nutrition in mild to moderate pancreatitis, ways to reduce pain and composition of diet when oral refeeding is started. The nutrition of tomorrow may implicate immunonutrition. There are only a few small studies suggesting beneficial effects by supplementation of tube feeding with MCF/LCT triglycerides, glutamine, arginin, omega-3-fatty acids, nucleotides. So far, these supplements have failed to show efficacy for clinically relevant endpoints. In an recently published study, prebiotics were associated with a high complication rate. In this review, we summarise the current knowledge on nutrition in acute pancreatitis and discuss future developments.
Association between Changes in Nutrient Intake and Changes in Muscle Strength and Physical Performance in the SarcoPhAge Cohort; Muscle weakness and physical performance impairment are common geriatric conditions that raise morbidity and mortality. They are known to be affected by nutrition, but only a few longitudinal studies exist. This study aims to fill this gap by exploring the association, over 3 years, between variations of nutrient intakes, as well as, on one side, the variations of handgrip strength, as a surrogate of muscle strength, and on the other side, the physical performance, assessed by gait speed. Participants from the SarcoPhAge study, a Belgian cohort of people aged 65 years and older, were asked to complete a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at the second (T2) and the fifth (T5) year of follow-up. Daily macro- and micronutrient intakes were measured and their changes in consumption over the three years of follow-up were then calculated. The association between changes in nutrients consumption and the variations in muscle parameters were investigated through multiple linear regressions. Out of the 534 participants included in the cohort, 238 had complete data at T2 and T5 (median age of 72.0 years (70.0-78.0 years), 60.9% women). In the cross-sectional analysis, calories, omega-3 fatty acids, potassium, and vitamins D, A, and K intakes were positively correlated with muscle strength. In the longitudinal analysis, neither the gait speed nor the muscle strength changes were significantly impacted by the variations. Other longitudinal investigations with longer follow-up are required to improve knowledge about these interrelations.
FINAL REPORT ON THE SAFETY ASSESSMENT OF ARACHIDONIC-ACID; Arachidonic Acid is an essential, polyunsaturated, fatty acid that is used as a surfactant-cleansing agent and a surfactant-emulsifying agent in cosmetic formulations. Arachidonic Acid is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and the circulatory system; it distributes rapidly into the lipid compartment of the body and is rapidly converted to phospholipid by the liver.
The role of biofactors in the prevention and treatment of age-related diseases; The present demographic changes toward an aging society caused a rise in the number of senior citizens and the incidence and burden of age-related diseases (such as cardiovascular diseases [CVD], cancer, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease [NAFLD], diabetes mellitus, and dementia), of which nearly half is attributable to the population >= 60 years of age. Deficiencies in individual nutrients have been associated with increased risks for age-related diseases and high intakes and/or blood concentrations with risk reduction. Nutrition in general and the dietary intake of essential and nonessential biofactors is a major determinant of human health, the risk to develop age-related diseases, and ultimately of mortality in the older population. These biofactors can be a cost-effective strategy to prevent or, in some cases, even treat age-related diseases. Examples reviewed herein include omega-3 fatty acids and dietary fiber for the prevention of CVD, alpha-tocopherol (vitamin E) for the treatment of biopsy-proven nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, vitamin D for the prevention of neurodegenerative diseases, thiamine and alpha-lipoic acid for the treatment of diabetic neuropathy, and the role of folate in cancer epigenetics. This list of potentially helpful biofactors in the prevention and treatment of age-related diseases, however, is not exhaustive and many more examples exist. Furthermore, since there is currently no generally accepted definition of the term biofactors, we here propose a definition that, when adopted by scientists, will enable a harmonization and consistent use of the term in the scientific literature.
Xeropthalmia and Its Preventions through Different Strategies: A Review; Xerothalmia is a progressive disorder which results due to deficiency of vitamin A. It is a form of dry eye that can dry out yours tears duct and eyes and it was recognized medically as far back as 1520BC. It can mainly result into night blindness which is a condition when person is unable to see in dim light which results due to low serum retinol levels in the body and it can cause serious damage to cornea which is the outer layer of our eyes and eye fail to produce tears. Vitamin A deficiency and Xerothalmia particularly affect the children who are suffering from measles or malnutrition and it also affects pregnant women. Vitamin A deficiency can form white spots on our eyes and may cause ulcers on our cornea. It is one of the major eye disorders all over the globe and it results due to several factors such as poor dietary consumption of fruits and vegetables, smoking, poor socioeconomic status, poor absorption of vitamin A in the body, malnution in children and poor dietary habits. It is most common in children of 4-5 age group and it also causes morbidity and mortality among the children studying in school in many developing nations. It can be prevented by using administration of retinol rich foods, lifestyle management, healthy and nutritional dietary intake, proper counselling of patient, artificial tear administration, consumption of omega 3 fatty acids, carotenoid rich foods and vitamin A therapy.
Differential Effects of Two Isocaloric Healthy Diets on Postprandial Lipid Responses in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; Background. High blood concentrations of triglycerides (TG) in the postprandial period have been shown to be more closely associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) than fasting values in individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Dietary changes are the primary determinants of postprandial lipid responses. Methods. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric multifactorial diet, rich in n-3 PUFA, MUFA, fiber, polyphenols, and vitamins, compared to an isocaloric diet, containing the same amount of MUFA, on the postprandial lipid response in T2D individuals. Following a randomized, controlled, parallel group design, 43 (25 male/18 female) T2D individuals were assigned to an isocaloric multifactorial (n = 21) or a MUFA-rich diet (n = 22). At the beginning and after the 8 weeks of dietary intervention, the concentrations of plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and non-HDL cholesterol were detected at fasting and over a 4-h test meal with the same composition as the prescribed diet. Results. The concentrations of fasting plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and non-HDL cholesterol did not change after both diets. Compared with the MUFA diet, the 8-week multifactorial diet significantly lowered the postprandial response, which was evaluated as the incremental area under the curve (iAUC), of triglycerides by 33% (64 +/- 68 vs. 96 +/- 50 mmol/L center dot 240 min, mean +/- SD, respectively, p = 0.018), total cholesterol by 105% (-51 +/- 33 vs. -25 +/- 29, p = 0.013), and non-HDL cholesterol by 206% (-39 +/- 33 vs. -13 +/- 23, p = 0.013). Conclusions. In T2D individuals, a multifactorial diet, characterized by several beneficial components, improved the postprandial lipid response compared to a MUFA diet, generally considered a healthy diet being reduced in saturated fat, and probably contributed to the reduction of cardiovascular risk.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ expression in human malignant and normal brain, breast and prostate-derived cells; The constitutive and gamma -linolenic acid (GLA)-induced expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) immunoreactive protein in a panel of human malignant brain (U87MG,T98G); breast (MCF-7, MB MDA-231, MB MDA 435) and prostate (ALVA, DU-145, LNCaP, PC3) cell lines have been compared with those for their normal cell counterparts, the human normal astrocyte (NHA), mammary epithelial (HMEC) and prostate epithelial (PrEC) cells, respectively. Constitutive levels of expression for PPAR gamma protein were significantly higher in the malignant cell lines relative to their normal cells. GLA supplementation did not affect the protein expression in malignant cells but caused 6- and 3-fold increases in normal breast and prostate cells, respectively. Since activation of PPAR gamma protein in some human malignant cell lines has been demonstrated to induce tumour cell death, these findings signal the need to exploit the significantly elevated expression of this protein in the therapy of human cancer. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Clinical Strategies for Managing Dyslipidemias; Dyslipidemia is defined as elevated fasting blood levels of total cholesterol (TC), and its primary lipoprotein carrier-low-density lipoprotein (LDL), triglycerides (TG), or reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL), alone, or in combination (mixed dyslipidemia). Dyslipidemia is well known to be associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. All patients with dyslipidemia should initiate therapeutic lifestyle changes to target lifestyle-related factors such as physical inactivity, dietary habits, and obesity. The combination of a proper dietary plan and regular aerobic exercise has been reported to lower TC, LDL-C, and TG by 7% to 18%, while increasing HDL-C by 2% to 18%. Numerous pharmacological therapies are available and aggressive therapy using a HMG-CoA reductase (3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme A reductase) inhibitor (statins) should be initiated if lifestyle therapy is not enough to achieve optimal lipid levels with a primary target of lowering LDL-C levels. Aggressive treatment of dyslipidemia with maximal dosage of statin drugs have been reported to reduce LDL-C by 30% to 60%. If mixed dyslipidemia is present, a combination therapy with statin, niacin, cholestyramine, or fibrates should be initiated to reduce the risk of CVD events. These strategies have been shown to reduce CVD risk and optimize LDL-C levels in primary and secondary prevention of CVD.
TRANS FATTY ACIDS: NATURE, ORIGIN AND IMPACT ON HEALTH; Trans fatty acids include mono-and poly-unsaturated fatty acids having methylene interrupted double bonds. Trans monounsaturated fatty acids are formed during hydrogenation of oils to produce margarine and shortening but are also present in ruminant meat and milk as a result of biohydrogenation in the rumen. The linoleic and a-linolenic acid trans isomers may also be present in non-hydrogenated fats as the result of exposure of these polyunsaturated fatty acids to heat treatment, such as steam deodorization, or deep fat frying in food. Trans monounsaturated isomers are the major trans isomers consumed by humans. Data on trans fatty acids were obtained from nutritional interventions but also from epidemiological studies. For example, a meta analysis of 60 controlled trials published between 1970 to 1998 which included over 1,600 volunteers showed that replacing carbohydrates isoenergetically (1% of total energy) by 18:1 trans would increase LDL cholesterol while the effect on HDL would be similar. The calculated impact on the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL would be of + 0.022nmoles/L (p= 0.015). A recent meta analysis of the four larger epidemiological studies showed that increasing the total energy intake with 2% trans fatty acids would result in a 23% increase in cardiovascular disease risk.
The Association Between Vascular Inflammation and Depressive Disorder. Causality, Biomarkers and Targeted Treatment; Diabetes, obesity, atherosclerosis, and myocardial infarction are frequently co-morbid with major depressive disorder. In the current review, it is argued that vascular inflammation is a factor that is common to all disorders and that an endothelial dysfunction of the blood-brain barrier could be involved in the induction of depression symptoms. Biomarkers for vascular inflammation include a high plasma level of C-reactive protein, soluble cell-adhesion molecules, von Willebrand factor, aldosterone, and proinflammatory cytokines like interleukin-6 or tumor necrosis factor alpha. A further possible biomarker is flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery. Treatment of vascular inflammation is expected to prevent or to reduce symptoms of depression. Several tentative treatments for this form of depression can be envisioned: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), valproate, Vagus-nerve stimulation, nicotinic alpha 7 agonists, and agonists of the cannabinoid CB2-receptor.
Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) Sensitizes Brain Tumor Cells to Etoposide-Induced Apoptosis; In this study, we investigated whether DHA, a nutritionally important n-3 unsaturated fatty acid, modulated the sensitivity of brain tumor cells to the anticancer drug, etoposide (VP16). Medulloblastoma (MB) cell lines, Daoy and D283, and glioblastoma (GBM) cell lines, U138 and U87, were exposed to DHA or VP16 alone or in combination. The effects on cell proliferation and the induction of apoptosis were determined by using MTS and Hoechest 33342/PI double staining. U87 and U138 cells were found to be insensitive to the addition of DHA and VP16, whereas the two MB cell lines showed high sensitivity. DHA or VP16 alone showed little effect on cell proliferation or death in either the MB or GBM cell lines, but pretreatment with DHA enhanced the responsiveness to VP16 in the MB cell lines. To understand the mechanisms of combined DHA and VP16 on MB cells, pathway specific oligo array analyses were performed to dissect possible signaling pathways involved. The addition of DHA and VP16, in comparison to VP16 added alone, resulted in marked suppression in the expression of several genes involved in DNA damage repair, cell proliferation, survival, invasion, and angiogenesis, including PRKDC, Survivin, PIK3R1, MAPK14, NF kappa B1, NF kappa BIA, BCL2, CD44, and MAT1. These results suggest (1) that the effects of DHA and VP16 in brain tumor cells are mediated in part by the down regulation of events involved in DNA repair and the PI3K/MAPK signaling pathways and (2) that brain tumors genotypically mimicked by MB cells may benefit from therapies combining DHA with VP16.
Interaction between diets, polymorphisms and plasma lipid levels; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Dietary guidelines that aim to manage fat intake reduce CVD, but an important interindividual variability in plasma lipid responsiveness is observed in individuals following these diets. This interdividual variability in response to diets may be attributable to several single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in genes encoding key proteins involved in lipoprotein metabolism. In this article, we discuss the effect of different diets, classified by type of dietary fats, on plasma lipid levels in relationship to various polymorphisms in key genes that may affect lipid and lipoprotein metabolism. In summary, various polymorphisms may predispose an individual to be more or less responsive to a specific dietary intervention; however, future studies need to be conducted to confirm the effect of these various SNPs. In conclusion, this article reinforces the importance of taking account genetic variability into account in order to personalize potential future dietary recommendations for the prevention and management of hyperlipidemia.
Unfavourable plasma and erythrocyte phospholipid fatty acid profile in elite amateur boxers; Research on possible physiological changes as a consequence of a specific lifestyle and long-term strenuous exercise in boxing has been sparse. We determined plasma and erythrocyte phospholipid (PL) fatty acids (FA) profile of 16 elite amateur male boxers (22.4 +/- 3.3 years of age), and compared them with a control group composed of 19 sedentary (24.4 +/- 3.4) year-old men. The percentages of total saturated fatty acids (SFA) and monosaturated FA in plasma phospholipids were significantly higher (P <0.001) in boxers compared to the control group. On the other hand, all studied polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in plasma PL with the exception of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5, n-3) and docosatetraenoic acid (DTA, 22:4, n-6) were significantly lower in boxers than in sedentary men. Total PUFA, n-6 PUFA and n-3 PUFA were also significantly lower in boxers (P <0.001), whereas the n-6/n-3 ratio was higher in boxers than in control group (P <0.01). Boxers had significantly higher proportion of all SFA in erythrocyte PL compared to the control group (P <0.05). In addition, the percentage of linoleic acid was lower in boxers' erythrocyte PL than in the control group (P <0.05). The results show two potentially unfavourable main features of the FA profile of boxers, that is, a higher n-6/n-3 ratio in plasma PL and a higher percentage of SFA in both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids compared to controls. As SFA correlates directly with the incidence of cardiovascular disease and high n-6/n-3 ratio has been shown to stimulate carcinogenesis and modulate inflammation and autoimmunity, this profile could be detrimental to the health of boxers. The mechanism underlying these differences requires further investigation; however the results suggest benefits of nutritional intervention.
Palmitate alters neuregulin signaling and biology in cardiac myocytes; The saturated fatty acid palmitate alters normal cell function via disruption of cell signaling, and this effect has been implicated in the end-organ damage associated with dyslipidemia. Neuregulin-1 beta (NRG-1 beta) is a growth and survival factor in cardiac myocytes. We tested the hypothesis that palmitate alters NRG-1 beta signaling and biology in isolated neonatal rat cardiac myocytes. Palmitate treatment inhibited NRG-1 beta activation of the PI3-kinase/Akt pathway in myocytes. We found that the pro-apoptotic activity of palmitate was increased by NRG-1 beta treatment. The effects of palmitate on NRG-1 beta, signaling and Survival were reversed by the mono-unsaturated fatty acid oleate. Under control conditions NRG-1 beta decreases p53 expression in myocytes. In the presence of palmitate, NRG-1 beta caused an increase in p53 expression, bax multimer formation, concurrent with degradation of mdm2, a negative regulator of p53. Thus in the presence of palmitate NRG-1 beta activates pro-apoptotic, rather than pro-survival signaling in cardiac myocytes. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hydrogen peroxide permeability of cellular membranes in insulin-producing cells; Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) plays a central role in redox signalling and in oxidative stress-mediated cell death. It is generated through multiple mechanisms at various intracellular sites. Due to its chemical stability it can reach distant sites of action. However, its hydrophilicity can hamper lipid membrane passage. We therefore studied the kinetics of H2O2 diffusion through subcellular membranes employing the H2O2 biosensor HyPer in insulin-producing RINm5F cells.
Hyperglycemic damage to mitochondrial membranes during cerebral ischemia: Amelioration by platelet-activating factor antagonist BN 50739; The Pulsinelli-Brierley four-vessel occlusion model was used to study the consequences of hyperglycemic ischemia and reperfusion. Rats were subjected to either 30 min of normo-or hyperglycemic ischemia or 30 min of normo-or hyperglycemic ischemia followed by 60 min of reperfusion, In some animals, 2 mg/kg BN 50739, a platelet-activating factor receptor antagonist, was administered intraarterially either before or after the ischemic insult. The changes in mitochondrial membrane free fatty acid levels, phosphatidylcholine fatty acyl composition, and thiobarbituric acid-reactive material (TEAR) content plus the mitochondrial respiratory control ratio (RCR) were monitored. When the platelet-activating factor antagonist was present during normoglycemia, (a) the mitochondrial free fatty acid release both during and after ischemia was slowed, (b) reacylation of phosphatidylcholine following ischemia was promoted, and (c) TEAR accumulation during and following ischemia was decreased. The detrimental effects of hyperglycemia were muted when BN 50739 was present during ischemia. The RCR was preserved and phosphatidylcholine hydrolysis during ischemia was decreased, TEAR levels were consistently higher in hyperglycemic brain mitochondria both during and after ischemia. The RCR correlated directly with mitochondrial phosphatidylcholine polyunsaturated fatty acid content during ischemia and reperfusion, BN 50739 protection of mitochondrial membranes in brain may be influenced by tissue pH.
HDL-C and triglyceride levels: Relationship to coronary heart disease and treatment with statins; The association between low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) is well established and LDL-C-lowering is currently the primary target for the treatment of dyslipidemia. However, low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and high levels of triglycerides (TG) are also risk factors for CHD and modifying levels of these lipid subfractions, in addition to LDL-C lowering, may have clinical benefits in many patients.
Chronic docosahexaenoic acid intake enhances expression of the gene for uncoupling protein 3 and affects pleiotropic mRNA levels in skeletal muscle of aged C57BU6NJcl mice; Docosahexaenoic acid [DHA, 22:6(n-3)] prevents cardiovascular disease by decreasing obesity. It also prevents cancer and other geriatric diseases. We studied the chronic pleiotropic effects of DHA on transcription including that of mRNAs for uncoupling proteins (UCP). Male and female mice (9 mo old) were fed high (n-6) or high (n-3) fatty acid diets for 4 mo. Compared with controls fed high (n-6) fatty acid diets [high (n-6) group], the livers of male and female mice fed DHA [high (n-3) group] contained six- (P < 0.001) and fivefold (P < 0.001) more DHA, respectively. The high (n-3) group had less white adipose tissue [35.3% in males (P < 0.001) and 27.3% in females (P < 0.001)]. The high (n-3) group expressed more uncoupling protein 3 (UCP3) in the gastrocnemius, 108% higher (P < 0.001) and 104% higher (P < 0.001) in males and females, respectively, than those in the high (n-6) group. However, the prevention of many diseases by DHA is not explained by UCP3. Thus, the gene expression profiles of both high (n-3) and high (n-6) groups were analyzed in skeletal muscle using cDNA expression array. Of 588 genes surveyed in the array, the high (n-3) group showed 12 genes (2%) including those for glucose regulators (e.g., CD38) and tumor suppressors (e.g., CTCF) that were expressed 100-340% more than those of the high (n-6) group. Furthermore, 28 genes (4.8%), including growth factors (e.g., ErbB-2 receptor) and immune regulators (e.g., interleukin-1 beta precursor) were expressed 50-90% less in the high (n-3) group than in the high (n-6) group. These results explain in part the important pleiotropic effects of DHA, which are independent of obesity control by UCP3 suppression.
Antioxidant and anti-isomerization effects of sesamol and resveratrol on high oleic acid peanut oil; In the present study, the protective effects of sesamol and resveratrol on high oleic acid peanut oil were investigated. Different amounts of sesamol, resveratrol, and their combinations were added to the high oleic acid peanut oil to investigate the antioxidant effect and anti-isomerization effect to prevent cis to trans isomerization of double bonds. Rancimat results showed that the oil had the longest oxidation inducing time after adding 0.08% sesamol or 0.06% resveratrol (v/v). Thermogravimetric analysis suggested that when sesamol and resveratrol were added at 0.08% and 0.04% (v/v), the oxidation decomposition temperature was the highest. Schaal oven experiments indicated that the addition of sesamol and resveratrol could significantly reduce the peroxide content of high oleic acid peanut oil. The total fatty acid content in the oil samples increased significantly after high temperature treatment at 180 degrees C or 240 degrees C, and three new thermal isomerization trans products were measured (C18:1-9t, C18:2-9c,12t, C18:2-9t,12c). Meanwhile, the addition of sesamol (0.08%, v/v) or resveratrol (0.06%, v/v) significantly reduced the content of unsaturated fatty acid. For high oleic acid peanut oil heated to 180 degrees C, sesamol and resveratrol showed a better inhibitory effect on the production of transoleic acid than when heating at 240 degrees C.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, inflammatory processes and inflammatory bowel diseases; Willi regard to inflammatory processes, the main fatty acids of interest are the n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid (AA), which is the precursor of inflammatory eicosanoids like prostaglandin E-2 and leukotriene B,, and the n-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). EPA and DHA are found in oily fish and fish oils. EPA and DHA inhibit AA metabolism to inflammatory eicosanoids. They also give rise to mediators that are less inflammatory than those produced from AA or that are anti-inflammatory. In addition to modifying the lipid mediator profile, n-3 PUFAs exert effects oil other aspects of inflammation like leukocyte chemotaxis and inflammatory cytokine production. Some of these effects are likely due to changes in gene expression, as a result of altered transcription factor activity. Fish oil has been shown to decrease colonic damage and inflammation, weight loss and mortality in animal models of colitis. Fish oil Supplementation in patients with inflammatory bowel diseases results in n-3 PUFA incorporation into gut mucosal tissue and modification of inflammatory mediator profiles. Clinical outcomes have been variably affected by fish oil, although some trials report improved gut histology, decreased disease activity, use of corticosteroids and relapse.
Functional foods from animal sources and their physiologically active components; Functional foods are foods that, by virtue of their physiologically active components, provide health benefits beyond basic nutrition. Although the vast number of naturally occurring health-enhancing substances are of plant origin, there are also a number of physiologically active components in animal products that deserve attention for their potential role in health promotion. The aim of this paper was to review the literature for those animal food components that have been linked with human physiological benefits, in order to contribute for the dissemination of this new topic among veterinarians and other animal and food scientists. These components, which potential health benefits and their scientific evidence are described, include: calcium, probiotics, whey proteins and whey peptides, from dairy products; n-3 fatty acids, from fish; conjugated linoleic acid, from beef and lamb meat; sphingolipids, from eggs; and, the conditionally-essential nutrients L-carnitine, coenzyme Q(10), alpha-lipoic acid, choline and taurine, widely diffused in animal products. In spite of the infancy of functional foods field, increasing evidence supports the observation that functional foods from animal sources may enhance human health.
Metabolomics-based classification reveals subtypes of hepatocellular carcinoma; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the second leading cause of cancer-related death, and the prognosis varies due to its high heterogeneity, systematic evaluation of HCC is mainly based on genomic and transcriptomic features, metabolomics-based classification has yet to be reported. Here we performed RNA-seq on 50 paired samples and metabolomics analysis on 72 paired samples of both normal and tumor tissues from HCC patients. Through unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis with train and test data sets, metabolic and gene expression signatures were identified. We found that most fluxes related to glutamate are attenuated, except for the glutamate-proline pathway. Three subgroups were identified with distinct survival, clinical observations, and metabolic/gene signatures. S1 is characterized by a relatively poor prognosis, a low concentration of the degradation products of phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine, an enrichment of specific genes related to focal adhesion, and an upregulation of genes on chromosome 6q27. Beyond commonly downregulated metabolites, S2 tumors are largely characterized by few alterations in metabolites and genes, as well as low incidence of mutations/loss of heterozygosity, the metabolite signature of this group consists of hexoses and their phosphates, and the prognosis is the best, with a 5-year survival rate of greater than 80%. S3 is characterized by the worst survival (an approximately 20% 5-year survival rate), unsaturated fatty acid metabolites, an upregulation of specific genes involved in metastasis, and an upregulation of genes on chromosome 1q21. The metabolite-based classifications are more stable and reproducible, with each subgroup characterized by a distinct molecular signature and disease prognosis.
Valuing Bioactive Lipids from Green, Red and Brown Macroalgae from Aquaculture, to Foster Functionality and Biotechnological Applications; Marine edible macroalgae have functional proprieties that might improve human health and wellbeing. Lipids represent a minor fraction of macroalgae, yet with major interest as main carriers of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and intrinsic bioactive properties. In this study, we used lipid extracts from the green macroalgaeUlva rigidaandCodium tomentosum; the redGracilaria gracilis,Palmaria palmataandPorphyra dioica;and the brownFucus vesiculosus, produced in a land-based integrated multitrophic aquaculture (IMTA) system. We determined the lipid quality indices based on their fatty acid profiles and their bioactivities as putative antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative agents. The results reveal to be species-specific, namelyU. rigidadisplayed the lowest atherogenicity and thrombogenicity indices.Palmaria palmataandF. vesiculosuslipid extracts displayed the lowest inhibitory concentration in the free radical scavenging antioxidant assays.Ulva rigida, C. tomentosum, P. palmataandP. dioicainhibited COX-2 activity by up to 80%, whileP. dioicaandP. palmataextracts showed the highest cytotoxic potential in the MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. This work enhances the valorization of macroalgae as functional foods and promising ingredients for sustainable and healthy diets and fosters new applications of high-valued algal biomass, in a species-specific context.
Comparative risk analysis of dioxins in fish and fine particles from heavy-duty vehicles; Dioxins and airborne fine particles are both environmental health problems that have been the subject of active public debate. Knowledge on fine particles has increased substantially during the last 10 years, and even the current, lowered levels in the Europe and in the United States appear to be a major public health problem. On the other hand, dioxins are ubiquitous persistent contaminants, some being carcinogens at high doses, and therefore of great concern. Our aim was to (a) quantitatively analyze the two pollutant health risks and (b) study the changes in risk in view of the current and forthcoming EU legislations on pollutants. We performed a comparative risk assessment for both pollutants in the Helsinki metropolitan area (Finland) and estimated the health effects with several scenarios. For primary fine particles: a comparison between the present emission situation for heavy-duty vehicles and the new fine particle emission standards set by the EU. For dioxins: an EU directive that regulates commercial fishing of Baltic salmon and herring that exceed the dioxin concentration limit set for fish meat, and a derogation (= exemption) from the directive for these two species. Both of these two decisions are very topical issues and this study estimates the expected changes in health effects due to these regulations. It was found that the estimated fine particle risk clearly outweighed the estimated dioxin risk. A substantial improvement to public health could be achieved by initiating reductions in emission standards; about 30 avoided premature deaths annually in the study area. In addition, the benefits of fish consumption due to omega-3 exposure were notably higher than the potential dioxin cancer risk. Both regulations were instigated as ways of promoting public health.
Saturated and <i>cis</i>- and <i>trans</i>-unsaturated fatty acids intake in rural and urban Costa Rican adolescents; Objective: The purpose of this study is to determine whether intake of saturated fatty acids and cis- and trans-unsaturated fatty acids is associated with an urban compared to a rural lifestyle, and whether these associations are responsible for differences in plasma lipid concentrations.
Changes in lipid composition during in vitro encystation and fatty acid desaturase activity of Giardia lamblia; Lipids of axenically-cultured Giardia lamblia trophozoites were compared with those of cells undergoing in vitro encystation. Although the lipid composition of the organisms grossly resembled those of low-bile or high-bile culture media, differences were clearly detected. Encysting trophozoites incubated in a high-bile medium for 24 h had a higher concentration of unsaturated fatty acids in the total cellular lipids than did nonencysting trophozoites. The organism, but not the medium, contained linoleate and linolenate, suggesting that G. lamblia desaturates oleate. The presence of a fatty acid desaturase activity in the organism was demonstrated by the conversion of a radiolabeled monounsaturated fatty acid (oleate) to radiolabeled polyunsaturated fatty acids. Triglycerides, a common form of storage lipids, were unusually low in G. lamblia, but steryl esters (which can also serve as reserves) were abundant. Steryl esters increased during encystation of G. lamblia. The changes observed in G. lamblia lipids (increased fatty acid unsaturation and the accumulation of storage lipids) are consistent with parasite differentiation into a cyst stage that is able to survive outside the host at reduced temperatures and reduced available nutrient resources. This study also demonstrated that G. lamblia not only has the capacity to de novo synthesize isoprenoid lipids (ubiquinone, prenylated proteins), but it can also metabolize fatty acids by the addition of double bonds.
DEPLETION OF HEPATIC COENZYME-A DERIVATIVES IS ONE OF THE MARKERS OF THE TOXICITY OF ORALLY-ADMINISTERED SECONDARY AUTOXIDATION PRODUCTS OF LINOLEIC-ACID IN RAT; When 400 mg/rat/day of secondary autoxidation products of linoleic acid was orally administered 3 times to rats, they died at 30-40 h after the third dose. To search the markers of the toxicity of secondary products in vivo, the rats were killed at 24 h after the third dose, and conditions of their digestive tracts and liver were analyzed. In the stomach, macroscopically, inflation, retention of undigested food, and edema were seen. Slight congestions were detected in the small intestines. It  was considered that these injuries led to reduction in food consumption and then depression of the growth, but did not lead to the death of the animals. The lipid peroxide levels in the liver and the activities of its detoxifying enzymes were increased as compared to those in the control groups. The hepatic lipid contents and unsaturated fatty acid compositions were also not changed. The endogenous lipid peroxidation, therefore, did not give the rats a severe stress. The activities of hepatic  acetyl-CoA carboxylase and carnitine palmitoyltransferase were 20 and 35% lower than those of control, respectively. The levels of CoASH, acetyl-CoA, and long-chain acyl-CoA were 1/9, 1/2, and 1/4 of those in control, respectively. Thus, one of the markers of the toxicity of secondary products was the depletion of hepatic CoA derivatives. In rat, bio-energy was reduced by the decrease in the intestinal absorption of nutrients, and the depletion of hepatic CoA derivatives also failed to supply  energy with .beta.-oxidation.
Possible association of the human <i>KCNE1</i> (minK) gene and QT interval in healthy subjects:: Evidence from association and linkage analyses in Israeli families; QT interval prolongation is associated with increased risk of sudden and non-sudden cardiac death. Potassium channel gene variants are associated with inherited long QT syndromes. Using linkage and association analyses, we investigated whether variants in the potassium channel subunit KCNE1 are associated with QTc intervals in an unselected population sample of 80 kindreds living in kibbutz settlements in Israel. Variance-component linkage analysis revealed weak evidence of linkage of KCNE1 polymorphisms with QTc intervals. Family-based association analysis showed a significant association between the G38S polymorphism and QTc interval. Further quantitative trait association analysis demonstrated a significant residual heritability component (h(2)= 0.33), and that the effect of the G38S variant allele is modified by gender. Estimated maximum likelihood parameters from these models indicated that male gender, age, hypertension, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, fibrinogen and BMI were positively associated with QTc interval; level of education and cigarette smoking showed an inverse association. Both erythrocyte membrane n-6 and n-3 fatty acids showed a significant inverse association with QTc interval. While more than 15.8% of QTc variability was contributed by covariates, another 4.7% was explained by dietary factors, the G38S polymorphism explained 2.2%, and approximately 36% was explained by polygenes. An in silico analysis showed also that the novel V80 SNP, another KCNE1 synonymous variant, abolishes the recognition for a splicing enhancer, which may lead to an increased effect of the G38S mutation.
Diet and haemostasis - A comprehensive overview; Dietary factors are known to influence cardiovascular disease risk. They can do so via several mechanisms, including effects on blood lipids, antioxidant status, blood pressure, body composition and also haemostasis. Dietary factors influence the haemostatic system through several pathways related to different haemostatic components namely platelets, coagulation and fibrinolysis. This review provides a comprehensive overview on the inter-relations of dietary factors with all three components of the haemostatic system. Dietary factors reviewed include energy intake, alcohol consumption, dietary fat (quantity and composition), carbohydrates, micronutrients and miscellaneous food items. This review also provides information on the relationship of diet with fibrin network structure and genetics of haemostasis. In conclusion, diet has a clear impact on the various components of the haemostatic process. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circulating B-Vitamins and Smoking Habits Are Associated with Serum Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Patients with Suspected Coronary Heart Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study; The long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are considered to be of major health importance, and recent studies indicate that their endogenous metabolism is influenced by B-vitamin status and smoking habits. We investigated the associations of circulating B-vitamins and smoking habits with serum polyunsaturated fatty acids among 1,366 patients who underwent coronary angiography due to suspected coronary heart disease at Haukeland University Hospital, Norway. Of these, 52% provided information on dietary habits by a food frequency questionnaire. Associations were assessed using partial correlation (Spearman's rho). In the total population, the concentrations of most circulating B-vitamins were positively associated with serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, but negatively with serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. However, the associations between B-vitamins and polyunsaturated fatty acids tended to be weaker in smokers. This could not be solely explained by differences in dietary intake. Furthermore, plasma cotinine, a marker of recent nicotine exposure, showed a negative relationship with serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, but a positive relationship with serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. In conclusion, circulating B-vitamins are, in contrast to plasma cotinine, generally positively associated with serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and negatively with serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with suspected coronary heart disease. Further studies should investigate whether B-vitamin status and smoking habits may modify the clinical effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid intake.
Impact of ammonia energy fraction on improving thermal efficiency and emissions of ammonia/biodiesel in dual fuel diesel engine; Ammonia (NH 3 ) and Cashew Nut Shell Oil (CNSO) biodiesel blends are used in a four-stroke, single -cylinder Internal Combustion (IC) engine to examine combustion characteristics, engine performance, and emissions. NH 3 is an encouraging alternative fuel, considering its high energy density and carbon neutrality. Biodiesel derived from cashew nut shells is an environmentally friendly fuel option with substantial unsaturated fatty acid content. An investigation was executed with NH 3 at a flow rate of 3 and 6 liters per minute (LPM) at 50 % CNSO, 50 % diesel (50CNSO50D), and 100 % CNSO. With the addition of NH 3 to diesel, peak in -cylinder pressures increased from 63.412 bar to 68.87 bar at 3 LPM and 70.239 bar at 6 LPM, respectively. In comparison to diesel, CNSO biodiesel exhibited a minor decrease in peak pressure (62.034 bar) and a slight delay in ignition. Compared to diesel, thermal efficiency increased significantly with NH 3 , rising from 31.1 % to 33.3 % and 34.8 % at 3 and 6 LPM NH3, respectively.CO emissions analysis revealed that CNSO biodiesel reduced emissions to 17 g/kWh, comparatively diesel 's 19 g/kWh, with NH 3 further reducing them. The NOx emissions from CNSO biodiesel blends are higher (16 g/kWh for CNSO) than diesel (13 g/kWh), but the addition of NH 3 reduces NOx emissions across all fuels. The low energy content of CNSO leads to higher CO 2 emissions, but NH 3 reduces these emissions. CNSO and NH 3 blends had lower hydrocarbon (HC) emissions than diesel. It has been found that using NH 3 and CNSO biodiesel improves the performance of diesel engines and reduces emissions, contributing to the reduction of global emissions and helping to create a more sustainable future.
AMPKα2 controls the anti-atherosclerotic effects of fish oils by modulating the SUMOylation of GPR120; Consuming fish oils (FO) is linked to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease in certain populations. However, FO failed to exhibit therapeutic effects in some patients with cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to determine the possible reasons for the inconsistent effects of FO. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) alpha 2 is an important energy metabolic sensor, which was reported to involve in FO mediated regulation of lipid and glucose metabolism. In an in vivo study, FO administration significantly reduced the aortic lesions and inflammation in the Ldlr(-/-) mouse model of atherosclerosis, but not in Ldlr(-/-)/Prkaa2(-/-)and Ldlr(-/-)/Prkaa2(-/-Sm22Cre) mice. Mechanistically, inactivation of AMPK alpha 2 increased the SUMOylation of the fatty acid receptor GPR120 to block FO-induced internalization and binding to beta-arrestin. In contrast, activation of AMPK alpha 2 can phosphorylate the C-MYC at Serine 67 to inhibit its trans-localization into the nuclei and transcription of SUMO-conjugating E2 enzyme UBC9 and SUMO2/3 in vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs), which result in GPR120 SUMOylation. In human arteries, AMPK alpha 2 levels were inversely correlated with UBC9 expression. In a cohort of patients with atherosclerosis, FO concentrations did not correlate with atherosclerotic severity, however, in a subgroup analysis a negative correlation between FO concentrations and atherosclerotic severity was found in patients with higher AMPK alpha 2 levels. These data indicate that AMPK alpha 2 is required for the anti-inflammatory and anti-atherosclerotic effects of FO.
Incorporation of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) enhances nanodelivery of antiretroviral across the blood-brain barrier for treatment of HIV reservoir in brain; Although the newer antiretroviral (ARV) drugs are highly active against the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in the body compartment, they often fail to effectively tackle the HIV reservoir in the brain because of inefficient penetration to the blood-brain barrier (BBB). In this study, we investigated the potential benefits of incorporating docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 fatty acid essential for brain development, in lipid nanocarriers for facilitating the BBB passage of an ARV darunavir. The resulting nanocarriers (nanoARVs) containing 5-15% DHA were 90-140 nm in size, had high darunavir payload (similar to 11-13% w/w), good stability and minimal cellular toxicity, and could be further decorated with transferrin (Tf) for Tf-receptor targeting. In BBB models of hCMEC/d3 cells, nanoARVs with higher DHA content achieved increased nanocarrier uptake and up to 8.99-fold higher darunavir permeation than free darunavir. In animals, nanoARVs were able to achieve 3.38-5.93-fold increase in brain darunavir level over free darunavir. Tf-conjugated nanoARVs also achieved significantly higher anti-HIV activity than free darunavir (viral titer 2 to 2.6-fold higher in latter group). Comparison of DHA incorporation and Tf-receptor targeting showed that while both strategies could enhance the cellular uptake and brain accumulation of the nanocarriers, DHA was more effective (P < 0.05) for improving BBB permeation and brain accumulation of the darunavir payload. Substituting DHA with another oil noticeably reduced the cellular uptake of nanoARVs. Overall, this proof-of-concept study has supported the development of DHA-based nanoARVs as an effective, safe yet technically simple strategy to enhance brain delivery of darunavir and potentially other lipophilic ARVs for treatment of HIV reservoir.
The Role of Grain Legumes in the Prevention of Hypercholesterolemia and Hypertension; The seeds of the plants of the Fabaceae, commonly known as "grain legumes" or "pulses," are major foodstuffs in most countries. In addition, these seeds may also provide some health benefits, in particular in the area of hypercholesterolemia and hypertension prevention. Whereas the hypocholesterolemic activity of soy protein has been well known for decades and was finally supported by the health claim by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1999, similar information on non-soy legumes is scarce. This paper reviews all such available data from animal models and human trials as well as information on the mechanism of action provided by in vitro studies, mainly on cell cultures or assays on specific enzymes. This body of data indicates that a regular consumption of grain legumes may be useful both for the prevention of hypercholesterolemia and hypertension. More investigations are needed, however, for elucidating the mechanism of action and the actual effective components in legumes.
Dietary fatty acids affect the growth, body composition and performance of post-weaning gilt progeny; Gilt progeny are born lighter, have lower weaning weights and require more medication throughout their life time than do sow progeny. Therefore, strategies to improve their post-weaning performance are of importance to pork producers. Dietary fatty acids have been shown to be potent modulators of physiological processes. Studies in other species have reported that dietary fatty acids affect in utero development, cognitive behaviour, immune system function, carcass composition as well as feed efficiency of offspring. However, little information is available that details their use in gilt progeny and when fed throughout their lifetime. In the present study, two experiments were conducted to investigate the effects of feeding three different types of fat to gilts and their progeny on the growth, body composition and performance post-weaning. Diets were enriched with either saturated fatty acids (SFA; tallow), or n-3 (fish-oil extracts) or n-6 (safflower oil) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and were fed to gilts through gestation and to their progeny post-weaning. In Experiment 2, half of the female progeny from n-3 and n-6 PUFA litters were fed SFA post-weaning. For both studies, there was no significant difference in weaning bodyweights. However, in Experiment 1, pigs fed n-6 PUFA diets post-weaning were significantly lighter 7 days post-weaning than were pigs fed SFA-and n-3 PUFA-enriched diets. Despite feed intake of n-6 PUFA-fed pigs becoming comparable to that of the other groups during the finisher period, bodyweight for this group remained significantly lower than that of the other groups at the conclusion of the experiment. No effect of dietary fatty acid type on the carcass composition of finisher pigs, as determined by computed tomography, was found. The results of Experiment 2 showed that feeding pigs n-6 PUFA diets post-weaning through to slaughter significantly compromised their growth, being in agreement with those from Experiment 1. Feed consumption for this group was significantly less during the post-weaning and the finisher periods. However, pigs from n-6 PUFA litters that were fed SFA diets post-weaning showed no compromise in growth and performance and were comparable to pigs from the other treatment groups. During the grower and finisher periods, pigs fed n-6 PUFA diets had a significantly higher rate of mortality that was as much as 13 times that of pigs fed SFA diets. Pigs from n-6 PUFA litters that were fed SFA diets post-weaning were not affected in this manner. The results of the current study showed that feeding diets enriched with n-6 PUFA to pigs significantly compromised their growth and performance and that this fatty acid type may also have negative health effects with prolonged consumption. The data suggested that the type of fatty acid used in pig diets may be an important consideration for nutritionists when formulating diets to optimise post-weaning growth and performance.
Docosahexaenoic acid inhibits vascular smooth muscle cell migration and proliferation by decreasing microRNA-155 expression levels; Vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) hyperplasia is a common cause of carotid restenosis. In the present study, the potential protective effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in carotid restenosis and the underlying mechanism of its effects were examined. VSMCs were treated with DHA, a polyunsaturated omega -3 fatty acid. Cell migration and proliferation were assessed using wound healing and Cell Counting Kit-8 assays and by measuring Ki-67 protein levels. Additionally, the expression levels of microRNA-155 were determined by reverse transcription-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR). The involvement of microRNA-155 in the regulation of migration and proliferation was evaluated by transfecting VSMCs with microRNA mimics and inhibitors. Moreover, the reversal of migration and proliferation after transfection of VSMCs with the microRNA mimics and subsequent treatment with DHA was investigated. A target gene of microRNA-155 was identified using RT-qPCR and luciferase assays. The migration and proliferation of VSMCs, as well as the expression of microRNA-155 was inhibited by DHA stimulation. MicroRNA-155 regulated the migration and proliferation of VSMCs. Finally, proliferation and migration of VSMCs were reduced following DHA treatment, which was mediated by an increase in the expression levels of microRNA-155. Suppressor of cytokine signalling 1 (Socs1) was the target gene of microRNA-155. In conclusion, DHA inhibited VSMC migration and proliferation by reducing microRNA-155 expression. This effect may be caused by the microRNA-155 target gene Socs1.
FATTY ACID PROFILE OF MILK - A REVIEW; The article describes the recent data dealing with the fatly acid content in cow, goat, and sheep milk. A large body of evidence demonstrates that fatty acid profile in goat and sheep milk was similar to that of cow milk. Palmitic acid was the most abundant in milk. Goat milk had the highest C6:0, C8:0, and C10:0 content. Sheep milk was the richest source of conjugated linoleic acid and a-linolenic acid. Ewe's milk had lower value of n-6/n-3 then goat and cow milk.
Differential Contributions of Distinct Free Radical Peroxidation Mechanisms to the Induction of Ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is a form of regulated cell death driven by lipid peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Lipid peroxidation can propagate through either the hydrogen-atom transfer (HAT) or peroxyl radical addition (PRA) mechanism. However, the contribution of the PRA mechanism to the induction of ferroptosis has not been studied. In this study, we aim to elucidate the relationship between the reactivity and mechanisms of lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis induction. We found that while some peroxidation-reactive lipids, such as 7-dehydrocholesterol, vitamins D3 and A, and coenzyme Q10, suppress ferroptosis, both nonconjugated and conjugated PUFAs enhanced cell death induced by RSL3, a ferroptosis inducer. Importantly, we found that conjugated PUFAs, including conjugated linolenic acid (CLA 18:3) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA 18:2), can induce or potentiate ferroptosis much more potently than nonconjugated PUFAs. We next sought to elucidate the mechanism underlying the different ferroptosis-inducing potency of conjugated and nonconjugated PUFAs. Lipidomics revealed that conjugated and nonconjugated PUFAs are incorporated into distinct cellular lipid species. The different peroxidation mechanisms predict the formation of higher levels of reactive electrophilic aldehydes from conjugated PUFAs than nonconjugated PUFAs, which was confirmed by aldehyde-trapping and mass spectrometry. RNA sequencing revealed that protein processing in the endoplasmic reticulum and proteasome are among the most significantly upregulated pathways in cells treated with CLA 18:3, suggesting increased ER stress and activation of unfolded protein response. These results suggest that protein damage by lipid electrophiles is a key step in ferroptosis.
Numerical simulation of a diesel engine performance powered by soybean biodiesel and diesel fuels; BackgroundThe present study presents a 3-D numerical simulation of a direct injection diesel engine powered by base diesel oil and soybean biodiesel fuel at different load conditions. The modeling was performed using commercial computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software linked to a chemical solver. A chemical kinetic reaction mechanism was developed to simulate the combustion and fuel spray processes. Base diesel oil results were verified using a single-cylinder, 4-stroke diesel engine.ResultsThe study showed that the usage of the soybean biodiesel fuel caused a reduction in carbon monoxide (CO) and hydrocarbon (HC) emissions by about 42.38% and 41.35%, compared with base diesel and an increase in nitrogen oxides (NOx) and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions of about 21.8% and 11.2%, respectively. Exhaust gas temperature (EGT) is reduced by an average value of 9.4%, the brake-specific fuel consumption (BSFC) is increased by an average value of 11.8% and the brake thermal efficiency (BTE) is dropped by an average value of 11.3% for soybean biodiesel fuel.ConclusionsThe CFD model showed the effect of the unsaturated fatty acid methyl esters present in soybean biodiesel on the spatial distributed values of NOx, oxygen and temperature during the combustion in engine cylinder. It was observed that the combustion of soybean biodiesel began about 3.89 CAD earlier than base diesel, and the in-cylinder peak pressure was dropped by 8.25%. Soybean biodiesel fuel was optimized by performing four starts of injection (SOI) at timings of - 18, - 16, - 15 and - 13,5 bTDC, and it was found that the combustion characteristics of soybean biodiesel are optimum at SOI = - 15 bTDC. These results indicate that the biodiesel fuel can be used as an alternative and environmentally friendly fuel in the engine without any modifications.
Resolvins are potent analgesics for arthritic pain; Arthritis-associated inflammatory pain represents a serious medical problem worldwide. Current treatments for arthritic pain are not very effective and cause unwanted side effects. Resolvins, including the resolvin D and resolvin E series, are a family of novel endogenous lipid mediators derived from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and display potent anti-inflammatory and pro-resolution actions in animal models of inflammation. Emerging evidence also points to a potent anti-hyperalgesic role of resolvins in animal models of inflammatory pain. The study by Lima-Garcia et al. in this issue of the BJP demonstrated that systemic treatment with 17(R)-hydroxy-docosahexaenoic acid (17(R)HDoHE), the precursor of resolvin D series and its product, aspirin-triggered resolvin D1 (AT-RvD1), at very low doses (1 mg.kg(-1)), reduced inflammatory pain in an adjuvant-induced arthritis model. Particularly 17(R) HDoHE reduced joint stiffness but not paw and joint oedema. Given their potency and safety profile, resolvins may represent a new class of analgesics well suited to treating inflammatory pain associated with arthritis.
Cell Membrane Fatty Acid Composition of <i>Chryseobacterium frigidisoli</i> PB4<SUP>T</SUP>, Isolated from Antarctic Glacier Forefield Soils, in Response to Changing Temperature and pH Conditions; Microorganisms in Antarctic glacier forefields are directly exposed to the hostile environment of their habitat characterized by extremely low temperatures and changing geochemical conditions. To survive under those stress conditions microorganisms adapt, among others, their cell membrane fatty acid inventory. However, only little is known about the adaptation potential of microorganisms from Antarctic soil environments. In this study, we examined the adaptation of the cell membrane polar lipid fatty acid inventory of Chryseobacterium frigidisoli PB4(T) in response to changing temperature (0 degrees C to 20 degrees C) and pH (5.5 to 8.5) regimes, because this new strain isolated from an Antarctic glacier forefield showed specific adaptation mechanisms during its detailed physiological characterization. Flavobacteriaceae including Chryseobacterium species occur frequently in extreme habitats such as ice-free oases in Antarctica. C. frigidisoli shows a complex restructuring of membrane derived fatty acids in response to different stress levels. Thus, from 20 degrees C to 10 degrees C a change from less iso-C-15:0 to more iso-C-17:1 omega 7 is observed. Below 10 degrees C temperature adaptation is regulated by a constant increase of anteiso-FAs and decrease of iso-FAs. An anteiso- and bis-unsaturated fatty acid, anteiso- heptadeca-9,13-dienoic acid, shows a continuous increase with decreasing cultivation temperatures underlining the particular importance of this fatty acid for temperature adaptation in C. frigidisoli. Concerning adaptation to changing pH conditions, most of the dominant fatty acids reveal constant relative proportions around neutral pH (pH 6-8). Strong variations are mainly observed at the pH extremes (pH 5.5 and 8.5). At high pH short chain saturated iso- and anteiso-FAs increase while longer chain unsaturated iso- and anteiso-FAs decrease. At low pH the opposite trend is observed. The study shows a complex interplay of different membrane components and provides, therefore, deep insights into adaptation strategies of microorganisms from extreme habitats to changing environmental conditions.
Effect of dietary 22:6n-3 on growth, survival and tissue fatty acid profile of striped trumpeter (<i>Latris lineata</i>) larvae fed enriched <i>Artemia</i>; The effect of dietary 22:6n-3 (docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) on growth and survival was determined in striped trumpeter during metamorphosis and the Artemia-feeding period (16-36 days posthatch, dph). Artemia were enriched on one of five experimental emulsions that contained graduated concentrations of DHA and constant 20:4n-6 (arachidonic acid, ARA). We also compared larval performance using a commercial enrichment product high in n-3 PUFA. Final DHA concentrations in Artemia enriched on the experimental emulsions ranged from 0.1-20.8 mg/g DM, while Artemia fed the commercial product had 18.2 mg DHA/g DM. Each of the six diets was fed to larvae in four replicate 300-1 tanks. Standard length (range 10.0-11.2 mm) and dry weight (range 1.6-2.5 mg) of larvae at the end of the experiment were directly related to dietary DHA, with the highest growth recorded in the experimental diet with the greatest concentration of DHA (20.8 mg/g DM). Survival at 36 dph was not influenced by dietary DHA and ranged from 20-44%. Mortality increased noticeably, regardless of dietary treatment, when larvae attained a standard length of approximately 9.5 mm. Mortality was related to a nocturnal behaviour where larvae would migrate to the tank bottom during the dark phase. Fatty acid profiles of the larvae were generally correlated to dietary fatty acids. Dietary DHA was found to be important in larval striped trumpeter growth, where enhanced growth probably shortened the critical period of metamorphosis and the window where nocturnal downward migration and mortality occurred. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid composition, chemical composition and processing yield of traditional hot smoked common carp (<i>Cyprinus carpio</i>, L); The main objective of this study was to describe the proper technological process of hot smoking of common carp as well as to determine the yield of the final product and also proximate and fatty acid composition of hot-smoked common carp meat. The average yield of smoked common carp was 82.19% based on weight of eviscerated and descaled fish or 47% based on weight of live fish. The smoking process reduced moisture content by 19% and increased protein by 35% and lipid by 28%. Increase of cholesterol level from 50 to 51.93% during the smoking process was not statistically significant. Unsaturated fatty acid content was found to be higher in smoked than in raw common carp, mainly due to the increase in the contents of both monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids. These values were higher compared to those of saturated fatty acids which were almost the same in raw (25.38%) and in smoked (25.5%) carp. Furthermore, n-3 content was not affected by the smoking process and the n-3/n-6 ratio. The results of the present research indicate that hot smoking process affects the chemical and fatty acid composition of traditionally hot smoked common carp.
Fatty acids, inhibitors for the DNA binding of c-Myc/Max dimer, suppress proliferation and induce apoptosis of differentiated HL-60 human leukemia cell; c-Myc is instrumental in the progression of Burkitt's lymphoma including HL-60 human leukemia cells. We tested fatty acids for their inhibitory effect on the DNA binding of c-Myc/Max dimeric proteins of human origin, prepared as recombinant proteins encompassing DNA binding ( basic) and dimerization (HLHZip) domain, and found that those suppress proliferation and induce apoptosis of DMSO-differentiated HL-60 cells. The analyzed IC50 values of myristic acid, stearic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid and arachidonic acid by EMSA were 97( 73), 2.2(+/- 1.2), 55(+/- 5), 32(+/- 2), 62(+/- 12), 22(+/- 2) mu M for DNA binding of recombinant c-Myc/Max, respectively. According to the results shown by XTT assay, their influence on proliferation was quite different from the rank order of IC50. Whereas the degree of influence of the unsaturated fatty acids on the proliferation of DMSO-differentiated HL-60 cells was similar, the influence of saturated fatty acids, stearic acid in particular, was very weak at same concentrations. In addition, we confirmed that these fatty acids have no influence on the expression of c-Myc in DMSO-differentiated HL-60 cells. Our experiments demonstrated that the inhibitors for the DNA binding of c-Myc/Max contribute to the downregulation of Myc-dependent proliferation and to the inducement of apoptosis, and serve as an exploration of potent new inhibitors.
Prospective randomized study on perioperative enteral immunonutrition in laparoscopic colorectal surgery; Background: Perioperative nutrition for patients undergoing colon surgery seems to be effective in reducing catabolism and improving immunologic parameters. A relatively low-fiber and highly absorbable diet may facilitate the intestinal cleansing and loop relaxation fundamental for laparoscopic surgery with a lower dose of iso-osmotic laxative.
Labelling strategy and membrane characterization of marine bacteria <i>Vibrio splendidus</i> by <i>in vivo</i> <SUP>2</SUP>H NMR; Vibrio splendidus is a marine bacterium often considered as a threat in aquaculture hatcheries where it is responsible for mass mortality events, notably of bivalves' larvae. This bacterium is highly adapted to dynamic salty ecosystems where it has become an opportunistic and resistant species. To characterize their membranes as a first and necessary step toward studying bacterial interactions with diverse molecules, we established a labelling protocol for in vivo H-2 solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (SS-NMR) analysis of V. splendidus. H-2 SS-NMR is a useful tool to study the organization and dynamics of phospholipids at the molecular level, and its application to intact bacteria is further advantageous as it allows probing acyl chains in their natural environment and study membrane interactions. In this study, we showed that V. splendidus can be labelled using deuterated palmitic acid, and demonstrated the importance of surfactant choice in the labelling protocol. Moreover, we assessed the impact of lipid deuteration on the general fitness of the bacteria, as well as the saturated-to-unsaturated fatty acid chains ratio and its impact on the membrane properties. We further characterize the evolution of V. splendidus membrane fluidity during different growth stages and relate it to fatty acid chain composition. Our results show larger membrane fluidity during the stationary growth phase compared to the exponential growth phase under labelling conditions-an information to take into account for future in vivo SS-NMR studies. Our lipid deuteration protocol optimized for V. splendidus is likely applicable other microorganisms for in vivo NMR studies.
Dietary Fatty Acids: Is it Time to Change the Recommendations?; Limiting the saturated fatty acid (SAFA) consumption forms the basis of dietary fat recommendations for heart health, despite several meta-analyses demonstrating no link between dietary SAFA and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Three experts on dietary fat and health discussed the evidence of reducing SAFA intake at a symposium of the Federation of European Nutrition Societies in Berlin, Germany, October 23, 2015. Ronald P. Mensink, Maastricht University, the Netherlands, discussed the evidence linking dietary fatty acids and CVD risk. He emphasized the importance of the replacement nutrient(s) when SAFA intake is reduced. Julie Lovegrove, University of Reading, UK, addressed the question of whether higher intakes of unsaturated fatty acids are beneficial. She discussed the replacement of SAFA by polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), noting the reduction in CVD risk with PUFA replacement and in CVD risk markers with MUFA replacement of SAFA. Ursula Schwab, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, discussed the importance of dietary patterns in achieving reduced risk of CVD, observing that several dietary patterns following the principles of a health-promoting diet and adapted to local customs, food preferences and seasonality are effective in reducing the risk of CVD, type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases. This paper summarizes the symposium presentations. (C) 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
A role for docosahexaenoic acid-derived neuroprotectin D1 in neural cell survival and Alzheimer disease; Deficiency in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a brain-essential omega-3 fatty acid, is associated with cognitive decline. Here we report that,,in cytokine-stressed human neural cells, DHA attenuates amyloid-P (AP) secretion, an effect accompanied by the formation of NPD1, a novel, DHA-derived 10,17S-docosatriene. DHA and NPD1 were reduced in Alzheimer disease (AD) hippocampal cornu ammonis region 1, but not in the thalamus or occipital lobes from the same brains. The expression of key enzymes in NPD1 biosynthesis, cytosolic phospholipase A(2) and 15-lipoxygenase, was altered in AD hippocampus. NPD1 repressed A beta 42-triggered activation of proinflammatory genes while upregulating the antiapoptotic genes encoding Bcl-2, Bcl-xl, and Bfl-1(A1). Soluble amyloid precursor protein-a stimulated NPD1 biosynthesis from DHA. These results indicate that NPD1 promotes brain cell survival via the induction of antiapoptotic and neuroprotective gene-expression programs that suppress A beta 42-induced neurotoxicity.
Chemical components and antibacterial activity of <i>Gundelia tournefortii</i> (L.) Compositae/Asteraceae (Iraq, Kurdistan Region, Sulaymaniyah, Penjwin area, "Kokhalan"); Ethyl acetate and hexane extracts of Gundelia tournefortii (L.) (Compositae/Asteraceae family) consist of the following components which are determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Both extracts contain 4 expected compounds. Hexane extract involves three components : methyl 14-methylpentadecanoate (27.43%), linoleic acid, methyl ester (42.32%), linolenic acid, methyl ester (29.48%). While one component was found in ethyl acetate extract : spiropentane, butyl (55.91%). The antibacterial activities of ethyl acetate and hexane extracts against pathogenic bacteria (Staphylococcus aureus, Bacillas subtilis, Escherichia coli, Klebsilla pneumonie, Pseudomonas aeruginosa) were measured using well diffusion methods. Considerable differences in the antibacterial activity of plant extracts were noticed depending on the used bacterial strain or the type and concentration of plant extracts.
Antitumor activity of P-4055 (elaidic acid-cytarabine) compared to cytarabine in metastatic and s.c. human tumor xenograft models; The antineoplastic efficacy of P-4055, a 5'-elaidic acid (C18:1, unsaturated fatty acid) ester of cytarabine, a nucleoside antimetabolite frequently used in the treatment of hematological malignancies, was examined in several in vivo models for human cancer,
Jasmonate is essential for insect defense Arabidopsis; The signaling pathways that allow plants to mount defenses against chewing insects are known to be complex, To investigate the role of jasmonate in wound signaling in Arabidopsis and to test whether parallel or redundant pathways exist for insect defense, we have studied a mutant (fad3-2fad7-2fad8) that is deficient in the jasmonate precursor linolenic acid, Mutant plants contained negligible levels of jasmonate and showed extremely high mortality (approximate to 80%) from attack by larvae of a common saprophagous fungal gnat, Bradysia impatiens (Diptera: Sciaridae), even though neighboring wild-type plants were largely unaffected. Application of exogenous methyl jasmonate substantially protected the mutant plants and reduced mortality to approximate to 12%. These experiments precisely define the role of jasmonate as being essential for the induction of biologically effective defense in this plant-insect interaction. The transcripts of three wound-responsive genes were shown not to be induced by wounding of mutant plants but the same transcripts could be induced by application of methyl jasmonate, By contrast, measurements of transcript levels for a gene encoding glutathione S-transferase demonstrated that wound induction of this gene is independent of jasmonate synthesis. These results indicate that the mutant will be a good genetic model for testing the practical effectiveness of candidate defense genes.
What is an optimal diet? Relationship of macronutrient intake to obesity, glucose tolerance, lipoprotein cholesterol levels and the metabolic syndrome in the Whitehall II study; OBJECTIVE: Saturated fats have adverse effects on health. To investigate which is more beneficial for energy replacement, we compare the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid and carbohydrate intake on obesity and metabolic variables (fasting triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and 2 h glucose). Further, because the optimum diet may differ according to glucose tolerance, we examine the same associations in glucose tolerant and intolerant groups. Finally, we test the effect of macronutrient intake on the presence or absence of the metabolic syndrome.
Prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation: novel and safe strategy based on the modulation of the antioxidant system; Postoperative atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common arrhythmia following cardiac surgery with extracorporeal circulation. The pathogenesis of postoperative AF is multrfactorial. Oxidative stress, caused by the unavoidable ischemia-reperfusion event occurring in this setting, is a major contributory factor. Reactive oxygen species (ROS)-derived effects could result in lipid peroxidation, protein carbonylation, or DNA oxidation of cardiac tissue, thus leading to functional and structural myocardial remodeling. The vulnerability of myocardial tissue to the oxidative challenge is also dependent on the activity of the antioxidant system. High ROS levels, overwhelming this system, should result in deleterious cellular effects, such as the induction of necrosis, apoptosis, or autophagy. Nevertheless, tissue exposure to low to moderate ROS levels could trigger a survival response with a trend to reinforce the antioxidant defense system. Administration of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), known to involve a moderate ROS production, is consistent with a diminished vulnerability to the development of postoperative AF. Accordingly, supplementation of n-3 PUFA successfully reduced the incidence of postoperative AF after coronary bypass grafting. This response is due to an up-regulation of antioxidant enzymes, as shown in experimental models. In turn, non-enzymatic antioxidant reinforcement through vitamin C administration prior to cardiac surgery has also reduced the postoperative AF incidence. Therefore, it should be expected that a mixed therapy result in an improvement of the cardioprotective effect by modulating both components of the antioxidant system. We present novel available evidence supporting the hypothesis of an effective prevention of postoperative AF including a two-step therapeutic strategy: n-3 PUFA followed by vitamin C supplementation to patients scheduled for cardiac surgery with extracorporeal circulation. The present study should encourage the design of clinical trials aimed to test the efficacy of this strategy to offer new therapeutic opportunities to patients challenged by ischemia reperfusion events not solely in heart, but also in other organs such as kidney or liver in transplantation surgeries.
Do polyunsaturated fatty acids behave like an endogenous "pollypill"?; Lowering plasma tow density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), blood pressure, homocysteine, and preventing platelet aggregation using a combination of a statin, three blood pressure lowering drugs such as a thiazide, a beta blocker, and an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor each at half standard dose; folic acid; and aspirin - called as polypill - was estimated to reduce cardiovascular events by similar to 80%. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their tong-chain metabolites and other products prevent platelet aggregation, lower blood pressure, reduce LDL-C, and ameliorate the adverse actions of homocysteine. Thus, EFAs and their metabolites show all the actions expected of the "polypill". Unlike the proposed "polypill", EFAs are endogenous molecules, have no significant side effects, can be taken orally for tong periods of time even by pregnant women, lactating mothers, and children; and have been shown to reduce the incidence cardiovascular diseases. I propose that a rational combination of (omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids is as beneficial as that of the "polypill"; and may even show additional benefit in the prevention of depression, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and enhance cognitive function. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition alleviates neuropathy in Akita (Ins2 Akita) mice; The soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) is a regulatory enzyme responsible for the metabolism of bioactive lipid epoxides of both omega-6 and omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. These natural epoxides mediate cell signaling in several physiological functions including blocking inflammation, high blood pressure and both inflammatory and neuropathic pain. Inhibition of the sEH maintains the level of endogenous bioactive epoxy-fatty acids (EpFA) and allows them to exert their generally beneficial effects. The Akita (Ins2(Akita) or Ins2(C96Y)) mice represent a maturity-onset of diabetes of the young (MODY) model in lean, functionally unimpaired animals, with a sexually dimorphic disease phenotype. This allowed for a test of male and female mice in a battery of functional and nociceptive assays to probe the role of sEH in this system. The results demonstrate that inhibiting the sEH is analgesic in diabetic neuropathy and this occurs in a sexually dimorphic manner. Interestingly, sEH activity is also sexually dimorphic in the Akita model, and moreover correlates with disease status particularly in the hearts of male mice. In addition, in vivo levels of oxidized lipid metabolites also correlate with increased sEH expression and the pathogenesis of disease in this model. Thus, sEH is a target to effectively block diabetic neuropathic pain but also demonstrates a potential role in mitigating the progression of this disease. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impact of differences in acute respiratory distress syndrome randomised controlled trial inclusion and exclusion criteria: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Control-arm mortality varies between acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) RCTs.
Cardio-Protective Properties and Health Benefits of Fish Lipid Bioactives; The Effects of Thermal Processing; The beneficial effects of fish-derived lipid bioactives have come to prominence over the last few decades, especially for their utilization in fish oils, supplements, and nutraceuticals. Omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), lipid vitamins, carotenoids, and polar lipid bioactives from fish have shown to possess a vast range of beneficial effects against a multitude of chronic disorders and especially against inflammation-and cardiovascular disorders (CVD). The observed cardio-protective effects and health benefits are believed to be attributed to the synergy of these fish-derived lipid bioactives. Within the present article the recent findings in the literature on the lipid content of the mainly consumed fish species, their bio-functionality, and cardio-protective benefits is thoroughly reviewed. Moreover, the recovery and valorization of such lipid bioactives from fish by-products and fishing by-catch, in order to reduce waste, while developing useful products containing cardio-protective lipids from the leftover materials of fisheries and aquaculture industries, are also of industrial and environmental interest. Emphasis is also given to the effects of heat treatments during fish processing on the structures and bio-functionality of these marine lipid bioactives, based on the paradigm of different cooking methodologies and thermal processing, while the compounds produced during such treatment(s) with detrimental changes in the fish lipid profile, which can reduce its cardio-protective efficacy, are also reviewed. Novel green extraction technologies and low temperature processing and cooking of fish and fishery by-products are needed to reduce these undesirable effects in a sustainable and environmentally friendly way.
Utilizing Dietary Micronutrient Ratios in Nutritional Research May be More Informative than Focusing on Single Nutrients; The 2015 US dietary guidelines advise the importance of good dietary patterns for health, which includes all nutrients. Micronutrients are rarely, if ever, consumed separately, they are not tissue specific in their actions and at the molecular level they are multitaskers. Metabolism functions within a seemingly random cellular milieu however ratios are important, for example, the ratio of adenosine triphosphate to adenosine monophosphate, or oxidized to reduced glutathione. Health status is determined by simple ratios, such as the waist hip ratio, or ratio of fat mass to lean mass. Some nutrient ratios exist and remain controversial such as the omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio and the sodium/potassium ratio. Therefore, examining ratios of micronutrients may convey more information about how diet and health outcomes are related. Summarized micronutrient intake data, from food only, from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, were used to generate initial ratios. Overall, in this preliminary analysis dietary ratios of micronutrients showed some differences between intakes and recommendations. Principles outlined here could be used in nutritional epidemiology and in basic nutritional research, rather than focusing on individual nutrient intakes. This paper presents the concept of micronutrient ratios to encourage change in the way nutrients are regarded.
Capture at the single cell level of metabolic modules distinguishing aggressive and indolent glioblastoma cells; Glioblastoma cell ability to adapt their functioning to microenvironment changes is a source of the extensive intra-tumor heterogeneity characteristic of this devastating malignant brain tumor. A systemic view of the metabolic pathways underlying glioblastoma cell functioning states is lacking. We analyzed public single cell RNA-sequencing data from glioblastoma surgical resections, which offer the closest available view of tumor cell heterogeneity as encountered at the time of patients' diagnosis. Unsupervised analyses revealed that information dispersed throughout the cell transcript repertoires encoded the identity of each tumor and masked information related to cell functioning states. Data reduction based on an experimentally-defined signature of transcription factors overcame this hurdle. It allowed cell grouping according to their tumorigenic potential, regardless of their tumor of origin. The approach relevance was validated using independent datasets of glioblastoma cell and tissue transcriptomes, patient-derived cell lines and orthotopic xenografts. Overexpression of genes coding for amino acid and lipid metabolism enzymes involved in anti-oxidative, energetic and cell membrane processes characterized cells with high tumorigenic potential. Modeling of their expression network highlighted the very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid synthesis pathway at the core of the network. Expression of its most downstream enzymatic component, ELOVL2, was associated with worsened patient survival, and required for cell tumorigenic properties in vivo. Our results demonstrate the power of signature-driven analyses of single cell transcriptomes to obtain an integrated view of metabolic pathways at play within the heterogeneous cell landscape of patient tumors.
Human health benefits supplied by Mediterranean marine biodiversity; This paper summarizes the overall benefits supplied by Mediterranean marine biodiversity to human health and highlights the anthropogenic and environmental causes that are threatening these benefits. First, the Mediterranean Sea is a valuable source of seafood, which is an important component of the so-called "Mediterranean diet". This type of diet has several health benefits, including cardio and cancer protective effects, which are attributed to the high intake of seafood-derived n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids. Second, the Mediterranean marine organisms, particularly the benthic ones, have furnished a large variety of bioactive metabolites, some of which are being developed into new drugs to threat major human diseases such as cancer. Third, the Mediterranean coastal areas provide environments for practising maritime leisure activities that provide physical and psychological benefits to users. Despite all this, fishing, tourism, contamination and sea warming are deteriorating this rich marine ecosystem, which needs to be protected to assure human welfare. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antioxidant role of selenium against maneb-induced cardiotoxicity in mice; The current study was conducted to assess the beneficial effect of selenium (Se) on maneb-induced cardiotoxicity and fatty acid alterations in adult mice. Swiss albino male mice were assigned into four experimental groups. The first group consisted of negative controls. The second group represented the positive controls where mice received daily, via the diet, sodium selenite at a dose of 0.2 mg/kg. For the third group, mice were subjected to intraperitoneal injections of maneb (30 mg/kg BW). The fourth group (MB+Se) received daily the same dose of maneb as group 3 along with sodium selenite at the same dose as group 2. Mice exposure to maneb caused cardiotoxicity as indicated by an increase in malondialdehyde, hydrogen peroxide, and protein carbonyl levels, and an alteration of the antioxidant defense system (catalase, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione, and vitamin C). Plasma lactate dehydrogenase activity and total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level decreased. Results showed also a decrease in the amount of n-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic, docosapentaenoic, and eicosapentaenoic acids. However, an increase in the levels of MUFA, cis-vaccenic, and palmitoleic acids was observed. Co-administration of Se restored the parameters indicated above to near control values. The histopathological findings confirmed the biochemical results. Selenium could be a useful and efficient agent against maneb-induced cardiotoxicity.
Plasma and erythrocyte membrane phospholipids and fatty acids in Italian general population and hemodialysis patients; Background: Dyslipidemia and abnormal phospholipid metabolism are frequent in uremic patients and increase their risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD): w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce this risk in the general population. In this study we compared the plasma and erythrocyte cell membrane composition of PUFAs in a group of Caucasian hemodialysis (HD) patients and in a control group of healthy subjects and evaluated the erythrocyte/cell membrane fatty acid ratio as a marker of the dietary intake of phospholipids. The relationship between w-3 andw-6 fatty acids and the possible differences in PUFAs concentrations were also investigated.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids produce a range of activators for heterogeneous I<sub>Ks</sub> channel dysfunction; Repolarization and termination of the ventricular cardiac action potential is highly dependent on the activation of the slow delayed-rectifier potassium I-Ks channel. Disruption of the I-Ks current leads to the most common form of congenital long QT syndrome (LQTS), a disease that predisposes patients to ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. We previously demonstrated that polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) analogues increase outward K+ current in wild type and LQTS-causing mutant I-Ks channels. Our group has also demonstrated the necessity of a negatively charged PUFA head group for potent activation of the I-Ks channel through electrostatic interactions with the voltage-sensing and pore domains. Here, we test whether the efficacy of the PUFAs can be tuned by the presence of different functional groups in the PUFA head, thereby altering the electrostatic interactions of the PUFA head group with the voltage sensor or the pore. We show that PUFA analogues with taurine and cysteic head groups produced the most potent activation of I-Ks channels, largely by shifting the voltage dependence of activation. In comparison, the effect on voltage dependence of PUFA analogues with glycine and aspartate head groups was half that of the taurine and cysteic head groups, whereas the effect on maximal conductance was similar. Increasing the number of potentially negatively charged moieties did not enhance the effects of the PUFA on the I-Ks channel. Our results show that one can tune the efficacy of PUFAs on I-Ks channels by altering the pK(a) of the PUFA head group. Different PUFAs with different efficacy on I-Ks channels could be developed into more personalized treatments for LQTS patients with a varying degree of I-Ks channel dysfunction.
Dietary fatty acids and CD36-mediated cholesterol homeostasis: potential mechanisms; Currently, the prevention and treatment of CVD have been a global focus since CVD is the number one cause of mortality and morbidity. In the pathogenesis of CVD, it was generally thought that impaired cholesterol homeostasis might be a risk factor. Cholesterol homeostasis is affected by exogenous factors (i.e. diet) and endogenous factors (i.e. certain receptors, enzymes and transcription factors). In this context, the number of studies investigating the potential mechanisms of dietary fatty acids on cholesterol homeostasis have increased in recent years. As well, the cluster of differentiation 36 (CD36) receptor is a multifunctional membrane receptor involved in fatty acid uptake, lipid metabolism, atherothrombosis and inflammation. CD36 is proposed to be a crucial molecule for cholesterol homeostasis in various mechanisms including absorption/reabsorption, synthesis, and transport of cholesterol and bile acids. Moreover, it has been reported that the amount of fatty acids and fatty acid pattern of the diet influence the CD36 level and CD36-mediated cholesterol metabolism principally in the liver, intestine and macrophages. In these processes, CD36-mediated cholesterol and lipoprotein homeostasis might be impaired by dietary SFA and trans-fatty acids, whereas ameliorated by MUFA in the diet. The effects of PUFA on CD36-mediated cholesterol homeostasis are controversial depending on the amount of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA, and the n-3:n-6 PUFA ratio. Thus, since the CD36 receptor is suggested to be a novel nutrient-sensitive biomarker, the role of CD36 and dietary fatty acids in cholesterol metabolism might be considered in medical nutrition therapy in the near future. Therefore, the novel nutritional target of CD36 and interventions that focus on dietary fatty acids and potential mechanisms underlying cholesterol homeostasis are discussed in this review.
A combination of flaxseed oil and astaxanthin alleviates atherosclerosis risk factors in high fat diet fed rats; Background: Atherosclerosis is the most common pathologic process underlying cardiovascular disease. Both flaxseed oil (FO) and astaxanthin (ASX) are believed to benefit cardiovascular system. The combined effect of FO and ASX on the atherosclerosis risk factors in rats fed a high-fat diet was investigated.
Eicosapentaenoic acid attenuates Aβ-induced neurotoxicity by decreasing neuroinflammation through regulation of microglial polarization; OBJECTIVE: Although the cause of Alzheimer's disease (AD) is still controversial, it is generally accepted that neuroinflammation plays a key role in AD pathogenesis. Thus, regulating the polarization of microglia will help in recovering from AD since microglia can be polarized into classical M1 and alternative M2 phenotypes, M1 microglia leading to neuroinflammation and M2 microglia acting as anti-inflammatory effectors. Our previous study demonstrated that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an essential n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, may modulate glial cell activity and functions, but it is not clear whether EPA plays a role in microglial polarization. Here, we aimed to test the hypothesis that EPA may regulate the polarization of microglia and subsequently alleviate neuroinflammation and neuronal damage.
Nutrition, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and the microbiome: recent progress in the field; Purpose of reviewNonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease worldwide and it has overlapping pathogenesis with diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Reviewed here are recent advances in understanding the contribution of diet and selected nutrients to NAFLD.Recent findingsTo understand the effect of diet, the microbiome must be considered because it is the interface of diet and the liver. Early studies suggest that the characteristic of the microbiota is altered in NAFLD. Fructose is a lipogenic carbohydrate that contributes to insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridemia and appears to be associated with the severity of NAFLD. Fructose absorption and malabsorption may alter the microbiota and could be mediating effects on the liver. Lipids also have potent microbiome interactions and could contribute to the benefit of diets emphasizing lipid changes. Several new studies demonstrate that the Mediterranean diet and lifestyle change' are effective in modestly improving NAFLD. A new study of lifestyle' in children showed simultaneous improvement in cardiovascular disease risk measurements and hepatic steatosis.SummaryCurrent data supports limiting sugar in the diet and lifestyle change' as a first-line treatment for NAFLD; however, the benefits from these appear to be modest. The effects of diet on the liver are mediated through the microbiome and expansion of research in this area is needed.
Age-dependent sensitization to oxidative stress by dietary fatty acids; Experiments were designed to test the hypothesis that short-term feeding of a high polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) diet would increase susceptibility to lipid peroxidation in an age-dependent manner. Young (6 month) and old (24 month) male B6C3F1 mice were fed modified AIN-76 diets containing either 5% corn oil (CO, N=5 per age group) or 19% fish oil plus 1% corn oil (FO, N=20 per age group) for two weeks. Five CO and Jive FO diet mice per age received an intraperitoneal injection of normal saline and were sacrificed one hour later; the remaining FO diet mice (N=15 per age) were challenged with an acute systemic oxidative stress by intraperitoneal injection of 125 mg iron/kg body weight as iron dextran, and were sacrificed 1, 5, and 24 hours post-injection. Microsomal membrane fatty acid analysis revealed that increased age and a FO diet significantly increased membrane PUFA content. Serum iron levels increased significantly following iron treatment, peaking at 5 hours in both age groups. Formation of microsomal malondialdehyde (MDA), a product of lipid peroxidation, was significantly greater in the livers of the young mice. The temporal patterns of serum iron and microsomal MDA concentrations were significantly correlated in young mice, but not in old mice. Histochemical examination showed that liver iron accumulation following iron injection was similar in both age groups, but was associated with a significant temporal increase in liver apoptotic cells in young mice, but not in old mice. Thus, both age groups had similar iron exposure and iron accumulation, and the liver microsomal membranes of old mice were more unsaturated, yet there was significantly greater peroxidative damage (MDA formation) and cell death (apoptosis) in the young mouse livers. These findings suggest that the older animals have upregulated antioxidant defenses. (C) 1998, Editrice Kurtis.
Do seed VLCFAs trigger spongy tissue formation in Alphonso mango by inducing germination?; Spongy tissue is a physiological disorder in Alphonso mango caused by the inception of germination-associated events during fruit maturation on the tree, rendering the fruit inedible. Inter-fruit competition during active fruit growth is a major contributing factor for the disorder which leads to reduced fat content in spongy tissue affected fruits. This study was, therefore, carried out to determine the possible association between seed fats and ST formation. The study of the fat content during fruit growth showed that it increased gradually from 40% fruit maturity. At 70% maturity, however, there was a sudden increase of fat content of whole fruit, leading to acute competition and resulting in differential allocation of resources among developing fruits. As a result, the seed in spongy-tissue-affected mature ripe fruit showed a marked drop in the levels of fats and the two very long chain fatty acids (VLCFAs), tetracosanoic acid and hexacosanoic acid together with an increase of linolenic acid and a fall in oleic acid contents, which are known to be key determinants for the initiation of pre-germination events in seed. Subsequently, a rise in the level of cytokinin and gibberellins in ST seed associated with a fall in abscisic acid level clearly signalled the onset of germination. Concurrently, a significant reduction in the ratio of linolenic acid/linoleic acid in pulp led to the loss of membrane integrity, cell death and the eventual formation of spongy tissue. Based on the above, it is concluded that a significant reduction in the biosynthesis of VLCFAs in seeds during fruit growth might trigger pre-germination events followed by a cascade of biochemical changes in the pulp, leading to lipid peroxidation and membrane injury in pulp culminating in ST development. Thus, this study presents crucial experimental evidence to highlight the critical role played by VLCFAs in inducing ST formation in Alphonso mango during the pre-harvest phase of fruit growth.
5-lipoxygenase mediates docosahexaenoyl ethanolamide and N-arachidonoyl-L-alanine-induced reactive oxygen species production and inhibition of proliferation of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cells; Background: Endocannabinoids have recently drawn attention as promising anti-cancer agents. We previously observed that anandamide (AEA), one of the representative endocannabinoids, effectively inhibited the proliferation of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) cell lines in a receptor-independent manner. In this study, using HNSCC cell lines, we examined the anti-cancer effects and the mechanisms of action of docosahexaenoyl ethanolamide (DHEA) and N-arachidonoyl-L-alanine (NALA), which are polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-based ethanolamides like AEA.
Carcass and meat quality in lambs receiving natural tannins from<i> Mimosa</i> tenuiflora hay; This study evaluated the level of natural tannins from Mimosa tenuiflora hay replacing Brachiaria decumbens cv. Basilisk hay in the diet of lambs on the composition of the carcass tissue, physicochemical properties, fatty acid profile and sensory attributes of lamb meat. A total of 28 uncastrated Santa Ines lambs with initial average body weight (BW) of 28.0 ? 0.5 kg was distributed in a block randomized design with four treatments each [four levels of inclusion of M. tenuiflora hay, providing four different level of tannins at 1.21 (control or without M. tenuiflora hay), 9.3; 17.4 and 25.4 g/kg dry matter (DM) total] and seven replicates. The inclusion of natural tannins from M. tenuiflora hay in the lamb diet resulted in quadratic increases (P <0.05) in DM intake (DMI), slaughter final weight (SBW), average daily gain (ADG), loin cut weight, muscle weight, subcutaneous fat, water holding capacity (WHC), ?n?6:?n?3 and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio. The inclusion of tannins in the lamb diet promoted a linear increase (P <0.05) on subcutaneous fat, intermuscular fat, total fat, fat yield, muscle:fat ratio of the leg cut, C18:1n?9?trans, and enzyme activity of ?9?desaturase C18:0. The inclusion of natural tannins in the diet promoted a linear reduction (P <0.05) on the FA C17:0, C18:0, ?SFA, MUFA?trans and thrombogenicity index (TI) and a quadratic reduction on C22:6n?3 (P <0.05) of lamb meat. There was no effect of the inclusion of tannins from M. tenuiflora hay in the diet on tissues weights, pH (24 h), moisture, protein, total lipids, crude ash content, shear force, coloration indexes, cooking weight loss, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and sensory attributes of lamb meat. However, meat of the lambs receiving 25.4 g/kg DM of tannin presented a greater (P <0.05) average overall acceptance (7.30) according to the hedonic scale ranging from 1 to 9 and to 9 as extremely like. It is recommended inclusion of M. tenuiflora replacing Brachiaria decumbens hay at 250 g/kg of roughage corresponding to 17.4 g/kg DM of tannins inclusion in the diet of Santa Ines sheep because improves the performance, WHC, overall acceptance, and lipid quality from the reductions in ?SFA and IT, which are associated with cardiovascular disease risk.
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) enhances the therapeutic potential of neonatal neural stem cell transplantation post-Traumatic brain injury; Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) is a major cause of death and disability worldwide with 1.5 million people inflicted yearly. Several neurotherapeutic interventions have been proposed including drug administration as well as cellular therapy involving neural stem cells (NSCs). Among the proposed drugs is docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid, exhibiting neuroprotective properties. In this study, we utilized an innovative intervention of neonatal NSCs transplantation in combination with DHA injections in order to ameliorate brain damage and promote functional recovery in an experimental model of TBI. Thus, NSCs derived from the sub ventricular zone of neonatal pups were cultured into neurospheres and transplanted in the cortex of an experimentally controlled cortical impact mouse model of TBI. The effect of NSC transplantation was assessed alone and/or in combination with DHA administration. Motor deficits were evaluated using pole climbing and rotarod tests. Using immunohistochemistry, the effect of transplanted NSCs and DHA treatment was used to assess astrocytic (Glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP) and microglial (ionized calcium binding adaptor molecule-1, IBA-1) activity. In addition, we quantified neuroblasts (doublecortin; DCX) and dopaminergic neurons (tyrosine hydroxylase; TH) expression levels. Combined NSC transplantation and DHA injections significantly attenuated TBI-induced motor function deficits (pole climbing test), promoted neurogenesis, coupled with an increase in glial reactivity at the cortical site of injury. In addition, the number of tyrosine hydroxylase positive neurons was found to increase markedly in the ventral tegmental area and substantia nigra in the combination therapy group. Immunoblotting analysis indicated that DHA + NSCs treated animals showed decreased levels of 38 kDa GFAP-BDP (breakdown product) and 145 kDa all-spectrin SBDP indicative of attenuated calpain/caspase activation. These data demonstrate that prior treatment with DHA may be a desirable strategy to improve the therapeutic efficacy of NSC transplantation in TBI.
Polyphenol-Rich <i>Aronia melanocarpa</i> Juice Consumption Affects <i>LINE</i>-<i>1</i> DNA Methylation in Peripheral Blood Leukocytes in Dyslipidemic Women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is associated with alterations in DNA methylation and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) profile, both modulated by dietary polyphenols. The present parallel, placebo-controlled study (part of the original clinical study registered as NCT02800967 at www.clinicaltrials.gov) aimed to determine the impact of 4-week daily consumption of polyphenol-rich Aronia melanocarpa juice (AMJ) treatment on Long Interspersed Nucleotide Element-1 (LINE-1) methylation in peripheral blood leukocytes and on plasma PUFAs, in subjects (n = 54, age range of 40.2 +/- 6.7 years) at moderate CVD risk, including an increased body mass index, central obesity, high normal blood pressure, and/or dyslipidemia. The goal was also to examine whether factors known to affect DNA methylation (folate intake levels, MTHFR C677T gene variant, anthropometric and metabolic parameters) modulated the LINE-1 methylation levels upon the consumption of polyphenol-rich aronia juice. Experimental analysis of LINE-1 methylation was done by MethyLight method. MTHFR C677T genotypes were determined by the polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method, and folate intake was assessed by processing the data from the food frequency questionnaire. PUFAs were measured by gas-liquid chromatography, and serum lipid profile was determined by using Roche Diagnostics kits. The statistical analyses were performed using Statistica software package. In the comparison after vs. before the treatment period, in dyslipidemic women (n = 22), we observed significant decreases in LINE-1 methylation levels (97.54 +/- 1.50 vs. 98.39 +/- 0.86%, respectively; P = 0.01) and arachidonic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid ratio [29.17 +/- 15.21 vs. 38.42 (25.96-89.58), respectively; P = 0.02]. The change (after vs. before treatment) in LINE-1 methylation directly correlated with the presence of MTHFR 677T allele, average daily folate intake, and the change in serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol but inversely correlated with the change in serumtriacylglycerols (R = 0.72, R-2 = 0.52, adjusted R-2 = 0.36, P = 0.03). The current results imply potential cardioprotective effects of habitual polyphenol-rich aronia juice consumption achieved through the modifications of DNA methylation pattern and PUFAs in subjects at CVD risk, which should be further confirmed. Hence, the precision nutrition-driven modulations of both DNA methylation and PUFA profile may become targets for new approaches in the prevention of CVD.
Effects of a dietary supplement on cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Background and Aims. Prospective studies have demonstrated that the risk of death due to ischaemic heart disease is strongly correlated with blood cholesterol (TC) levels. Diet is the basic treatment for all dyslipidaemia. If diet alone proves inadequate, supplements can be used to try to reduce cholesterol levels. These substances are indicated in moderate dyslipidaemia, as they are able to induce a moderate reduction in blood cholesterol. The objective of our study was to investigate the effects of a dietary supplement containing Omega-3, Policosanol, Resveratrol, L-carnitine, Monascus purpureus, Coenzyme Q10, Vitamin B6 and Vitamin B12 on TC (primary end point) and LDL, triglycerides and HDL (secondary endpoints).
Eicosapentaenoic acid promotes mitochondrial biogenesis and beige-like features in subcutaneous adipocytes from overweight subjects; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid, has been reported to have beneficial effects in obesity-associated metabolic disorders. The objective of the present study was to determine the effects of EPA on the regulation of genes involved in lipid metabolism, and the ability of EPA to induce mitochondrial biogenesis and beiging in subcutaneous adipocytes from overweight subjects. Fully differentiated human subcutaneous adipocytes from overweight females (BM1: 28.1-29.8 kg/m(2)) were treated with EPA (100-200 mu M) for 24 h. Changes in mRNA expression levels of genes involved in lipogenesis, fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial biogenesis were determined by qRT-PCR. Mitochondrial content was evaluated using MitoTracker (R) Green stain. The effects on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, co-activator 1 alpha (PGC-1 alpha) and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) were also characterized. EPA down-regulated lipogenic genes expression while up-regulated genes involved in fatty acid oxidation. Moreover, EPA-treated adipocytes showed increased mitochondria( content, accompanied by an up-regulation of nuclear respiratory factor-1, mitochondrial transcription factor A and cytochrome c oxidase IV mRNA expression. EPA also promoted the activation of master regulators of mitochondrial biogenesis such as sirtuin 1, PGC1-alpha and AMPK. In parallel, EPA induced the expression of genes that typify beige adipocytes such as fat determination factor PR domain containing 16, uncoupling protein 1 and cell death-inducing DFFA-like effector A, T-Box protein 1 and CD137. Our results suggest that EPA induces a remodeling of adipocyte metabolism preventing fat storage and promoting fatty acid oxidation, mitochondrial biogenesis and beige-like markers in human subcutaneous adipocytes from overweight subjects. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Minerals and fatty acids profile of Northwest Portuguese coast shrimps; Two shrimp species were sampled in different seasons and locations on Portuguese coast. Their fatty acid content and 28 essential, probably essential and potentially toxic/non-essential elements were quantified. A 100 g serving of shrimp muscle from the Portuguese coast provides 78 % of the recommended daily intake. Both species presented low omega-6/omega-3 ratio, 0.15 for P. serratus and 0.23 for P. varians, respectively. The quality indices presented also good values for shrimp samples, hypocholestemlemic/hypercholesterolemic ratio (HH) was 2.60 for P. serratus and 2.55 for P.varians. The index of thrombogenicity (IT) were 0.24 and 0.25 for P. serratus and P. varians, respectively and index of atherogenicity (IA) was 0.41 and 0.43 for P. serratus and P. varians, respectively. The Mg, Na, K, Ca, I, Cr, Cu and Se in shrimp samples analyzed can provide more than 5 % of the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA)/ Adequate Intake (AI). The best nutritional Ca/Mg ratio was found in P. serratus (1.7). Portuguese shrimp has proven to be a good dietary source of EPA, DHA and some essential elements, also Target Hazard Quotient (THQ) and risk-benefit evaluation shown that there is no significant danger associated with the consumption of Portuguese shrimp.
Therapeutic time window in the penumbra during permanent focal ischemia in rats: Changes of free fatty acids and glycerophospholipids; To better define a therapeutic time window for reducing the extent of damage in ischemic penumbra, the time courses of changes in the glycerophospholipid and free fatty acid (FFA) levels were determined in the rat cerebral cortex following induction of the permanent focal ischemia. Focal ischemia induced a biphasic increase in FFA levels in the cerebral cortex, which had been recognized as the ischemic penumbra during the early stages after permanent occlusion of the middle cerebral artery (MCA). The first increase in FFA levels, in which the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) contained a large number of arachidonic acid (C20:4) molecules, began at 30 min and reached a peak at 1 h, followed by transient return to each sham level 2-6 h after the onset of MCA occlusion. Thereafter, the delayed increase in FFA levels, showing more increases of docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6) molecules than the C20:4 in PUFA compositions, occurred at 24 h. In contrast, the levels of phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate (PIP) and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) decreased rapidly at 30 min of ischemia and returned transiently to each sham level at 1-6 h. The levels of phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), including polyphosphoinositides (PIPs), began to decrease significantly during the late stages, i.e., 24 h after induction of ischemia. These results suggest that the time-dependent changes in FFA and PIPs levels during the early stages of ischemia (until 6 h after induction) might be an important determinant of the subsequent neuronal death in the ischemic penumbra and that the breakdown of glycerophospholipids in the later stages after the induction of focal ischemia was associated with the development of infarction in the cerebral cortex.
Protein-energy interactions: horizontal aspects; Protein and energy interact at many levels to ensure survival of the organism, productivity in an agricultural setting and the health of both the animal and consumers of its products. Nutrients interact through interchange of carbon skeletons via intermediary metabolism and this provides metabolic flexibility required at the cell, organ and whole body level. This flexibility allows key organs, such as the digestive tract, muscle and mammary gland, to respond to metabolic demands across a wide range of nutrient inputs and patterns of supply. Understanding the important factors involved will aid future strategies to maximise nutrient use for anabolic outputs in farm animals. Furthermore, recent studies have also indicated how important the interactions between proteins and energy are in maintaining the metabolic health of humans and animals. Mothers fed adequate energy, but low protein, place their offspring at risk of late onset diseases e.g. diabetes and cardiovascular disease linked to insulin insensitivity. In contrast, insulin sensitivity can be improved during post-natal growth or adulthood by replacement of saturated fat consumptions by polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and this benefits both amino acid (AA) and glucose metabolism. In other situations, although high rates of post-natal AA supply can increase hepatic gluconeogenesis this leads to impaired glucose utilisation in muscle, but not in adipose tissue. Recent advances in the molecular understanding of nutrient/ hormone signal cascades in cells have revealed a key role for the mammalian target of rapomycin (mTOR) in regulation and integration of AA, glucose and insulin action. Interestingly, the same pathway may also function in the brain to regulate appetite and food intake, through sensing factors such as energy (ATP) status and leucine availability. In addition, conversion of AA to glucose by the small intestine may act as a satiety signal to inhibit intake and provide a means to regulate energy over-consumption. Therefore, in the areas of both animal production and human health, exciting challenges exist as we try to understand and manipulate protein-energy interactions at the cell, organ and whole body level. These different targets may involve manipulation of common mechanisms but to achieve these future advances necessitates the integration of molecular and modelling approaches with a clear understanding of the consequences at both the organ and whole animal level.
Does diet play a role in the prevention and management of depression among adolescents? A narrative review; Background: Depression is one of the major causes of illness and disability, while suicide is the second leading cause of death amongst adolescents. Although many factors determine the mental health of an individual, diet has been gaining popularity as a key modifiable factor in the prevention and management of depression. Nutritional Psychiatry is an emerging field where researchers suggest that the food we consume influences our mental well-being. Aim: This review aims to explore the significance of diet, nutrient deficiencies, imbalances, and unhealthy dietary patterns in the prevention and management of unipolar depression or major depressive disorder among adolescents. Methods: Electronic databases such as PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, Science Direct, and MEDLINE were searched using keywords such as "mental health," "depression," "adolescents," "diet," "dietary pattern," and pertinent articles (N = 68) were retrieved and reviewed. Results: The Mediterranean and traditional diets rich in complex carbohydrates, omega-3 fatty acids, B-group vitamins and several amino acids have shown negative correlation with the incidence of depression. On the other hand, Western dietary patterns (sweetened beverages, processed/ junk food, and foods rich in saturated fatty acids), along with low consumption of fruits and vegetables have been linked to an increased risk of depression among adolescents. Conclusion: Dietary modification can prove to be a cost-effective strategy for the prevention and treatment of depression among adolescents. Diet and nutrition need to be recognized as key modifiable targets for the prevention of mental disorders and nutritional medicine should be considered as an integral part of psychiatric treatment.
Dietary Supplements during COVID-19 Outbreak. Results of Google Trends Analysis Supported by PLifeCOVID-19 Online Studies; The use of dietary supplements (DSs) has been steadily increasing all over the world and additionally, the sales of DSs have dynamical increased in the wake of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in most of the countries. We investigated DSs phenomenon in 2020 through (1) exploration of Google searches worldwide and in Poland (with Google Trends (GT) tool), and (2) analyses of results of PLifeCOVID-19 Online Studies conducted during the first and second wave of the pandemic. The conducted GT analysis and cross-sectional studies revealed that during the COVID-19 outbreak in March 2020, the interest in immune-related compounds and foods like vitamins C and D, zinc, omega-3, garlic, ginger, or turmeric, as well as their consumption increased. Improving immunity was the main reason behind the supplementation and changes in consumption of pro-healthy foods. GT analysis has shown these interests were positively correlated with the interest in COVID-19, but adversely with cumulative cases or deaths. Respondents tended to start supplementation during the first COVID-19 wave rather than the second one. Except for the role of vitamins D and C, zinc, and selenium in patients with deficiencies of those nutrients, there are no clear and convincing studies that support the role of DSs use in COVID-19 prevention and treatment in healthy, well-nourished individuals. Moreover, as the risk of elevated intake of some nutrients due to the popularity of DSs exists, effective education of consumers in rationale use of DSs and health-protecting behaviors against COVID-19 should be developed.
Solubility and physicochemical properties of resveratrol in peanut oil; The solubility and physicochemical properties of resveratrol in peanut oil were systematically studied following ultrasonic and magnetic stirring-assisted dissolution. The highest resveratrol solubility in peanut oil observed was 95.91%. The optimal dissolution process was determined to be the addition of 183.00 mg/kg resveratrol, a magnetic temperature of 40.00celcius, and a magnetic duration of 3.50 h, which yielded a resveratrol content of 175.51 mg/kg oil. Under this standardized process, the oil composition remained unchanged. Resveratrol promoted the conversion of saturated triglycerides into unsaturated triglycerides, increased the linolenic acid content, and did not facilitate the formation of trans fatty acids. In addition, resveratrol preserved the light color, decreased the peroxide and acid values by 30%, prolonged the shelf life by more than 2 folds, and improved the thermal stability. In this sense, peanut oil with resveratrol can serve as anti-isomerism and antioxidant additive.
Perspectives in liver redox imbalance: Toxicological and pharmacological aspects underlying iron overloading, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and thyroid hormone action; Oxidative stress is an imbalance between oxidants and antioxidants in favor of the oxidants, leading to a disruption of redox signaling and control, and/or molecular damage altering cellular functions. This redox imbalance may trigger different responses depending on the antioxidant potential of a given cell, the level of reactive oxygen/nitrogen species (ROS/RNS) attained and the time of exposure, with protective effects being induced at low ROS/RNS levels in acute or short-term conditions, and harmful effects after high ROS/RNS exposure in prolonged situations. Relevant conditions underlying liver redox imbalance include iron overload associated with ROS production via Fenton chemistry and the magnitude of the iron labile pool achieved, with low iron exposure inducing protective effects related to nuclear factor-kappa B, signal transducer and activation of transcription 3, and nuclear factor erythroid-related factor 2 (Nrf2) activation and upregulation of ferritin, hepcidin, acute-phase response and antioxidant components, whereas high iron exposure causes drastic oxidation of biomolecules, mitochondrial dysfunction, and cell death due to necrosis, apoptosis and/or ferroptosis. Redox imbalance in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is related to polyunsaturated fatty acid depletion, lipogenic factor sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c upregulation, fatty acid oxidation-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha downregulation, low antioxidant factor Nrf2 and insulin resistance, a phenomenon that is exacerbated in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis triggering an inflammatory response. Thyroid hormone (T-3) administration determines liver preconditioning against ischemia-reperfusion injury due to the redox activation of several transcription factors, AMP-activated protein kinase, unfolded protein response and autophagy. High grade liver redox imbalance occurring in severe iron overload is adequately handled by iron chelation, however, that underlying NAFLD/NASH is currently under study in several Phase II and Phase III trials.
Docosahexaenoic acid normalizes QT interval in long QT type 2 transgenic rabbit models in a genotype-specific fashion; Aim Long QT syndrome (LQTS) is a cardiac channelopathy predisposing to ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. Since current therapies often fail to prevent arrhythmic events in certain LQTS subtypes, new therapeutic strategies are needed. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a polyunsaturated fatty acid, which enhances the repolarizing I-Ks current. Methods and results We investigated the effects of DHA in wild type (WT) and transgenic long QT Type 1 (LQT1; loss of I-Ks), LQT2 (loss of I-Kr), LQT5 (reduction of I-Ks), and LQT2-5 (loss of I-Kr and reduction of I-Ks) rabbits. In vivo ECGs were recorded at baseline and after 10 mu M/kg DHA to assess changes in heart-rate corrected QT (QTc) and short-term variability of QT (STVQT). Ex vivo monophasic action potentials were recorded in Langendorff-perfused rabbit hearts, and action potential duration (APD(75)) and triangulation were assessed. Docosahexaenoic acid significantly shortened QTc in vivo only in WT and LQT2 rabbits, in which both alpha- and beta-subunits of I-K(s)-conducting channels are functionally intact. In LQT2, this led to a normalization of QTc and of its short-term variability. Docosahexaenoic acid had no effect on QTc in LQT1, LQT5, and LQT2-5. Similarly, ex vivo, DHA shortened APD(75) in WT and normalized it in LQT2, and additionally decreased AP triangulation in LQT2. Conclusions Docosahexaenoic acid exerts a genotype-specific beneficial shortening/normalizing effect on QTc and APD(75) and reduces pro-arrhythmia markers STVQT and AP triangulation through activation of I-Ks in LQT2 rabbits but has no effects if either alpha- or beta-subunits to I-Ks are functionally impaired. Docosahexaenoic acid could represent a new genotype-specific therapy in LQT2.
Upregulation of Nrf2 Signalling and the Inhibition of Erastin-Induced Ferroptosis by Ferulic Acid in MIN6 Cells; Ferroptosis is a regulated cell death process characterised by the iron-dependent accumulation of oxidised polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phospholipids. Its initiation is complicated and involves reactive oxygen species (ROS) and a loss of the activity of the lipid repair enzyme glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4). These play critical roles in the development of ferroptotic cell damage by lipid peroxidation. Antioxidant therapy is a promising therapeutic strategy to prevent or even reverse the progression of ferroptosis. This study was designed to demonstrate the protective effect of ferulic acid (FA) against oxidative stress and erastin-mediated ferroptosis in murine MIN6 cells. Cells were treated with FA or its metabolite ferulic acid 4-O-sulfate disodium salt (FAS) and 20 mu M of erastin. Cell viability was determined by 3-(4,5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, iron levels were measured by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS), ROS levels were determined by a dihydrodichlorofluorescein (H2DCF) cell-permeant probe, and glutathione and lipid peroxidation were assayed with commercially available kits. The phenolic acids enhanced cell viability in erastin-treated MIN6 cells in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, MIN6 cells exposed to erastin alone showed elevated levels of iron and ROS, glutathione (GSH) depletion, and lipid peroxidation (p < 0.05) compared to cells that were protected by co-treatment with FA or FAS. The treatment of MIN6 cells with FA or FAS following exposure to erastin increased the nuclear translocation of nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) protein levels. Consequently, levels of its downstream antioxidant proteins, HO-1, NQO1, GCLC, and GPX4, increased. FA and FAS greatly decreased erastin-induced ferroptosis in the presence of the Nrf2 inhibitor, ML385, through the regulation of Nrf2 response genes. In conclusion, these results show that FA and FAS protect MIN6 cells from erastin-induced ferroptosis by the Nrf2 antioxidant protective mechanism.
A Comparative Study of Fatty Acid Content in Yolk of Native Eggs and Ordinary Eggs Available in the Market; In this test, gas chromatographic method was used to determine the fatty acid content of ordinary eggs and native eggs of brands A, B and C. The results indicate that: In the test samples, totally 7 types of SFA, 7 types of MUFA, and 8 types of PUFA were detected. Specifically, no significant difference was found in the content of C14:0 similar to C18:0 (P>0.05). The content of C16:0 in the yolk of both native eggs and ordinary eggs was high; in the yolk of native eggs of the three brands, the content of C14:1 and C16:1 was both significantly higher than that of ordinary eggs (P<0.05); the content of C17:1 in yolk of native eggs of brand A was significantly higher than that of brand C native eggs (P<0.05); the content of C18: 2n6t and C20:2 in yolk of ordinary eggs and brand C eggs was significantly higher than that of brand A and B native eggs (P< 0.05); the content of C18:2n6c in yolk of ordinary eggs was significantly higher than that of brands A and C native eggs (P< 0.05); the content of C22:6n3 in yolk of ordinary eggs was significantly higher than that of brand A native eggs (P<0.05); there was no significant difference in omega-6/omega-3 PUFA ratio of yolk of ordinary eggs and native eggs of three brands (P>0.05). The study provides theoretical and practical reference for customers for selection of eggs.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids alter myocardial protein kinase C expression and affect cardioprotection induced by chronic hypoxia; We examined the influence of dietary fatty acid (FA) classes on the expression of protein kinase C (PKC) delta and a in relation to the cardioprotective effects of chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH). Adult male Wistar rats were fed a nonfat diet enriched with 10% lard (saturated FA [SFA]), fish oil (n-3 polyunsaturated FA [n-3 PUFA]), or corn oil (n-6 PUFA) for 10 weeks. After 4 weeks on the diet, each group was divided into two subgroups that were either exposed to CIH in a barochamber (7000 m, 8 hrs/ day) or kept at normoxia for an additional 5-6 weeks. A FA phospholipid profile and Western blot analysis of PKC were performed in left ventricles. Infarct size was assessed in anesthetized animals subjected to 20-min coronary artery occlusion and 3-hr reperfusion. CIH decreased the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in all groups by 23% independently of the initial value set by various diets. The combination of n-3 diet and CIH had a stronger antiarrhythmic effect during reperfusion than the n-3 diet alone; this effect was less pronounced in rats fed the n-6 diet. The normoxic n-6 group exhibited smaller infarctions (by 22%) than the n-3 group. CIH decreased the infarct size in n-3 and SFA groups (by 20% and 23%, respectively) but not in the n6 group. Unlike PKC epsilon, the abundance of PKC delta in the myocardial particulate fraction was increased by CIH except for the n-6 group. Myocardial infarct size was negatively correlated (r = -0.79) with the abundance of PKC delta in the particulate fraction. We conclude that lipid diets modify the infarct size-limiting effect of CIH by a mechanism that involves the PKC delta-dependent pathway.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Medication Use in the 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy account for approximately 22% of all maternal deaths in Latin America and the Caribbean. Pharmacotherapies play an important role in preventing and reducing the occurrence of adverse outcomes. However, the patterns of medications used for treating women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) living in this country is unclear. A population-based birth cohort study including 4262 women was conducted to describe the pattern of use of cardiovascular agents and acetylsalicylic acid between women with and without HDP in the 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort. The prevalence of maternal and perinatal outcomes in this population was also assessed. HDP were classified according to Ministry of Health recommendations. Medications were defined using the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System and the substance name. In this cohort, 1336 (31.3%) of women had HDP. Gestational hypertension was present in 636 (47.6%) women, 409 (30.6%) had chronic hypertension, 191 (14.3%) pre-eclampsia, and 89 (6.7%) pre-eclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension. Approximately 70% of women with HDP reported not using any cardiovascular medications. Methyldopa in monotherapy was the most frequent treatment (16%), regardless of the type of HDP. Omega-3 was the medication most frequently reported by women without HDP. Preterm delivery, caesarean section, low birth weight, and neonatal intensive care admissions were more prevalent in women with HDP. Patterns of use of methyldopa were in-line with the Brazilian guidelines as the first-line therapy for HDP. However, the large number of women with HDP not using medications to manage HDP requires further investigation.
Antioxidant Therapy and Drugs Interfering with Lipid Metabolism: Could They Be Effective in NAFLD Patients?; This review is part of a special issue dealing with various aspects of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). We will focus on promising treatments of NASH with antioxidants and drugs that interfere with lipid metabolism. The other therapies of interest, such as diet, behavioral changes, and insulin sensitizers are presented elsewhere.
Further Evidence on Efficacy of Diet Supplementation with Fatty Acids in Ocular Pathologies: Insights from the EAE Model of Optic Neuritis; In the experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) mouse model of optic neuritis, we recently demonstrated that diet supplementation with a balanced mixture of fatty acids (FAs), including omega 3 and omega 6, efficiently limited inflammatory events in the retina and prevented retinal ganglion cell (RGC) death, although mechanisms underlying the efficacy of FAs were to be elucidated. Whether FAs effectiveness was accompanied by efficient rescue of demyelinating events in the optic nerve was also unresolved. Finally, the possibility that RGC rescue might result in ameliorated visual performance remained to be investigated. Here, the EAE model of optic neuritis was used to investigate mechanisms underlying the anti-inflammatory effects of FAs, including their potential efficacy on macrophage polarization. In addition, we determined how FAs-induced rescue of RGC degeneration was related to optic nerve histopathology by performing ultrastructural morphometric analysis with transmission electron microscopy. Finally, RGC rescue was correlated with visual performance by recording photopic electroretinogram, an efficient methodology to unravel the role of RGCs in the generation of electroretinographic waves. We conclude that the ameliorative effects of FAs were dependent on a predominant anti-inflammatory action including a role on promoting the shift of macrophages from the inflammatory M1 phenotype towards the anti-inflammatory M2 phenotype. This would finally result in restored optic nerve histopathology and ameliorated visual performance. These findings can now offer new perspectives for implementing our knowledge on the effectiveness of diet supplementation in counteracting optic neuritis and suggest the importance of FAs as possible adjuvants in therapies against inflammatory diseases of the eye.
Ultra-Processed Food Consumption Is Associated with Abdominal Obesity: A Prospective Cohort Study in Older Adults; Introduction and objectives. Ultra-processed food (UPF) consumption has been associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular disease and its risk factors. The aim of this study was to assess, for the first time in the literature, the prospective association between UPF consumption and the incidence of abdominal obesity (AO) in older adults. Methods. The study sample consists of 652 participants in the Seniors Study on Nutrition and Cardiovascular Risk in Spain: Seniors-ENRICA-1 study, (mean age 67, 44% women). At baseline, standardized anthropometric measurements were collected (including abdominal circumference). After a median follow-up of six years, the abdominal circumference was measured again, and the incidence of abdominal obesity (AO) was calculated, defined as an abdominal perimeter >= 102 cm in men and >= 88 cm in women. At baseline, dietary information was collected using a computerized and validated dietary history. Information was obtained on the usual diet in the previous year. A total number of 880 foods were classified according to their degree of processing following the NOVA classification. Foods or drinks formulated mostly or entirely from substances derived from foods, with little or no presence of the unaltered original food were classified as UPF. For each participant, the percentage of energy from UPF was derived and sex-specific tertiles were calculated. Logistic regression models were built and adjusted for sociodemographic, lifestyle, morbidity, and drug treatment variables. Results. Among those participants without AO at baseline, 177 developed AO during follow-up. The average consumption of UPF was 17% of total energy (7% in the first tertile; 29% in the third tertile). The odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for incident AO risk when compared to the lowest tertile was: 1.55 (0.99-2.44) for the second tertile of UPF consumption and 1.62 (1.04-2.54) for the third tertile;pfor linear trend: 0.037. Results remained statistically significant after adjusting for potential dietary confounding factors such as fiber consumption, the intake of very long chain omega-3 fatty acids and adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Conclusions. A higher UPF consumption is positively associated with incident AO in older adults in Spain. These findings extend the current evidence of the detrimental effect of UPF consumption on cardiometabolic health.
Cell injury and meat duality of pig in the time period post mortem from two genotypes susceptible or resistant to malignant hyperthermia; Muscles of pigs with mutated calcium release channels show increased metabolic activities, and ultimately inferior meat quality results. Different cellular changes in the time period post mortem (PM) are reported by investigating longissimus samples obtained immediately after death (0 h), 45 min PM, 4 h PM, and 22 h PM. The meat quality of such malignant hyperthermia susceptible (MHS) pigs was inferior to that of malignant hyperthermia resistant (MHR) pigs. Histological analysis of muscle fibres showed an enhanced rate and extent of the development of extracellular spaces in MHS muscle compared to MHR muscle in the time period PM. The permeability of crude sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) to Ca2+ increased at a higher rate in MHS than in MHR muscle. Total muscle phospholipids contained a higher concentration of long chain n-3 fatty acids in MHS compared with MHR animals immediately after slaughter. The MHS homogenate lipids were more susceptible to stimulated peroxidation by Fe2+/ascorbate in samples obtained 45 min PM and 4 h PM, but there were no differences between the two genotypes for 0 h PM and 22 h PM samples, suggesting a retarded consumption of antioxidants in MHR compared to MHS muscle. The results suggest that in addition to the well-known denaturation of proteins, altered biochemical processes in muscle cells of stress-susceptible pigs cause injury to cell membranes as well as to SR membranes early in the time period PM.
Postprandial hyperlipidemia as a risk factor in patients with type 2 diabetes; Introduction: Postprandial hyperlipidemia is a common feature of the atherogenic dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes. Quantification of this with oral fat tolerance tests is not used routinely in clinical practice and abnormal postprandial lipids are usually inferred from non-fasting plasma triglyceride levels. Identifying excessive postprandial hyperlipidemia may help to refine cardiovascular risk assessment but there are no treatments currently available which selectively target postprandial lipids and no large cardiovascular outcome trials using this as the entry criterion. Areas covered: In this review of relevant published material, we summarize the findings from the most important publications in this area. Expert opinion: Postprandial hyperlipidemia appears to contribute to the cardiovascular risk in patients with diabetes. Non-fasting triglyceride levels provide a surrogate marker of postprandial hyperlipidemia but more specific markers such as apoB48 levels may prove to be more reliable. Omega-3 fatty acids, fibrates and ezetimibe can reduce postprandial lipids but may not correct them completely. Several novel treatments have been developed to target hypertriglyceridemia and some of these may be particularly effective in improving postprandial levels. Further clinical trials are needed to establish the role of postprandial lipids in assessment of cardiovascular risk and to identify the most effective treatments.
<i>Hermetia illucens</i> larvae reared on different substrates in broiler quail diets: effect on apparent digestibility, feed-choice and growth performance; This research is aimed at improving the fatty acid profile of Hermetia illucens larvae and evaluating the effect of its inclusion on the apparent nutrient digestibility, feed choice, growth performance and slaughter traits of growing broiler quails (Coturnix coturnix japonica). H. illucens larvae (IM) were reared on two different substrates: layer mash (IM1) and 50:50 layer mash: fish offal (IM2). For the digestibility and feed choice trials, a total of sixty 16-day-old quails were assigned to three dietary groups: commercial diet (Control=C), a diet including 10% IM1 (IM1D), and a diet including 10% IM2 (IM2D). For the growth performance trial, a total of three hundred 10-day-old birds were allocated to the three dietary groups and fed the experimental diets until slaughter. Results of the digestibility trial showed a higher apparent metabolisable energy for larvae fed quail (14.0 and 13.9 MJ/kg DM vs 12.9 MJ/kg DM, (P<0.001). The IM2D quails also showed higher apparent digestibility for dry matter and organic matter. Feed choice results indicated that quails preferred the C diet compared to diets including H. illucens dried larvae. Productive performance, mortality and carcass traits were in line with commercial standards except for the IM2 quails which exhibited lower slaughter weight compared to C and IM1 fed quails. Based on the results of the present study, a 10% dietary inclusion of H. illucens larvae reared on a substrate rich in n-3 fatty acids did not negatively affect the apparent digestibility of nutrients, mortality, nor carcass yield. However, feed choice, growth rate and final carcass weight were negatively influenced by the IM2 diet. This result requires further investigations which should include the addition of an anti-oxidant.
Nutrient Profile of Small Indigenous Fish <i>Puntius sophore</i>: Proximate Composition, Amino Acid, Fatty Acid and Micronutrient Profiles; The small indigenous fishes (SIFs) are known to be micronutrient rich and they are also cheap sources of quality animal proteins. The genus Puntius comprises of about 134 very beautiful species, out of which Puntius sophore is an important species. Although certain aspects of nutrient composition of some members of this genus are available in literature, comprehensive nutrient profile is not available. In the present study, we report the nutrient profile of P. sophore, collected from ponds and wetlands in and around Kolkata, West Bengal. The proximate composition analysis showed that the fish is rich in proteins and minerals. The amino acid profiles showed that the level of essential amino acid histidine (22.94 +/- A 0.01 %) is very high among all the amino acids. Although this fish contains low amount of fat (5 %), the fatty acid profile showed that the fish is rich in unsaturated fatty acid out of which oleic acid (28.63 +/- A 0.02 %) is the most abundant one and a fair amount of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are also present. The mineral profiles showed that among the macro minerals, calcium is the most abundant one (9,748.2 +/- A 23.96 mg kg(-1)), followed by potassium (2,283.7 +/- A 12.75 mg kg(-1)) and sodium (1,610 +/- A 22.34 mg kg(-1)). It was also found that P. sophore is a rich source of micro minerals Fe (115.0 +/- A 8.81 mg kg(-1)), Zn (51.1 +/- A 10.15 mg kg(-1)) and Mn (11.2 +/- A 2.09 mg kg(-1)). Vitamin profiles showed that it is rich in all the fat soluble vitamins (A, D, E and K) and out of these vitamin E (30,685.8 mu g kg(-1)) is the most abundant one.
Diet and dyslipidemia in diabetes; Dyslipidemia in diabetes is characterized by low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, high triglyceride levels and higher concentrations of atherogenic lipoprotein molecules. Various interventions are of importance in the nutritional therapy of dyslipidemia. An increased intake of unsaturated fatty acids from vegetable oils at the expense of saturated fatty acids lowers low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Trans-fatty acids (food sources: fat spreads and foods with partially hydrogenated fat, fried foods, fat-rich baked goods and sweets) cause an even more detrimental lipoprotein profile compared to saturated fatty acids and their intake should be limited. Significant reductions of LDL cholesterol are also achievable by fiber-rich foods and foods enriched with plant sterols and stanols. A reduction of body weight, an increase in physical activity and a limitation of alcohol consumption to moderate amounts are effective interventions to control triglyceride and HDL cholesterol levels. Triglycerides can also be reduced by supplementation with long-chain omega 3 fatty acids (fish oil). Higher proportions of dietary carbohydrates cause higher triglyceride levels, therefore, moderation of carbohydrates in favor of unsaturated fatty acids can be an effective dietary strategy and the major focus is to limit the consumption of foods and beverages with added saccharose or fructose.
Evaluation of copper, lead and arsenic level in tilapia fish in Cempaka Lake (Bangi, Malaysia) and human daily/weekly intake; In recent years, many studies have stated the nutritional benefits of fish consumption: vitamins, proteins and omega-3 fatty acids, which may protect humans from adverse health effects, including heart disease and stroke. This study aimed to evaluate the concentration of Cu, Pb and As in the liver, gills and muscles of tilapia fish (Oreochromis niloticus) and to calculate the weekly intake from eating tilapia collected from Cempaka Lake, Selangor - Peninsular Malaysia during the period between April 2009 to February 2010. The elemental concentrations were determined using inductively - coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). The results showed that all heavy metal concentrations were significantly different among fish organs, and between calendar months. The data showed that Cu levels in liver, gills and muscles were 491.30, 3.70 and 1.82 mu g/g dry weight (dw), respectively. Meanwhile Pb levels were 2.71, 1.04 and 0.48 mu g/g dw, respectively and As levels were 6.26, 4.18 and 1.79 mu g/g dw, respectively. Significant changes occurred in Cu, Pb and As levels in tilapia fish organs in Cempaka Lake over the period of 11 months. Tilapia weekly intake was calculated based on mean Cu, Pb and As concentrations in the muscle of tilapia fish and adult consumption of tilapia in Malaysia which averages at 160 grams per day. Furthermore, tilapia weekly and daily human intakes for Cu, Pb and As were compared with the Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) established by the JECFA (WHO/FAO) presenting values below the PTWI. Metal levels in fish muscle were found to be lower than the maximum permitted concentrations recommended by various authorities; hence, consumption of tilapia fish from Cempaka Lake is currently safe for humans.
A defect Δ<SUP>6</SUP> and Δ<SUP>5</SUP> desaturases may be a factor in the initiation and progression of insulin resistance, the metabolic syndrome and ischemic heart disease in South Asians; The high incidence of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in South Asians remains unexplained. I propose that a defect in the activity of Delta(6) and Delta(5) desaturases and consequent low plasma and tissue concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids such as gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and formation of their anti-inflammatory products prostaglandin E-1 (PGE(1)), prostacyclin (PGI(2)), PGI(3), lipoxins, resolvins, protectins, maresins and nitrolipids could be responsible for the high incidence of insulin resistance, the metabolic syndrome and ischemic heart disease (IHD) in South Asians. This proposal is supported by the observation that South Asian Indians have lower plasma and tissue concentrations of GLA, DGLA, AA, EPA and DHA, the precursors of PGE(1), PGI(2), PGI(3), lipoxins, resolvins, protectins, and nitrolipids, the endogenous molecules that prevent platelet aggregation, vasoconstriction, thrombus formation, leukocyte activation and possess anti-inflammatory action and thus, are capable of preventing the development of insulin resistance, atherosclerosis, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and premature ischemic heart disease. Genetic predisposition, high carbohydrate intake, lack of exercise, tobacco use and low birth weight due to maternal malnutrition suppress the activity of Delta(6) and Delta(5) desaturases that leads to low plasma and tissue concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids and their products. This implies that adequate provision of polyunsaturated fatty acids and co-factors needed for their metabolism, and efforts to enhance the formation of their beneficial metabolites PGE(1), PGI(2), PGI(3), lipoxins, resolvins, protectins, maresins and nitrolipids could form a novel approach in the prevention and management of these diseases in this high-risk population.
Rice peroxygenase catalyzes lipoxygenase-dependent regiospecific epoxidation of lipid peroxides in the response to abiotic stressors; The peroxygenase pathway plays pivotal roles in plant responses to oxidative stress and other environmental stressors. Analysis of a network of co-expressed stress-regulated rice genes demonstrated that expression of OsPXG9 is negatively correlated with expression of genes involved in jasmonic acid biosynthesis. DNA sequence analysis and structure/function studies reveal that OsPXG9 is a caleosin-like peroxygenase with amphipathic alpha-helices that localizes to lipid droplets in rice cells. Enzymatic studies demonstrate that 12-epoxidation is slightly more favorable with 9(S)-hydroperoxyoctadecatrienoic acid than with 9(S)-hydroperoxyoctadecadienoic acid as substrate. The products of 12-epoxidation are labile, and the epoxide ring is hydrolytically cleaved into corresponding trihydroxy compounds. On the other hand, OsPXG9 catalyzed 15-epoxidation of 13(S)-hydroperoxyoctadecatrienoic acid generates a relatively stable epoxide product. Therefore, the regiospecific 12- or 15epoxidation catalyzed by OsPXG9 strongly depends on activation of the 9- or 13- peroxygenase reaction pathways, with their respective preferred substrates. The relative abundance of products in the 9-PXG and 13-PXG pathways suggest that the 12-epoxidation involves intramolecular oxygen transfer while the 15-epoxidation can proceed via intramolecular or intermolecular oxygen transfer. Expression of OsPXG9 is up-regulated by abiotic stimuli such as drought and salt stress, but it is down-regulated by biotic stimuli such as flagellin 22 and salicylic acid. The results suggest that the primary function of OsPXG9 is to modulate the level of lipid peroxides to facilitate effective defense responses to abiotic and biotic stressors.
Fatty acid composition and degradation level of the oils used in canned fish as a function of the different types of fish; An experimental investigation was carried out to assess the fatty acid composition and the degradation level of the covering oil present in canned fish. The most commonly marketed canned fish types were considered (tuna, sardines, anchovies, mackerels), as well as different kinds of covering oil: extra virgin olive oil, olive oil, refined seed oil. A total of 68 samples were analyzed. Two-way analysis of variance, followed by Fisher's Least Significant Difference test for multiple comparisons, and principal component analysis were carried out to compare the effect of both type of oil used and kind of fish on oil quality. The obtained results showed the lowest extent of both hydrolytic and oxidative degradation in samples containing extra virgin olive oil. In particular, the contents of triacylglycerol oligopolymers, imputable to secondary oxidative degradation, were equal to 0.17%, 0.50% and 0.74% for extra virgin olive oil, olive oil and refined seed oil, respectively. Olive oil showed significantly higher hydrolytic degradation, with diacylglycerols equal to 3.37%, but lower oxidative degradation and trans isomers content than refined seed oil. Finally, the type of fish did not seem to influence the extent of oxidative and hydrolytic degradation, with the only exception of sardines' covering oil. This oil, characterized by the highest polyunsaturated fatty acid content, showed the highest values of oxidized triacylglycerols (1.32%) and specific absorption at 232 (K-232, 4.030), indices of primary oxidative degradation. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid accumulation in thraustochytrids: search for the rationale; Thraustochytrid protists characteristically accumulate high amounts of lipids, much of which is comprised of the polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Since DHA is important in human health, thraustochytrids have attracted much attention from the point of view of biotechnology. However, the biological rationale of DHA production in the storage lipids of these organisms is not clear. We carried out three experiments to study this. (1) The fate of lipids in thraustochytrids during development was studied by staining lipids of vegetative cells with the fluorescent vital stain for lipids, namely Nile blue, following the growth of the cells. The fluorescent lipid bodies decreased in abundance in freshly formed motile limaciform amoeboid cells and subsequently disappeared when they moved away. When vegetative cells produced vast extensions of plasma membrane, the ectoplasmic net elements (EN), the fluorescent lipids appeared to be transported to them. (2) Changes in lipids and DHA during starvation were examined in cells with enhanced lipid and DHA contents and those in which they were not enhanced. Cells in which lipids and DHA were enhanced by refrigerating them for 48 h survived starvation for a longer period. Compared to cells that had not been refrigerated, total fatty acids, as well as DHA were marginally higher in pre-refrigerated cells, while palmitic acid levels were lower. Starvation of cells resulted in a gradual decrease of absolute concentrations and percentage levels of DHA after 8 days, while percentage of palmitic acid levels increased. (3) The relationship between DHA and specific gravity of cells was studied by comparing cells pre-refrigerated as above with those which were not pre-refrigerated. Refrigerated cells with increased lipids and DHA showed higher specific gravities than non-refrigerated cells. We suggest the following roles for storage lipids and DHA in thraustochytrids: (1) lipids serve as energy sources during movement of cells and for production of EN; (2) DHA in storage lipids become distributed in the plasma membrane when EN are formed; (3) DHA is preferably utilized as a fatty acid energy reserve during starvation and (4) an unknown mechanism results in negative buoyancy of cells when total lipids and DHA are marginally enhanced. DHA in storage lipids might be crucial to the survival of thraustochytrid cells.
Cold-pressed minke whale oil reduces circulating LDL/VLDL-cholesterol, lipid oxidation and atherogenesis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed a Western-type diet for 13 weeks; Background: Long-chain n3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n3-PUFA) are well known for their anti-inflammatory activity and their impact on cardiovascular disease. Cold-pressed whale oil (CWO) has half the amount of LC n3-PUFA compared to cod liver oil (CLO). Still, there has been observed more pronounced beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease markers from intake of CWO compared to intake of CLO in human intervention studies. Extracts from CWO deprived of fatty acids have also been shown to display antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects in vitro. The aim of this study was to investigate whether intake of a high-fat Western-type diet (WD) supplemented with CWO would prevent the development of atherosclerotic lesions in apolipoprotein E-deficient (ApoE(-/-)) mice.
Endothelial Glycocalyx Preservation-Impact of Nutrition and Lifestyle; The endothelial glycocalyx (eGC) is a dynamic hair-like layer expressed on the apical surface of endothelial cells throughout the vascular system. This layer serves as an endothelial cell gatekeeper by controlling the permeability and adhesion properties of endothelial cells, as well as by controlling vascular resistance through the mediation of vasodilation. Pathogenic destruction of the eGC could be linked to impaired vascular function, as well as several acute and chronic cardiovascular conditions. Defining the precise functions and mechanisms of the eGC is perhaps the limiting factor of the missing link in finding novel treatments for lifestyle-related diseases such as atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. However, the relationship between diet, lifestyle, and the preservation of the eGC is an unexplored territory. This article provides an overview of the eGC's importance for health and disease and describes perspectives of nutritional therapy for the prevention of the eGC's pathogenic destruction. It is concluded that vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation, as well as healthy dietary patterns such as the Mediterranean diet and the time management of eating, might show promise for preserving eGC health and, thus, the health of the cardiovascular system.
Chemical and Physical Properties of African Catfish (Clarias gariepinus) Fillet Following Prolonged Feeding with Insect Meal-Based Diets; 25-week experiment was undertaken to explore the effect of partial replacement of dietary fishmeal (FM) with black soldier fly meal (Hermetia illucens) (BS), mealworm meal (Tenebrio molitor) (MW), and a 1 : 1 mixture of both insect meals (BSMW) on fillet quality in African catfish (Clarias gariepinus). A total of 96 fish with an average initial body weight of 248 +/- 28 g were stocked into a recirculating aquaculture system and fed in four different dietary groups (control, BS, MW, and BSMW). No mortality was recorded in any of the groups. At the end of the feeding period, 24 fish (n= 6 for each treatment, weight between 690 and 822 g) were used for analysis. There was no alteration in filleting yield or other slaughter indices within experimental groups, except the hepatosomatic index. Among quality attributes, pH 24 hr postmortem exhibited a significant difference (p<0:05). In respect of the fatty acid profile, the n-6/n-3 ratio ranged between 1.17 and 1.40 but was not significantly modified by the partial replacement of FM. Similarly, the proximate composition of the fillets was not significantly different between the control and experimental diet groups. The ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acid to saturated fatty acids ranged between 0.67 and 0.79 in the fillets, without significant differences between groups. The atherogenic index was increased in the BS group, as compared to the others; however, the thrombogenicity index of fillets was not significantly affected. Similarly, the conventional quality traits of the fillet, such as cooking, drip, and thawing losses, did not differ within treatments. This study demonstrates that the dietary inclusion of black soldier fly and/or mealworm meals used for African catfish at the tested inclusion level has negligible impact on fillet properties.
Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is inversely associated with CRP levels, especially among male smokers; Objective: To examine whether dietary intake of n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3PUFA) is associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels with regard to smoking status in the Japanese general Population in a cross-sectional study.
Dietary patterns and quality in West-African immigrants in Madrid; Background: Eating patterns of immigrants deserve to be better documented because they may reflect the extent of acculturation and associated health risks. The study assessed dietary patterns and quality in Bubi immigrants (from Equatorial Guinea) using cluster analysis and comparing different diet quality indexes.
Effect of weight loss and lifestyle changes on vascular inflammatory markers in obese women - A randomized trial; Context Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, which may be mediated by increased secretion of proinflammatory cytokines by adipose tissue.
<i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> fatty acid alpha-dioxygenase-1:: evaluation of substrates, inhibitors and amino-terminal function; Plant alpha dioxygenases (PADOX) convert fatty acids to 2-hydroperoxy products that are important in plant signaling pathways. The PADOX amino-terminal domain is distinct from that in other myeloperoxidase-family hemoproteins, and the positional specificity and prosthetic group of PADOX distinguish them from the non-heme iron plant lipoxygenases. The constraints of the PADOX active site on potential substrates are poorly understood and only limited structure-function and mechanistic information is available for these enzymes. We developed several bacterial and insect cell systems for expression of recombinant Arabidopsis thaliana PADOX1 and evaluated the enzyme's substrate and inhibitor profiles and explored the functional role of the amino-terminal domain. Substrate specificity studies gave the following relative oxygenase activity values: linolenate, 1.00; linoleate, 0.95; oleate, 0.84; palmitoleate, 0.69; myristate, 0.23; palmitate, 0.17; and gamma-linolenate, 0.16. Methyl esters of myristate, linoleate and linolenate were not oxygenated. 3-Thiamyristate was the only oxygenase substrate that produced pronounced enzyme self-inactivation during catalysis. 3,4-Dehydromyristate inactivated the oxygenase without appreciable oxygen consumption. Several compounds inhibited oxygenase activity, including catechol (K-i similar to 90 mu M), divalent zinc ion (K-i similar to 50 mu M), N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-p-phenylenediamine (K-i similar to 20 mu M) and cyanide ion (K-i similar to 5 mu M). Zinc ion did not change the Km values for linoleate or oxygen, or the Ki value for cyanide, indicating that zinc acts at a distinct site from the other compounds. Gel-filtration chromatography revealed considerable variation in oligomeric state of recombinant PADOX1 produced in the various expression systems, but oligomeric state was not correlated with activity. Deletion of the first eight or fourteen PADOX1 residues in a NuSA-PADOX1 fusion protein led to 13 and 83% decreases in activity, respectively, indicating the N-terminal region is important for normal catalytic activity. (c) 2006 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
USE OF FUNCTIONAL FOODS AND ORAL SUPPLEMENTS AS ADJUVANTS IN CANCER TREATMENT; In cancer patients treated with radiotherapy to the abdominopelvic region, dietary modifications and the use of functional foods (fortified food with added ingredients to provide specific health improving benefits, such as antioxidants, omega-3 fatty acids, and glutamine), may contribute to the improvement of the toxic effects of treatment, including nausea, diarrhea, and constipation, among others. With the aim of analyzing which coadjuvant foods benefit these patients, scientific evidence was gathered by a group of experts. For these patients, the authors recommend a diet that includes sufficient foods rich in antioxidants and polyphenols instead of supplements. Docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids have proven useful for the management of anorexia/cachexia in pancreatic cancer patients. Probiotics composed of Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacterium spp. are regarded as safe even in patients with neutropenia and have been proven to decrease gastrointestinal symptoms. Several factors should be considered before probiotic supplementation, these include the stage of the disease, radiation dose, and symptomatology of each patient. There is no demonstrated clear benefit to the use of glutamine, so it is not recommended due to its high cost.
Evaluating and treating cardiometabolic risk factors: A case discussion; Reducing the risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) requires a comprehensive assessment of cardiometabolic risk factors along with the initiation of nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapies to mitigate these risk factors. A case study is presented to illustrate the approach to evaluating a patient and selecting among available and emerging therapeutic modalities to reduce CHD risk.
Effect of the double bond conjugation on the vascular physiology and nitric oxide production of isomers of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids prepared from shark oil; A collection of evidence suggests that conjugation of double bonds of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), increases their anticarcinogenic activity; however, the effect of such conjugation on vascular tone activity remains unknown. We propose that the mixture of conjugated PUFAs exerts higher vasorelaxation activity than the corresponding mixture of nonconjugated PUFAs. The vascular response to different concentrations of conjugated and nonconjugated isomers of EPA and DHA, among other fatty acids (FAs) naturally present in shark oil, and the role of nitric oxide (NO) as a vasorelaxant agent were investigated. Both conjugated EPA (CEPA) and conjugated DHA (CDHA) were prepared by alkaline isomerization of all PUFAs contained in shark oil. Different concentrations of conjugated and nonconjugated PUFAs were placed in contact with precontracted aortic rings of Wistar rats to assess their effect on vascular tone. All tested samples exerted a vasorelaxant effect. Compared to nonconjugated PUFAs, conjugated isomers exhibited an increase in the dilatation of the aortic rings (P < 0.001) in a dose-dependent manner (P < 0.001). In addition, nonconjugated PUFAs produced nitric oxide (NO) in a dose-dependent manner, while conjugated PUFAs did not, suggesting that their dilatation mechanism is not totally dependent on NO.
A variant near <i>DHCR24</i> associates with microstructural properties of white matter and peripheral lipid metabolism in adolescents; Visceral adiposity has been associated with altered microstructural properties of white matter in adolescents. Previous evidence suggests that circulating phospholipid PC(16:0/2:0) may mediate this association. To investigate the underlying biology, we performed a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of the shared variance of visceral fat, PC(16:0/2:0), and white matter microstructure in 872 adolescents from the Saguenay Youth Study. We further studied the metabolomic profile of the GWAS-lead variant in 931 adolescents. Visceral fat and white matter microstructure were assessed with magnetic resonance imaging. Circulating metabolites were quantified with serum lipidomics and metabolomics. We identified a genome-wide significant association near DHCR24 (Seladin-1) encoding a cholesterol-synthesizing enzyme (rs588709, p = 3.6 x 10(-8)); rs588709 was also associated nominally with each of the three traits (white matter microstructure: p = 2.1 x 10(-6), PC(16:0/2:0): p = 0.005, visceral fat: p = 0.010). We found that the metabolic profile associated with rs588709 resembled that of a TM6SF2 variant impacting very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) secretion and was only partially similar to that of a HMGCR variant. This suggests that the effect of rs588709 on VLDL lipids may arise due to altered phospholipid rather than cholesterol metabolism. The rs588709 was also nominally associated with circulating concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids in interaction with visceral fat and PC(16:0/2:0), and these fatty acid measures showed robust associations with white matter microstructure. Overall, the present study provides evidence that the DHCR24 locus may link peripheral metabolism to brain microstructure, an association with implications for cognitive impairment.
Current perspectives on the management of hypertriglyceridemia; Background observational studies have demonstrated that triglycerides are an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease. Atherothrombosis may be mediated by uptake and incorporation of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins by macrophages and through an association with small, dense LDL and HDL particles. There are considerable data that lowering LDL cholesterol reduces cardiovascular events. However, the importance of triglyceride lowering remains elusive.
Unsaturated Fatty Acids Supplementation Reduces Blood Lead Level in Rats; Some dietary factors could inhibit lead toxicity. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary compounds rich in unsaturated fatty acids (FA) on blood lead level, lipid metabolism, and vascular reactivity in rats. Serum metallothionein and organs' lead level were evaluated with the aim of assessing the possible mechanism of unsaturated FA impact on blood lead level. For three months, male Wistar rats that were receiving drinking water with (100 ppm Pb) or without lead acetate were supplemented per os daily with virgin olive oil or linseed oil (0.2 mL/kg b.w.) or egg derived lecithin fraction: "super lecithin" (50 g/kg b.w.). Mesenteric artery was stimulated ex vivo by norepinephrine (NE) administered at six different doses. Lecithin supplementation slightly reduced pressor responses of artery to NE. Lead administered to rats attenuated the beneficial effect of unsaturated FA on lipid metabolism and vascular reactivity to adrenergic stimulation. On the other hand, the super lecithin and linseed oil that were characterized by low omega-6 to omega-3 ratio (about 1) reduced the blood lead concentration. This effect was observed in lead poisoned rats (P < 0.0001) and also in rats nonpoisoned with lead (P < 0.05).
The Transgenic Overexpression of α-Synuclein and Not Its Related Pathology Associates with Complex I Inhibition; alpha-Synuclein (alpha S) is a protein involved in the cytopathology and genetics of Parkinson disease and is thought to affect mitochondrial complex I activity. Previous studies have shown that mitochondrial toxins and specifically inhibitors of complex I activity enhance alpha S pathogenesis. Here we show that alpha S overexpression specifically inhibits complex I activity in dopaminergic cells and in A53T alpha S transgenic mouse brains. Importantly, our results indicate that the inhibitory effect on complex I activity is not associated with alpha S-related pathology. Specifically, complex I activity measured in purified mitochondria from A53T alpha S transgenic mouse brains was not affected by mouse age; Parkinson disease-like symptoms; levels of alpha S soluble oligomers; levels of insoluble, lipid-associated alpha S; or alpha S intraneuronal depositions in vivo. Likewise, no correlation was found between complex I activity and polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced alpha S depositions in Lewy body-like inclusions in cultured dopaminergic cells. We further show that the effect of alpha S on complex I activity is not due to altered mitochondrial protein levels or affected complex I assembly. Based on the results herein, we suggest that alpha S expression negatively regulates complex I activity as part of its normal, physiological role.
Dark stress for improved lipid quantity and quality in bioprospected acid-tolerant green microalgae; The cost of microalgae cultivation is one of the largest limitations to achieving sustainable, large-scale microalgae production of commercially desirable lipids. Utilizing CO2 as a 'free' carbon source from waste industrial flue gas emissions can offer wide-ranging cost savings. However, these gas streams typically create acidic environments, in which most microalgae cannot survive due to the concentration of CO2 and the presence of other acidic gasses such as NO2 and SO2. To address this situation, we investigated growth of a mixed acid-tolerant green microalgal culture (91% dominated by a single Coccomyxa sp. taxon) bioprospected at pH 2.8 from an acid mine drainage impacted water body. The culture was grown at pH 2.5 and fed with a simulated flue gas containing 6% CO2 and 94% N-2. On reaching the end of the exponential growth phase, the culture was exposed to either continued light-dark cycle conditions or continual dark conditions. After three days in the dark, the biomass consisted of 28% of lipids, which was 42% higher than at the end of the exponential phase and 55% higher than the maximum lipid content achieved under light/dark conditions. The stress caused by being continually in the dark also favoured the production of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; 19.47% and 21.04%, respectively, after 7 days) compared to 7-days of light-dark treatment (1.94% and 9.53%, respectively) and showed an increase in nitrogen content (C:N ratio of 6.4) compared to light-dark treatment (C:N ratio of 11.9). The results of the research indicate that use of acid tolerant microalgae overcomes issues using flue gasses that will create an acidic environment and that applying dark stress is a low-cost stressor stimulates production of desirable dietary lipids.
Contribution of postprandial lipemia to the dietary fat-mediated changes in endogenous lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations in humans; Background: Dietary fats alter LDL and HDL cholesterol while serving as precursors of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins (TRLs).
Association of maternal weight with <i>FADS</i> and <i>ELOVL</i> genetic variants and fatty acid levels-The PREOBE follow-up; Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the genes encoding the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) and elongase (ELOVL) enzymes affect long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) production. We aimed to determine if these SNPs are associated with body mass index (BMI) or affect fatty acids (FAs) in pregnant women. Participants (n = 180) from the PREOBE cohort were grouped according to pre-pregnancy BMI: normal-weight (BMI = 18.5-24.9, n = 88) and overweight/obese (BMI >= 25, n = 92). Plasma samples were analyzed at 24 weeks of gestation to measure FA levels in the phospholipid fraction. Selected SNPs were genotyped (7 in FADS1, 5 in FADS2, 3 in ELOVL2 and 2 in ELOVL5). Minor allele carriers of rs174545, rs174546, rs174548 and rs174553 (FADS1), and rs1535 and rs174583 (FADS2) were nominally associated with an increased risk of having a BMI >= 25. Only for the normal-weight group, minor allele carriers of rs174537, rs174545, rs174546, and rs174553 (FADS1) were negatively associated with AA: DGLA index. Normal-weight women who were minor allele carriers of FADS SNPs had lower levels of AA, AA: DGLA and AA: LA indexes, and higher levels of DGLA, compared to major homozygotes. Among minor allele carriers of FADS2 and ELOVL2 SNPs, overweight/obese women showed higher DHA: EPA index than the normal-weight group; however, they did not present higher DHA concentrations than the normal-weight women. In conclusion, minor allele carriers of FADS SNPs have an increased risk of obesity. Maternal weight changes the effect of genotype on FA levels. Only in the normal-weight group, minor allele carriers of FADS SNPs displayed reduced enzymatic activity and FA levels. This suggests that women with a BMI >= 25 are less affected by FADS genetic variants in this regard. In the presence of FADS2 and ELOVL2 SNPs, overweight/obese women showed higher n-3 LC-PUFA production indexes than women with normal weight, but this was not enough to obtain a higher n-3 LC-PUFA concentration.
Toxicology and safety of DHA; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid with activities in both infants and adults. The objective of the current work was to evaluate the published literature concerning the toxicological assessment of DHA-rich oils in animals and the safety profile of DHA consumption in humans. Structured literature searches concerning DHA toxicology and DHA effects on platelet function, lipid levels, oxidative potential, glycemic control, and immune function were conducted. The toxicological profile of DHA derived from single-cell organisms demonstrates that these oils are safe in rats (up to a consumption level of 3290 mg/kg body weight/d) in 90-d toxicology evaluations, as well as in reproductive and developmental toxicology studies. The maximum DHA level in human breast milk exceeds 1% of total fatty acids in high-fish-consuming populations. Consumption of DHA-rich human milk as sole source of nutrition provides approximately 315 mg/d in infants 1-6 months of age, and appears to be a safe level of intake. DHA supplementation studies in adults have employed doses ranging from less than 1 to 7.5 g/d, and have not resulted in any consistent adverse responses in platelet function, lipid levels, in vivo oxidation parameters, glycemic control, or immune function. In conclusion, DHA consumption does not result in consistent adverse events in infants or adults. Safe intake levels may be modeled on DHA intake from human milk in infants, and may be at least as high as the upper doses studied in adults. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nrf2a dependent and independent effects of early life exposure to 3,3?-dichlorobiphenyl (PCB-11) in zebrafish (Danio rerio); The environmental pollutant 3,3???-dichlorobiphenyl (PCB-11) is a lower-chlorinated polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congener present in air and water samples. Both PCB-11 and its metabolite, 4-PCB-11-Sulfate, are detected in humans, including in pregnant women. Previous research in zebrafish (Danio rerio) has shown that 0.2 ??M exposures to 4-PCB-11-Sulfate starting at 1 day post fertilization (dpf) increase hepatic neutral lipid accumulation in larvae at 15 dpf. Here, we explored whether nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), known as the master-regulator of the adaptive response to oxidative stress, contributes to metabolic impacts of 4-PCB-11Sulfate. For this work, embryos were collected from homozygous wildtype or Nrf2a mutant adult zebrafish that also express GFP in pancreatic ??-cells, rendering Tg(ins:GFP,???nrf2afh318+/+) and Tg(ins:GFP,???nrf2afh318-/-) lines. Exposures were conducted from 1-15 dpf to either 0.05% DMSO or DMSO-matched 0.2 ??M 4-PCB-11-Sulfate, and at 15 dpf subsets of larvae were imaged for overall morphology, primary pancreatic islet area, and collected for fatty acid profiling and RNAseq. At 15 dpf, independent of genotype, fish exposed to 4-PCB-11-Sulfate survived significantly more at 80???85% compared to 65???73% survival for unexposed fish, and had primary pancreatic islets 8% larger compared to unexposed fish. Fish growth at 15 dpf was dependent on genotype, with Nrf2a mutant fish a significant 3???5% shorter than wildtype fish, and an interaction effect was observed where Nrf2a mutant fish exposed to 4-PCB-11-Sulfate experienced a significant 29% decrease in the omega-3 fatty acid DHA compared to unexposed mutant fish. RNAseq revealed 308 differentially expressed genes, most of which were dependent on genotype. These findings suggest that Nrf2a plays an important role in growth as well as for DHA production in the presence of 4-PCB-11-Sulfate. Further research would be beneficial to understand the importance of Nrf2a throughout the lifecourse, especially in the context of toxicant exposures.
Stressing Algae for Biofuel Production: Biomass and Biochemical Composition of <i>Scenedesmus dimorphus</i> and <i>Selenastrum minutum</i> Grown in Municipal Untreated Wastewater; Biofuel production using microalgae is a renewable and environmental-friendly alternative to the use of fossil fuels. Microalgae storage lipids are promising resources for biofuel production. In this study, pure strains of the microalgae Scenedesmus dimorphus and Selenastrum minutum were grown in untreated municipal wastewater for six days under mixotrophic conditions. The algae strains were subjected to different stresses such as nutrient deprivation, and 5% (w/v) salinity to trigger lipid production and to study effect on FAME composition. The highest lipid concentrations were found in S. dimorphus (35 and 34%) and in S. minutum (40 and 39%) under nutrient deprivation and 5% salinity, respectively. On the one hand, salt stress decreased biomass production; on the other hand in both S. dimorphus and S. minutum salt stress significantly increased the concentration of saturated fatty acid (SFA) and it decreased the concentration of poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) contents, which are desirable for the production of good quality biofuel such as biodiesel. Hence our findings show how salt stress could clearly affect FAME composition in short time 1-3 days, greatly improving the FAME quality as source of biofuel.
Identification of differentially expressed genes involved in amino acid and lipid accumulation of winter turnip rape (<i>Brassica rapa</i> L.) in response to cold stress; Winter turnip rape (Brassica rapa L.) is an important overwintering oil crop that is widely planted in northwestern China. It considered to be a good genetic resource for cold-tolerant research because its roots can survive harsh winter conditions. Here, we performed comparative transcriptomics analysis of the roots of two winter turnip rape varieties, Longyou7 (L7, strong cold tolerance) and Tianyou2 (T2, low cold tolerance), under normal condition (CK) and cold stress (CT) condition. A total of 8,366 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were detected between the two L7 root groups (L7CK_VS_L7CT), and 8,106 DEGs were detected for T2CK_VS_T2CT. Among the DEGs, two omega-3 fatty acid desaturase (FAD3), two delta-9 acyl-lipid desaturase 2 (ADS2), one diacylglycerol kinase (DGK), and one 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase 2 (KCS2) were differentially expressed in the two varieties and identified to be related to fatty acid synthesis. Four glutamine synthetase cytosolic isozymes (GLN), serine acetyltransferase 1 (SAT1), and serine acetyltransferase 3 (SAT3) were down-regulated under cold stress, while S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase proenzyme 1 (AMD1) had an up-regulation tendency in response to cold stress in the two samples. Moreover, the delta-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate synthase (P5CS), delta-ornithine aminotransferase (delta-OAT), alanine-glyoxylate transaminase (AGXT), branched-chain-amino-acid transaminase (ilvE), alpha-aminoadipic semialdehyde synthase (AASS), Tyrosine aminotransferase (TAT) and arginine decarboxylase related to amino acid metabolism were identified in two cultivars variously expressed under cold stress. The above DEGs related to amino acid metabolism were suspected to the reason for amino acids content change. The RNA-seq data were validated by real-time quantitative RT-PCR of 19 randomly selected genes. The findings of our study provide the gene expression profile between two varieties of winter turnip rape, which lay the foundation for a deeper understanding of the highly complex regulatory mechanisms in plants during cold treatment.
Effects of toxic and non-toxic cyanobacteria on the life history of tropical and temperate cladocerans; 1. This study compares the effects of four toxic strains of Microcystis aeruginosa on tropical and temperate Cladocera. Survival was tested in acute toxicity experiments using Microcystis alone or in mixtures with the edible green algae Ankistrodesmus falcatus. The effect of chronic exposure on population growth was estimated in life-table experiments by varying the proportion of Microcystis and the green alga. Nutritional deficiency was assessed using a non-toxic cyanobacterium in a zooplankton growth experiment. Feeding inhibition was tested using a C-14-labelled green alga as a tracer in mixtures with toxic Microcystis.
Diabetic dyslipidemia; Diabetic dyslipidemia is characterized by elevated fasting and postprandial triglycerides, low HDL-cholesterol, elevated LDL-cholesterol arid the predominance of small dense LDL particles. These lipid changes represent the major link between diabetes and the increased cardiovascular risk of diabetic patients. The underlying pathophysiology is only partially understood. Alterations of insulin sensitive pathways, increased concentrations of free fatty acids and low grade inflammation all play a role and result in an overproduction and decreased catabolism of triglyceride rich lipoproteins of intestinal and hepatic origin. The observed changes in HDL and LDL are mostly sequence to this. Lifestyle modification and glucose control may improve the lipid profile but statin therapy mediates the biggest benefit with respect to cardiovascular risk reduction. Therefore most diabetic patients should receive statin therapy. The role of other lipid lowering drugs, such as ezetimibe, fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, niacin and bile acid sequestrants is less well defined as they are characterized by largely negative outcome trials. This review examines the pathophysiology of diabetic dyslipidemia and its relationship to cardiovascular diseases. Management approaches will also be discussed. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS RAISE LOW-DENSITY LIPOPROTEINS, HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN-2, AND PLASMINOGEN-ACTIVATOR INHIBITOR IN HEALTHY-YOUNG MEN; The effects of a moderate supplementation in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were investigated in 36 young healthy adult males.  Factors investigated were lipoprotein (including HDL subfractions and apolipoproteins) and hemostasis indexes, assessed by platelet aggregation and plasminogen-activator-inhibitor (PAI) activity.  Fat-controlled diets were prescribed, one with and one without a fish-oil supplement (control diet), successively during 3 wk in random order.  Total calorie, fat, and cholesterol intakes were similar in the two diets.  Triglycerides in serum and very-low-density lipoproteins were lower and high-density-lipoprotein 2 cholesterol was higher with the n-3 PUFA-supplemented diet.  These effects as well as a significant decrease in platelet aggregation can be considered beneficial in terms of cardiovascular risk.  However, significant increases in low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and PAI activity occurred and were correlated.  This latter effect could be detrimental.
Nonenzymatic lipid mediators, neuroprostanes, exert the antiarrhythmic properties of docosahexaenoic acid; Neuroprostanes are lipid mediators produced by nonenzymatic free radical peroxidation of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). DHA is associated with a lower atherosclerosis risk, suggesting a beneficial role in cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of DHA peroxidation on its potentially antiarrhythmic properties (AAP) in isolated ventricular cardiomyocytes and in vivo in post-myocardial infarcted mice. Calcium imaging and biochemical experiments indicate that cardiac arrhythmias induced by isoproterenol are associated with Ca2+ leak from the sarcoplasmic reticulum after oxidation and phosphorylation of the type 2 ryanodine receptor (RyR2) leading to dissociation of the FKBP12.6/RyR2 complex. Both oxidized DNA and 4(RS)-4-F-4t-NeuroP prevented cellular arrhythmias and posttranslational modifications of the RyR2 leading to a stabilized FKBP12.6/RyR2 complex. DNA per se did not have AAP. The AAP of 4(RS)-4-F-4t-NeuroP was also observed in vivo. In this study, we challenged the paradigm that spontaneously formed oxygenated metabolites of lipids are undesirable as they are unconditionally toxic. This study reveals that the lipid mediator 4(RS)-4-F-4t-neuroprostane derived from nonenzymatic peroxidation of docosahexaenoic acid can counteract such deleterious effects through cardiac antiarrhythmic properties. Our findings demonstrate 4(RS)-4-F-4t-NeuroP as a mediator of the cardioprotective AAP of DHA. This discovery opens new perspectives for products of nonenzymatic oxidized omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as potent mediators in diseases that involve ryanodine complex destabilization such as ischemic events. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Oleic acid in Angus and Hanwoo (Korean native cattle) fat reduced the fatty acid synthase activity in rat adipose tissues; This study aimed to determine the blood lipid profiles, fatty acid composition, and lipogenic enzyme activities in rat adipose tissues as affected by the Angus beef fat (ABF) and Hanwoo beef fat (HBF) containing high oleic acid (OA) content. We assigned 60 Sprague Dawley rats with a mean bodyweight of 249 +/- 3.04 g to three groups (n = 20 each) to receive diets containing 7% coconut oil (CON), 7% ABF, or 7% HBF. The OA content was highest in the HBF (45.23%) followed by ABF (39.51%) and CON (6.10%). The final body weight of the HBF-fed group was significantly increased, probably due to increased feed intake, indicating the palatability of the diet. The HBF and ABF significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), decreased triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC) levels, and also tended to attenuate glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT) and glutamic pyruvic transaminase (GPT) levels in the bloodstream of the rats compared to CON. As compared to CON, lauric, myristic, and palmitic acids were significantly lower, and those of OA and a-linolenic acid (ALA) were significantly higher in the adipose tissues of HBF and ABF-fed groups. The HBF and ABF also reduced lipogenesis as induced by depleted fatty acid synthase (FAS) activity in rat adipose tissues. Nevertheless, between the two fats, HBF showed high feed intake due to its high palatability but reduced lipogenic enzyme activity, specifically that of FAS, and increased HDL-C, decreased TC and TG levels in the bloodstream, reduced saturated fatty acids (SFA), and increased oleic and ALA contents in rat adipose tissues indicating that HBF consumption does not pose significant risks of cardiovascular disease.
Modulation of atherogenic lipidome by cigarette smoke in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice; Objective: Although relationships between smoking and cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and between CVD and lipids are established, the direct impact of smoking on lipidomes is not well understood. We investigated the effect of mainstream cigarette smoke (CS) exposure on plasma, liver, and aorta molecular lipid profiles, and liver transcriptome in the ApoE(-/-) mouse, a well-established mouse model for human atherogenesis.
Lipid storage consumption and feeding ability of <i>Calanus glacialis</i> Jaschnov, 1955 males; Calanus is one of the best studied genera of Arctic zooplankton, but still we know very little about the males since they are short-lived and mainly present in winter. Their short life-span compared to females is assumed to be a combination of high mating activity, no feeding and consequential depletion of lipid stores. In this study we tested 1) if the life span of male Calanus glacialis is limited by their lipid storage reserves and 2) if males are capable of feeding and utilize food if present. We ran two separate experiments from January to March; one on starvation and one on feeding. In the 39-days long starvation experiment we followed the lipid sac size of individually incubated males until their time of death. On average the total lipid (11) content decreased by 2.6 to 4.5 mu g day(-1), but despite this males had substantial amounts of lipids left (131.4 mu g, SD 44.0) when they died. This strongly suggests that the depletion of lipid reserves is not the main reason for males' short life span which in this study was measured to be up to 73 days. In the feeding experiment, we fed both C. glacialis males and females ad libitum with C-13 labelled microalgae. Both males and females were capable of feeding and assimilate the diatom monoculture, but females responded faster to the sudden favourable food conditions, and produced more and larger fecal pellets than the males. Assimilation of C-13 labelled 20:5(n-3), an essential polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), from the diatom diet was traceable in both males and females on day 21, and then with a higher enrichment in females than males. Morphological investigations of the feeding appendages showed some differences between sexes, suggesting males to be more omnivorous than females. In conclusion, lipid storage depletion is not the cause of death for male C. glacialis, and males may even compensate for some of the mating energy costs by feeding. In future, we recommend further studies on the role of essential fatty acids (FA) for sperm formation and aging as determining factors for males' relatively short life span.
Postnatal polyunsaturated fatty acids associated with larger preterm brain tissue volumes and better outcomes; BACKGROUND: Human studies investigating the link between postnatal polyunsaturated fatty acids and preterm brain growth are limited, despite emerging evidence of potential effects on outcomes.
PPARδ signaling mediates the cytotoxicity of DHA in H9c2 cells; Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n3, DHA) is an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) known to affect numerous biological functions. While DHA possesses many properties that impact cell survival such as suppressing cell growth and inducing apoptosis, the exact molecular and cellular mechanism(s) remain unknown. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) are a family of nuclear receptors that regulate many cell pathways including cell death. As DHA acts as a ligand to PPARs the aim of this study was to examine the involvement of PPAR delta in DHA-mediated cytotoxicity toward H9c2 cells. Treatment with DHA (100 mu M) resulted in a significant decline in cell viability, cellular metabolic activity and total antioxidant capacity coinciding with increased total proteasome activities and activity of released lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). No changes in reactive oxygen species (ROS) production or accumulation of lipid peroxidation products were observed but DHA promoted apoptotic cell death as detected by flow cytometry, increased caspase-3 activity and decreased phosphorylation of Akt. Importantly, DHA enhanced PPAR delta DNA binding activity in H9c2 cells strongly signifying that the cytotoxic effect of DHA might be mediated via PPAR delta signaling. Co-treatment with the selective PPAR delta antagonist GSK 3787 (1 mu M) abolished the cytotoxic effects of DHA in H9c2 cells. Cytotoxic effects of DHA were attenuated by co-treatment with myriocin, a selective inhibitor of serine palmitoyl transferase (SPT), preventing de novo ceramide biosynthesis. LC/MS analysis revealed that treatment with DHA resulted in the accumulation of ceramide, which was blocked by GSK 3787. Interestingly, inhibition of cytochrome P450 (CYP) oxidase with MS-PPOH (50 mu M) abolished DHA-mediated cytotoxicity suggesting downstream metabolites as the active mediators. We further demonstrate that CYP oxidase metabolites of DHA, methyl epoxy docosapentaenoate (EDP methyl esters, 1 mu M) (mix 1:1:1:1:1:1;4,5-, 7,8-, 10,11-,13,14-, 16,17-and 19,20-EDP methyl esters) and 19,20-EDP cause cytotoxicity via activation of PPARd signaling leading to increased levels of intracellular ceramide. These results illustrate novel pathways for DHA-induced cytotoxicity that suggest an important role for CYP-derived metabolites, EDPs. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Lipid nutritional quality of marine and freshwater bivalves and their aquaculture potential; Omega-3 Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA) are beneficial to human health. Since the industrial revolution, with the tremendous increase of human population, the supply of natural n-3 LC-PUFA is far lower than the nutritional need of n-3 LC-PUFA. Therefore, a new alternative source of natural n-3 LC-PUFA is urgently needed to reduce the supply and demand gap of n-3 LC-PUFA. Mollusks, mainly bivalves, are rich in n-3 LC-PUFA, but the information of bivalves' lipid profile is not well organized. Therefore, this study aims to analyze the published fatty acid profiles of bivalves and reveal the potential of bivalve aquaculture in meeting the nutritional needs of human for n-3 LC-PUFA. There are growing evidence show that the nutritional quality of bivalve lipid is not only species-specific, but also geographical specific. To date, bivalve aquaculture has not been evenly practiced across the globe. It can be seen that aquaculture is predominant in Asia, especially China. Unlike fish aquaculture, bivalve aquaculture does not rely on fishmeal and fish oil inputs, so it has better room for expansion. In order to unleash the full potential of bivalve aquaculture, there are some challenges need to be addressed, including recurrent mass mortalities of farmed bivalves, food safety and food security issues. The information of this article is very useful to provide an overview of lipid nutritional quality of bivalves, and reveal the potential of bivalve aquaculture in meeting the growing demand of human for n-3 LC-PUFA.
Chemical Composition of Lettuce (<i>Lactuca sativa</i>L.) Biofortified with Iodine by KIO<sub>3</sub>, 5-Iodo-, and 3.5-Diiodosalicylic Acid in a Hydroponic Cultivation; According to the recommendations of the World Health Organization (WHO), due to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, the daily consumption of table salt should be reduced. To avoid the health consequences of iodine deficiency, it is necessary to include alternative food sources of this trace element in the human diet. One of the most effective ways of improving nutrition is the biofortification of crops with minerals and vitamins. The purpose of this study was to determine the influence of iodine biofortification (potassium iodate/KIO3/, 5-iodosalicylic acid/5-ISA/and 3.5-diiodosalicylic acid/3.5-diISA/) on the chemical composition of lettuce (Lactuca sativaL.capitata) cv. 'Melodion'. Plants were cultivated in a hydroponic system NFT (Nutrient Film Technique). We compared the effect of iodine fertilization on the basic chemical composition, fatty acid profile, macro- and micronutrients, content of sugars, nitrogenous compounds, chlorides, and iodine compounds. The results obtained in this research indicate that the application of iodine compounds has an influence on changes of concentration of iodine and other compounds in the treated samples. In lettuce, the main fatty acid was linolenic acid; however, fertilization with iodine did not affect the fatty acid profile in plants, except for concentrations of myristic and arachidic acids. We also found that iodine fortification has positive effects on concentrations of some micro- and micronutrients. Moreover, the application of 3.5-diISA decreased the concentration of nitrates as compared to control and other treatments. Therefore, it may be postulated that the production of lettuce fortified with iodosalicylates is worthy of consideration due to the fact that it may be a good source of iodine and other compounds in the human diet.
Factorial study of the effects of atorvastatin and fish oil on dyslipidaemia in visceral obesity; Background Dyslipidaemia may account for increased risk of cardiovascular disease in central obesity. Pharmacotherapy is often indicated in these patients, but the optimal approach remains unclear. We investigated the effects of atorvastatin and fish oil on plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels, including remnant-like particle-cholesterol and apolipoprotein C-III, in dyslipidaemic men with visceral obesity.
Upregulation of lymphocyte apoptosis as a strategy for preventing and treating autoimmune disorders: a role for whole-food vegan diets, fish oil and dopamine agonists; Induced apoptosis of autoreactive T-lymphocyte precursors in the thymus is crucial for the prevention of autoimmune disorders. IGF-1 and prolactin, which are lymphocyte growth factors, may have the potential to suppress apoptosis in thymocytes and thus encourage autoimmunity; conversely, dietary fish oil rich in omega-3 fats appears to upregulate apoptosis in lymphocytes. Since whole-food vegan diets may downregulate systemic IGF-I activity, it is proposed that such a diet, in conjunction with fish oil supplementation and treatment with dopamine agonists capable of suppressing prolactin secretion, may have utility for treating and preventing autoimmune disorders. This prediction is consistent with the extreme rarity of autoimmune disorders among sub-Saharan black Africans as long as they followed their traditional quasi-vegan lifestyles, and with recent ecologic studies correlating risks for IDDM and for multiple sclerosis mortality with animal product and/or saturated fat consumption. Moreover, there is evidence that vegan or quasi-vegan diets are useful in the management of rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, and possibly SLE. The dopamine agonist bromocryptine exerts anti-inflammatory effects in rodent models of autoimmunity, and there is preliminary evidence that this drug may be clinically useful in several human autoimmune diseases; better tolerated D2-specific agonists such as cabergoline may prove to be more practical for use in therapy. The moderate clinical utility of supplemental fish oil in rheumatoid arthritis and certain other autoimmune disorders is documented, It is not unlikely that extra-thymic anti-inflammatory effects contribute importantly to the clinical utility of vegan diets, bromocryptine, and fish oil in autoimmunity. The favorable impact of low latitude or high altitude on autoimmune risk may be mediated by superior vitamin D status, which is associated with decreased secretion of parathyroid hormone; there are theoretical grounds for suspecting that parathyroid hormone may inhibit apoptosis in thymocytes. Androgens appear to up-regulate thymocyte apoptosis, may be largely responsible for the relative protection from autoimmunity enjoyed by men, and merit further evaluation for the management of autoimmunity in women. It will probably prove more practical to prevent autoimmune disorders than to reverse them once established; a whole-food vegan diet, coupled with fish oil and vitamin D supplemention, may represent a practical strategy for achieving this prevention, while concurrently lowering risk for many other life-threatening 'Western' diseases. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
INVERSE ASSOCIATION BETWEEN FISH INTAKE AND RISK OF GLUCOSE-INTOLERANCE IN NORMOGLYCEMIC ELDERLY MEN AND WOMEN; Objective: To examine the association of fish intake with the subsequent risk of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus (glucose intolerance). Research Design and Methods: In 1971, information about food intake was obtained by the cross-check dietary history method on 175 men and women aged 64-87 yr who were normoglycemic and free of clinical diabetes. During the follow-up period from 1972 to 1975, an oral glucose tolerance test was performed annually, and in 59 of 175 elderly people a diagnosis of glucose intolerance was made at least once. Results: In 1971, approximately 60% of the subjects usually ate fish, with a mean daily intake of 24.2 g. In fish eaters, the incidence of glucose intolerance was significantly lower compared with nonfish eaters (odds ratio [OR] 0.40, 95% confidence interval [Cl] 0.21-0.77). With logistic regression analysis, this inverse association could not be explained by taking into account age and sex or possible confounding baseline characteristics, such as the prevalence of myocardial infarction, body mass index, energy intake per kilogram body weight, or intake of carbohydrates (OR 0.47, 95% Cl 0.23-0.93). Baseline characteristics of the oral glucose tolerance test and serum triglyceride levels could also not account for this result. Conclusions: These results suggest that, in an elderly population, the habitual consumption of a small amount of fish may protect against the development of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus.
Fatty acid composition, growth and morphological deformities in juvenile cyprinid, <i>Scardinius erythrophthalmus</i> fed formulated diet supplemented with natural food; Response of a freshwater cyprinid fish Scardinius erythrophthalmus juveniles (initial age 195 days, initial weight 0.82+/-0.06 g) to supplementation of a formulated commercial dry diet with natural food was examined. A 90-day experiment at 25 degrees C consisted of two periods. During 60 days three feeding groups were studied: the group F received the dry diet Futura exclusively, the group FC was fed Futura supplemented with frozen larvae of Chironomidae, and the group C received exclusively chironomids. This was followed by a 30 days "recovery period" during which all fish received larval chironomids, only. No mortality occurred during the experiment. The poorest growth was found in the F group, in the supplemented group FC growth was intermediary, and the best growth took place in the C group. The highest condition coefficient was in the group F, the lowest one in the group C. In the group F incidence of spinal curvatures was the highest (77.8% on day 60), in the group FC it was intermediary (42.2%) while no body deformities were found in the group C. After a month exclusively on chironomids (day 90) percentage of deformed fish declined to 66.3 and 31.3, respectively, for the groups F and FC. The proportions of fatty acids in Futura were typical of a formulated diet based on n-3 rich oils: a high concentration of n-3 PUFA (26.9% of total fatty acids, predominantly docosahexaenoic acid DHA, C22:6n-3), and a low concentration of n-6 PUFA (4.9%). In contrast, chironomids contained only 5.9% n-3 PUFA, and a high concentration of n-6 PUFA (28.8%, mainly linoleic acid LA, C18:2n -6 and arachidonic acid AA, C20:4n-6), which compares well with natural food of freshwater fish. Fatty acid composition of fish whole body lipids reflected the fatty acid profiles of the respective diets, while chironomid supplementation to Futura resulted in intermediary values. Diet-induced change in the fatty acid profiles seems to be a relatively slow process. Supplementation of formulated dry diets deficient in n-6 fatty acids with natural invertebrate food could be regarded as a technique to mitigate body deformities in freshwater fish juveniles. We suggest that the diets manufactured for freshwater juveniles should resemble their natural invertebrate prey. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The Impact of Rheumatoid Arthritis on First Nations and How We Can Work With Communities to Prevent It; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is prevalent in many Indigenous North American First Nations (FN) and tends to be seropositive, familial, and disabling, as well as associated with highly unfavorable outcomes such as early mortality. The risk of developing RA is based on a perfect storm of gene -environment interactions underpinning this risk. The gene -environment interactions include a high frequency of shared epitope encoding HLA alleles, particularly HLA-DRB1*1402 , in the background population, and prevalent predisposing environmental factors such as smoking and periodontal disease. Together, these provide a compelling rationale for an RA prevention agenda in FN communities. Our research team has worked in partnership with several FN communities to prospectively follow the first -degree relatives of FN patients with RA, with the aim of better understanding the preclinical stages of RA in this population. We have focused on specific features of the anticitrullinated protein antibodies (ACPA) and other proteomic biomarkers as predictors of future development of RA. These studies have now led us to consider interventions having a favorable risk -benefit ratio if applied at a stage prior to a hypothetical "point of no return," when the autoimmunity potentially becomes irreversible. Based on a supportive mouse model and available human studies of curcumin, omega -3, and vitamin D supplements, we are undertaking studies where we screen communities using dried blood spot technology adapted for the detection of ACPA, and then enrolling ACPA-positive individuals in studies that use a combination of these supplements. These studies are guided by shared decision -making principles.
Nutritional modulation of cytokine biology; The pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidant molecules produced during the inflammatory response, which follows infection and injury, may be beneficial, or detrimental to the patient, depending on the amounts and contexts in which they are produced. Aberrant or excessive production has been implicated in inflammatory disease, and sepsis. The upregulation of cytokine production by NF kappa B and NFIL-6 activation by oxidants increases the likelihood of cytokine-induced mortality and morbidity. Complex systems exist for the control of cytokine production and oxidant actions. The former include the hormones of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis, acute phase proteins, and endogenous inhibitors of interleukin (IL)-1 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF). The latter include endogenously synthesized antioxidants, such as glutathione and dietary antioxidants, such as tocopherols, ascorbates and cachectins. Nutrients change cytokine production and potency by influencing tissue concentrations of many of the molecules involved in cytokine biology. Monounsaturated fatty acids and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) suppress TNF and IL-1 production and actions, while n-6 PUFAs exert the opposite effect. Changes in eicosanoid production are more likely to underlie this effect than alterations in membrane fluidity. Low antioxidant intake results in enhanced cytokine production and effects. The anorexia that follows infection and injury, may be purposeful to permit release of substrate from endogenous sources to support and control the inflammatory process. Therefore, prior as well as concurrent nutrient intake are of importance in determining the outcome of the inflammatory response. Nutrition 1998;14:634-640. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1998.
Direct and indirect modulation of rat cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum function by <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Measurements were made of trans-sarcolemmal Ca2+ fluxes and intracellular [Ca2+](i) in rat ventricular myocytes loaded with Indo-1 to determine how the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) suppresses spontaneous waves of Ca2+ release. We report that in 10 mum EPA, the Ca2+ efflux generated by individual waves increased by 11.3 +/- 4.9 % over control levels. However, wave-generated efflux per unit time fell overall by 19 +/- 5.3 %. On removal of EPA, wave frequency increased transiently such that Ca2+ efflux was greater than normal and the cell lost 28.0 +/- 10.6 mumol l(-1) Ca2+. This probably represents the loss of extra Ca2+ accumulated by the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR), while Ca2+ release was inhibited. These results are evidence of inhibition of the SR Ca2+-release mechanism and reduced availability of Ca2+ to the SR From the relationship between average intracellular Ca2+ and the frequency of spontaneous waves, we have calculated the relative contributions of these different mechanisms to the lower frequency of waves. In EPA, the frequency of spontaneous waves fell by 37.5 +/- 8.1 %, the majority of this (29.2 +/- 8.8 %) is due to inhibition of the Ca2+-release mechanism. In EPA, the rate of fall of Ca2+ in the caffeine response (an indicator of surface membrane Ca2+ efflux pathway activity) was not altered. We conclude, therefore, that the lower resting level of Ca2+ observed in EPA is due to a lower influx of Ca2+ across the surface membrane rather than increased activation of efflux pathways. How these effects might contribute to the anti-arrhythmic actions of EPA is discussed.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum and homocysteine concentrations in Japanese men and women: a cross-sectional study; Background: Supplementation studies have suggested a role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in homocysteine metabolism, but the evidence is limited and inconsistent among studies that measured blood levels of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs. We examined the association between blood levels of PUFAs and homocysteine in Japanese men and women.
Evaluation of the effect of dietary sesamin on white muscle lipid composition of common carp (<i>Cyprinus carpio</i> L.) juveniles; This study was focused on the clarification of the effect of dietary sesamin on fatty acids and the composition of different lipid fractions [phospholipids (PLs), cholesterol and triacylglycerols] in the white muscle of common carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) juveniles. Two different basic diets with defatted fishmeal as a protein source and either only linseed oil or a mixture of linseed and sunflower oil as a lipid source designed to have two different n-3/n-6 ratios (1.21 - CL group; 0.32 - CM group) were produced. Each diet was then used with or without added sesamin (0.58 g 100g(-1)). One hundred and forty-four individuals were fed in triplicated groups for 63 days until their weight had doubled. No influence of dietary sesamin on growth, mortality or on the white muscle lipid content of the fish was found. Added sesamin significantly decreased the content of PLs and increased the cholesterol content in the CM group. No effect was found in the total lipid fatty acid composition but there was found a significantly lower content of saturated fatty acids and 20: 5n-3 in PLs and of 22: 6n-3 in triacylglycerols in the sesamin supplemented CL group. These and other differences show either a tendency of lower long chain n-3 fatty acids biosynthesis or their higher use in beta-oxidation in sesamin-supplemented groups. We conclude that sesamin in this experiment had no substantial positive impact on the lipid metabolism of juvenile carp.
A systematic review of fish-oil supplements for the prevention and treatment of hypertension; Aims: Fish oils are widely believed to promote cardiovascular health by lowering blood pressure (BP) but the evidence supporting this is not conclusive. We aimed to systematically review existing evidence.
Immunonutrition in patients undergoing esophageal cancer resection; P>Specialized nutritional support containing immunonutrients such as arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, and ribonucleic acid significantly reduces the incidence of postoperative infective complications and hospital length of stay in elective surgery patients. However, immunonutrition use is not standard practice in esophago-gastric units internationally. This review provides a clinical update regarding the use of immunonutrition in patients undergoing major gastrointestinal surgery and, in particular, esophageal cancer resection, and provides direction for future collaborative research. A review of MEDLINE and Cochrane Library databases was conducted for randomized controlled trials or meta-analyses. A recent meta-analysis demonstrated that preoperative immunonutrition use significantly reduces hospital length of stay and the incidence of postoperative complications in patients undergoing major elective surgery, particularly for gastrointestinal malignancies. Only three small randomized controlled trials have evaluated immunonutrition use in patients exclusively undergoing esophageal cancer surgery. These were unable to determine whether immune-enhancing formulae positively influence key clinical outcomes such as mortality, hospital and intensive care unit length of stay, and postoperative morbidity in this patient group. Currently, there is insufficient evidence to recommend routine use of immunonutrition in patients undergoing esophageal cancer surgery. Future collaborative research should evaluate whether: (i) immunonutrition use positively influences key clinical outcomes in this population; (ii) these patients benefit from preoperative supplementation with an immune-enhancing formula or whether they require postoperative continuation (perioperative approach) to combat their risk of complications after surgery; and (iii) these formulae can be used safely in those patients who develop sepsis.
miR-612 Enhances RSL3-Induced Ferroptosis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells via Mevalonate Pathway; Background: MicroRNA-612 (miR-612) has been proven to suppress the formation of invadopodia and inhibit hepatocellular However, its biological roles in HCC cell ferroptosis remain unclear. Methods and Results: In this study, we found that HCC cells with high metastatic potential were more resistant to ferroptosis, indicating that ferroptosis is related to HCC metastasis. The levels of lipid reactive oxygen species (ROS) were found to be much lower in HCC cells with high metastatic potential by flow cytometry (FCM). We used HCC cells with miR-612 overexpression/ knockout and HADHA overexpression/knockdown to test cell viability after stimulation with RSL3. HCC cells overexpressing miR612 were more sensitive to ferroptosis, and miR-612 could increase lipid ROS levels. Furthermore, colony formation assays and Transwell assays showed that miR-612 could inhibit the proliferation and metastasis of HCC cells by promoting ferroptosis. We next confirmed that miR-612 influenced HCC cell ferroptosis by regulating HADHA. HADHA could upregulate the expression of key enzymes in the mevalonate (MVA) pathway. HADHA overexpression upregulated the expression of CoQ10 and decreased polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and lipid peroxide abundance. miR-612 also suppressed HCC cell proliferation and metastasis by enhancing RSL3- and lovastatin-induced ferroptosis in vivo. Conclusion: Overall, miR-612 promotes ferroptosis in HCC cells and affects HCC proliferation and metastasis by downregulating CoQ10 and increasing cellular PUFA levels and lipid peroxides via the HADHA-mediated MVA pathway.
Can Behenic Acid (C22:0) Levels be a Prognostic Factor in Glial Tumors?; Background: Inhibition of fatty acid synthase leads to apoptosis in cancers, which leads to high levels of fatty acid synthesis. This indicates that cancer cells depend on fatty acid in order to survive. In this study, we investigated whether or not there was a relationship between the glial tumor grade and free fatty acid level of tumor tissue. Methods: Twenty patients who had high grade glial tumors and 20 patients who had low grade glial tumors, were included in the study. Tumors samples were obtained intraoperatively in order to measure the fatty acid levels. The fatty acids were studied in three groups: saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids. They were analyzed with gas chromatography. Results: The oleic acid, linoleic acid, eicosadienoic acid, arachidonic acid, and docosadienoic acid levels were high in the tumor tissue of low grade tumors. The myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, alpha linoleic acid, eicosenoic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and ceramide levels were high in the tumor tissue of high grade glial tumors. However, none of these high values were statistically significant. The high values of behenic acid, a saturated fatty acid, in low grade glial tumors were statistically significant. Conclusion: High levels of behenic acid in patients with low grade glial tumor is important as it indicates persistence of the tissue integrity and tissue resistance. behenic acid levels can be a prognostic factor in glial tumors.
The confusion about dietary fatty acids recommendations for CHD prevention; A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies has not found an association between dietary saturated fat intake and CHD incidence. This funnelled the discussion about the importance of the recommendation to lower the intake of saturated fat for the prevention of CHD. At the same time a document of the European Food Safety Authority has suggested that specific quantitative recommendations are not needed for individual fatty acids but that more general statements can suffice. In this review, we discuss methodological aspects of the absence of association between SFA intake and CHD incidence in prospective cohort studies. We also summarise the results of the controlled dietary experiments on blood lipids and on CHD incidence in which saturated fat was replaced by either cis-unsaturated fat or carbohydrates. Finally, we propose a nutritionally adequate diet with an optimal fatty acid composition for the prevention of CHD in the context of dietaiy patterns. Such diets are characterised by a low intake of saturated fat, and as low as possible intake of trans-fat and fulfil the requirements for the intake of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids. No recommendation is needed for the intake of cis-MUFA.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms modulate acute adiponectin response to dietary fat: Possible pathogenetic role in NASH; Factors underlying the independent association of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with increased cardiovascular risk are unknown. Adiponectin polymorphisms predict cardiometabolic risk in the general population. This association is not always mediated by low fasting adiponectin levels, adipose tissue accumulation, or traditional risk factors. Adiponectin modulates lipid metabolism and liver injury in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) even in the absence of obesity, dyslipidemia, and diabetes. We hypothesized adiponectin polymorphisms may predispose to NAFLD and may increase cardiovascular risk by modulating circulating lipoprotein and adiponectin response postprandially. The prevalence of adiponectin single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) 45GT and 276GT was assessed in 70 nonobese, nondiabetic, normolipidemic NAFLD patients and 70 healthy matched controls; the impact of the adiponectin SNP's was subsequently correlated to liver histology and postprandial adiponectin and Lipoprotein responses to oral fat load in a subgroup of 30 biopsy-proven patients with NASH and 30 controls. The 45TT and 276GT/TT genotypes were more prevalent in NAFLD patients than in controls and independently predicted the severity of liver disease in NASH. In both patients and controls, these genotypes exhibited a blunted postprandial adiponectin response and higher postprandial triglycerides (Tg), free fatty acids (FFA), oxidized LDL (oxLDL), and VLDL levels than their counterparts, despite comparable fasting adipokines, lipids, dietary habits, adiposity, and insulin resistance. They were also independently associated, together with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, with postprandial adiponectin response. IAUC adiponectin independently predicted postprandial Tg, FFA, oxLDL, and intestinal and hepatic VLDL subfraction responses in NASH. Conclusion: The at-risk adiponectin SNPs 45TT and 276GT are significantly more prevalent in NAFLD than in the general population; they are associated with severity of liver disease, with blunted postprandial adiponectin response, and with an atherogenic postprandial lipoprotein profile in NASH independently of fasting adipokine and lipid levels.
The Significance of the Mediterranean Diet in the Management of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the accumulation of intrahepatic fat occurring in the absence of alcohol abuse. The fatty changes in the liver are often the beginning of sequelae of complications, potentially causing steatohepatitis, liver cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. The Mediterranean diet is not only a way of eating but is considered a lifestyle and primarily consists of a plant-based diet, with olive oil as the primary lipid. In this study, we reviewed the effectiveness of the Mediterranean diet on NAFLD and its efficacy in disease management. This systematic review follows the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Protocol (PRISMA-P) 2009 guidelines. The PubMed database was used to gather articles, using the following terms individually and in combination, "Mediterranean diet," "non-alcoholic fatty liver disease," "insulin resistance," "metabolic syndrome," "omega-3-fatty acids." A quality appraisal was completed to include 14 articles in this systematic review. The studies discuss the correlation between the Mediterranean diet and its role in preventing and treating NAFLD. Olive oil is the major monounsaturated fatty acid, whereas nuts, seeds, and fish consist largely of polyunsaturated fatty acids, both of which are essential components of the Mediterranean diet. The plant-based diet, having sufficient amounts of vegetables, legumes, and fruits, provides its anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects, playing a fundamental role in preventing oxidative stress damage. Olive oil polyphenols increase apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. They also decrease proliferation and angiogenesis, all of which prevent neoplasia. Adapting the Mediterranean lifestyle has shown promising effects in NAFLD, reducing overall mortality and morbidity.
Neuroprotective effects of vitamin D alone or in combination with lamotrigine against lithium-pilocarpine model of status epilepticus in rats; Status epilepticus (SE) is considered one of the major serious forms of epilepsy with high mortality rate. Since the currently available antiepileptic drugs have low efficacy and high adverse effects, new more efficient and safe therapies are critically needed. There is increasing evidence supporting dietary and alternative therapies for epilepsy, including the ketogenic diet, modified Atkins diet, and omega-3 fatty acids. Recent studies have shown significant prophylactic and therapeutic potential of vitamin D (vit-D) use in many neurological disorders. Therefore, in the present study, the neuroprotective effects and mechanisms of vit-D alone or in combination with lamotrigine have been evaluated in the lithium-pilocarpine model of SE in rats. Rats were divided into five groups: normal group, SE group, lamotrigine (25 mg/kg/day) pretreated group, vit-D (1.5 mcg/kg/day) pretreated group, and group pretreated with vit-D and lamotrigine for 2 weeks. At the end of treatment, SE was induced by single intraperitoneal injection of LiCl (127 mg/kg), followed 24 h later by pilocarpine (30 mg/kg). Seizures' latency, cognitive performance in Morris water maze, brain oxidative stress biomarkers (glutathione, lipid peroxides, and nitric oxide), brain neurochemistry (gamma-aminobutyric acid and glutamate), and brain histopathology have been evaluated. Vit-D prevented pilocarpine-induced behavioral impairments and oxidative stress in the brain; these results were improved in combination with lamotrigine. Vit-D has a promising antiepileptic, neuroprotective, and antioxidant effects. It can be provided to patients as a supportive treatment besides antiepileptic drugs. However, clinical trials are needed to establish its efficacy and safety.
Beneficial effects of designed dietary fatty acid compositions on lipids in triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins among Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus"; Elevated levels of postprandial tiracylglycerol-rich lipoproteins (ppTRLs) are atherogenic. Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have exaggerated postprandial lipemia associated with elevation or prolonged residence of ppTRL remnants. We examined whether dietary fatty acid compositions (DFACs) decrease atherogenic lipid profiles in ppTRL subfractions in T2DM Chinese patients. A singe-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted among 28 T2DM patients. Patients consumed 1 of 3 standardized DFAC-specific fat meals: equidominant (1:1:1), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) dominant (PUFA-D, 1:1.7:2.3), or monounstaturated fatty acid (MUFA)-dominant (MUFA-D, 1:1.7:1.2) meals. Numbers in parenthesis, respectively, represent the ratio of saturated fatty acids, MUFA, and PUFA to saturated fatty acids. The MUFA-D meal was the control. Triacylglycerol and cholesterol levels were measured in Svedberg floatation rate (S(f)) greater than 400, S(f) 60 to 400, S(f) 20 to 60, and S(f) 12 to 20 ppTRL subfractions at fasting (0 hour) and 2, 4 and 6 hours after the consumption of the fat meals. Effects of DFACs on mean concentrations of triacylglycerols and cholesterol averaged over 0, 2, 4 and 6 hours in ppTRL subfraction were assessed using linear mixed models. Stability and robustness were validated with 400 (P = .002, bootstrap P < .05) and S(f) 20 to 60 (P = .02, bootstrap p < .05) subfractions, and decreased average S(f) 20 to 60 cholesterol (P = .04 bootstrap P < .05); PUFA-D decreased S(f) greater than 400 average triacylglycerol levels (P = .09, bootstrap P < .05). Bootstrap samples suggested that PUFA-D decreased average S(f) 20 to 60 cholesterol levels (bootstrap P < .05). Therefore, modifying DFACs attenuates the atherogenic lipid profile of ppTRLs in T2DM patients; but increasing PUFA ratio may be more feasible (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A POSSIBLE PREVENTIVE EFFECT OF LOW-DOSE FISH OIL ON EARLY DELIVERY AND PREECLAMPSIA - INDICATIONS FROM A 50-YEAR-OLD CONTROLLED TRIAL; A preventive effect of dietary marine n-3 fatty acids on early delivery and toxaemia has recently been hypothesized. In only one published controlled trial fish oil has been given to pregnant women, namely in that conducted during 1938-9 in London by the People''s League of Health with a dietary supplement containing vitamins, minerals, and halibut liver oil. Although it was of high quality and its findings are hitherto unexplained, neglect and misinterpretation of the trial seem to occur  commonly in reviews. Of the 5644 women who were enrolled the 622 withdrawals were independent of treatment. Alternate allocation to treatment was used, producing two groups that were well balanced as to age and parity. The supplement was given from about week 20. The control group did not receive any supplement. Reductions of 20.4% (95% confidence interval 9-30%, P = 0.00083) and 31.5% (95% confidence interval 11-47%, P = 0.0047) were seen in odds of delivering before 40 weeks of gestation and pre-eclampsia respectively. No significant effects were seen on perinatal mortality, average birth weight, deliveries after 40 weeks, hypertension in the absence of oedema and proteinuria, duration of labour, sepsis or breast feeding occurrence. Later controlled trials with vitamins or minerals given in the same amounts as in this trial have largely failed to show convincing effects as seen here. A controlled trial assessing the isolated effects of fish oil in pregnancy is  warranted.
Taurine: a potential marker of apoptosis in gliomas; New cancer therapies are being developed that trigger tumour apoptosis and an in vivo method of apoptotic detection and early treatment response would be of great value. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) can determine the tumour biochemical profile in vivo, and we have investigated whether a specific spectroscopic signature exists for apoptosis in human astrocytomas. High-resolution magic angle spinning (HRMAS) (1)H MRS provided detailed (1)H spectra of brain tumour biopsies for direct correlation with histopathology. Metabolites, mobile lipids and macromolecules were quantified from presaturation HRMAS (1)H spectra acquired from 41 biopsies of grades II (n = 8), III (n = 3) and IV (n = 30) astrocytomas. Subsequently, TUNEL and H&E staining provided quantification of apoptosis, cell density and necrosis. Taurine was found to significantly correlate with apoptotic cell density (TUNEL) in both non-necrotic (R = 0.727, P = 0.003) and necrotic (R = 0.626, P = 0.0005) biopsies. However, the ca 2.8 p. p. m. polyunsaturated fatty acid peak, observed in other studies as a marker of apoptosis, correlated only in non-necrotic biopsies (R = 0.705, P < 0.005). We suggest that the taurine (1)H MRS signal in astrocytomas may be a robust apoptotic biomarker that is independent of tumour necrotic status.
Effect on cellular membrane fatty acids in the stressed cells of <i>Leuconostoc mesenteroides</i>:: A native probiotic lactic acid bacteria; Probiotics are microbial cell preparations or components of microbial cells that have a beneficial effect on the health and well being of the consumer. With increasing demand for such products, a lactic acid bacterium was isolated from whey and studied for its probiotic properties. This study deals with the importance of the role of cell membrane fatty acids in response to a pH reduction. An increase of unsaturated fatty acids such as palmitoleic acid (9.1%), oleic acid (5.8%), linoeic acid (5.4%) and linolenic acid (2.8%) was found at pH 3.0, which were 103.2, 2.7, 15.6 and 9.93 fold higher, respectively, compared with the same culture grown at pH 6.5. The work was done on a native isolated culture, which was identified as Leuconostoc mesenteroides (Accession number MTCC 5209). It has antimicrobial properties against 6 toxic food pathogens and resistance to common antibiotics so as to maintain normal intestinal microflora. It has high beta-galactosidase activity (278.6 micro M/100 mg protein) and can hydrolyze 3% lactose. The ability to adhere hydrocarbon provides evidence that the culture can adhere and colonize the intestinal tract. The culture is able to tolerate low pH and a high bile salt concentration, which implies the ability to survive harsh conditions of the gastrointestinal tract when orally administered in any food formulations. All these properties make it a potential probiotic culture.
Induction of Apoptosis in SNU-16 Human Gastric Cancer Cells by the Chloroform Fraction of an Extract of Dangyuja (<i>Citrus grandis</i>) Leaves; The anticancer effect of Dangyuja (Citrus grandis Osbeck) leaf extract was investigated using SNU-16 human gastric cancer cells. Maximum cytotoxicity was observed from the chloroform fraction (CF) of the extract. Cell death was dose-dependent (IC50=ca. 92.15 mu g/mL), and was characterized by apoptotic body formation and DNA fragmentation. Flowcytometric analysis showed that treatment of CIF resulted in a marked accumulation of cells in the sub-G1 phase. The induction of apoptosis was confirmed by caspase-3 activity assays and immunoblotting using antibodies against Bid, Bcl-2, Bax, poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase, caspase-9, caspase-8, caspase-7, and caspase-3. Analyses of the CF by gas chromatography (GC) and GC-mass spectrometry tentatively identified 21 compounds, including linoleic acid, linolenic acid, palmitic acid, alpha-amyrin, gamma-sitosterol, dihydrolanosterol, methyl palmitate, and nobiletin. These results provided the first evidence that the CIF of a Dangyuja leaf extract induces apoptosis in SNU-16 cells. Our findings may lead to new strategies for the treatment of human gastric cancer.
N-3 vs. n-6 fatty acids differentially influence calcium signalling and adhesion of inflammatory activated monocytes: impact of lipid rafts; Anti-inflammatory n-3 fatty acids (FA) like docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) opposed to the pro-inflammatory n-6 FA arachidonic acid (AA) might modulate lipid rafts within the cell membrane by differential incorporation. In inflammation, monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells is a crucial step mediated by intracellular calcium changes. We investigated whether lipid rafts mediate FA-induced modulation of adhesion and intracellular calcium.
Association of Dietary Fatty Acid Consumption Patterns with Risk of Hyper-LDL Cholesterolemia in Korean Adults; This study aimed to identify the association between the risk of hyper-LDL cholesterolemia (hyper-LDLC) and fatty acid consumption patterns (FACPs) using the data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES) prospective cohort. A total of 6542 middle-aged Korean adults were included in the analysis. Four FACPs were identified through principal component analysis of the reported intakes of 34 fatty acids (FAs): "long-chain FA pattern"; "short & medium-chain saturated fatty acid (SFA) pattern"; "n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) pattern"; and "long-chain SFA pattern". The "long-chain SFA pattern" lowered the risk of hyper-LDLC (relative risk (RR), 0.82; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.72-0.94; p for trend, 0.004) and the "short & medium-chain SFA pattern" increased the risk of hyper-LDLC (RR, 1.17; 95% CI, 1.03-1.32; p for trend = 0.004). In sex-stratified analyses, the associations of the "long-chain SFA pattern" (RR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.58-0.93; p for trend = 0.007) and the "short & medium-chain SFA pattern" (RR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.07-1.69; p for trend = 0.003) with the hyper-LDLC risk were observed only in men, but not in women. These results suggest that FACPs with a high intake of long-chain SFA or a low intake of short and medium-chain SFA may protect Korean adults from hyper-LDLC.
Disorders of Serum Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Renal Transplant Patients; Background. Disturbances in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) could predispose renal transplant (RTx) patients to cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this study was to evaluate serum content of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA in RTx subjects, in comparison to nontransplanted chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients in predialysis stages and to healthy controls. In the second part of the study, PUFA were analyzed in subcutaneous adipose tissue of CKD subjects at the time of kidney transplantation.
Fatty acid profile of two cured meat products: dry-cured ham and <i>cecina</i>; Introduction and objectives: the aim of this study was to assess the fatty acid profile of two cured meat products of similar manufacturing processes and characteristics, dry-cured ham (JA) and cecina (CE), a type of dry-cured beef. The obtained results were discussed in terms of the effects that each singular fatty acid, when consumed, could have on human health.
RNA-seq differential gene expression analysis in mammary tissue from lactating dairy cows supplemented with sunflower oil; Context
A diet supplemented with <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids influences the metabolic and endocrine response of rabbit does and their offspring; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the productive, endocrine, and metabolic responses as well as oxidative stress of rabbit does and their offspring when fed a diet supplemented with n-3 PUFA during their first productive cycle. To this aim, a total of 105 rabbit does were fed ad libitum from d 60 to 172 of age 2 isoenergetic and isoproteic diets differing in fatty acid composition. The control diet (n = 52 does) contained 45.9 g/kg of n-3 of the total fatty acids and the enriched diet (n = 53 does) contained 149.2 g/kg of n-3 of the total fatty acids. Both experimental groups had similar feed intake during rearing, pregnancy, and lactation. The enrichment of diet had no effect on ultrasonographic assessment of does on d 9 and 16 of pregnancy, with an embryonic vesicle number and fetus and placenta size similar between groups (P > 0.05). Even though there were no major effects (P > 0.05) on fertility, duration of gestation, and number born alive and stillborn kits at parturition, live kits from enriched does were longer (71.6 +/- 2.42 vs. 79.5 +/- 2.13 mm; P < 0.05) and tended to be heavier (42.5 +/- 3.94 vs. 50.8 +/- 3.47 g; P = 0.07) than those from control does (P < 0.05). The 2 groups had similar milk production and mortality values during lactation; consequently, there were no differences between diets in ADG, litter weight, and number of weaned kits (P > 0.05). In enriched does, higher plasma leptin and estradiol concentrations than in control does (P < 0.05) were observed. In addition, enriched females also had lower total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) than control females during lactation (P < 0.05). Regarding offspring, the enrichment of diet with PUFA caused a hyperlipidemic status (greater values of plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, and HDL-c; P < 0.05) at 1 d postpartum (dpp), compared with the control group, that disappeared at 32 dpp. Supplemented does before parturition and their offspring at 1 dpp had greater oxidative stress than those in the control group. In conclusion, an increase of n-3 PUFA concentration in the diet of rabbit does and, consequently, of their offspring during a productive cycle alters their lipid profile and the indicators of oxidative stress, without major endocrine modifications or improvements in the productive variables.
Study of the seasonal variation on proximate composition of oven-dried <i>Sargassum muticum</i> biomass collected in Vigo Ria, Spain; Samples of the invasive brown alga Sargassum muticum from Vigo Ria, Galicia (NW Spain), were oven-dried. Currently, this drying technique is a regular process in local seaweed industry. Samples collected monthly were studied for proximal composition. Variables were investigated for statistical analysis correlation with environmental parameters (temperature, relative humidity, precipitation index) to detect significant seasonal variations. Even though thermal treatment affected phenolic extractability, an interesting content in minerals and fatty acids was found. Besides, variables with higher seasonal correlation were total extractibles (2.3-6.9, 0.3-5.9 and 0.6-4.1 %, for ethanol, ethylacetate and hexane extracts, respectively), protein (7-11 %), C (33.8-43.8 %), Mn (47.9-12.1 mg kg(-1)), Zn (12.7-40.8 mg kg(-1)) and Cu (8-23 mg kg(-1)), neutral detergent fibre (27.9-44.5 %), acid-insoluble residue (20-36 %), total lipid percent (1.6-3.2 %), monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids (22.5-36.1 and 20.1-31.8 %) and omega 6/omega 3 ratio (1.4-3.4). Hence, seasonal characterization constitutes a preliminary step for future valorization of algal biomass as ingredient in feed supplements or fertilizers.
Increased survival after cecal ligation and puncture in mice consuming diets enriched with sesame seed oil; Objectives: Lignans that present in the nonfat portion of sesame seed oil (SSO) can inhibit Delta -5 desaturase activity, resulting in an increase in the accumulation of dihomo-gamma -linolenic acid and, subsequently, decrease the production of proinflammatory dienoic eicosanoids with a concomitant increase in the secretion of less inflammatory monoenoic eicosanoids.
Tubular Damage and Worsening Renal Function in Chronic Heart Failure; Objectives This study sought to investigate the relationship between tubular damage and worsening renal function (WRF) in chronic heart failure (HF)
Preeclampsia Is Associated With Compromised Maternal Synthesis of Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Leading to Offspring Deficiency; Obesity and excessive lipolysis are implicated in preeclampsia (PE). Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with low maternal body mass index and decreased lipolysis. Our aim was to assess how maternal and offspring fatty acid metabolism is altered in mothers in the third trimester of pregnancy with PE (n=62) or intrauterine growth restriction (n=23) compared with healthy pregnancies (n=164). Markers of lipid metabolism and erythrocyte fatty acid concentrations were measured. Maternal adipose tissue fatty acid composition and mRNA expression of adipose tissue fatty acid-metabolizing enzymes and placental fatty acid transporters were compared. Mothers with PE had higher plasma triglyceride (21%, P<0.001) and nonesterified fatty acid (50%, P<0.001) concentrations than controls. Concentrations of major n-6 and n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in erythrocytes were 23% to 60% lower (all P<0.005) in PE and intrauterine growth restriction mothers and offspring compared with controls. Subcutaneous adipose tissue Delta-5 and Delta-6 desaturase and very long-chain fatty acid elongase mRNA expression was lower in PE than controls (respectively, mean [SD] control 3.38 [2.96] versus PE 1.83 [1.91], P=0.030; 3.33 [2.25] versus 1.03 [0.96], P<0.001; 0.40 [0.81] versus 0.00 [0.00], P=0.038 expression relative to control gene [square root]). Low maternal and fetal long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations in PE may be the result of decreased maternal synthesis. (Hypertension. 2012; 60: 1078-1085.). Online Data Supplement
The Effect of Dietary Supplementation of Vitamin E, Selenium, Zinc, Folic Acid, and N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Sperm Motility and Membrane Properties in Dogs; Sub-fertility represents a common challenge in canine reproduction. Different protocols, supplementing daily given quantities of micronutrients, were investigated to improve poor sperm concentration and/or function, which represent breeding major constraining factors in the canine species. Little information is available for dogs concerning the effect of a daily supplementation with a complex of vitamin E, zinc, selenium, folic acid, and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on semen quality. Thus, the present study investigated this effect on semen motility and sperm membrane properties. Serial semen analyses from fourteen healthy normospermic dogs, fed with the same commercial diet, were performed on Days 0 (T0), 30 (T30), 60 (T60), and 90 (T90). Seven dogs were randomly included in the treatment (T) group, receiving a supplementation of vitamin E, zinc, selenium, folic acid, n-3 PUFA; and seven other subjects composed the control (C) group. Total Sperm Count (TSC), Computer-Assisted Sperm Analysis (CASA) indexes, mortality, and functional membrane integrity were assessed. The ANOVA compared results between groups and sampling times (p < 0.05). From T60, the supplementation significantly improved TSC, progressive motility, functional membrane integrity, and decreased mortality. Present results lead us to consider ameliorative effects of a two-month healthy diet supplementation on canine spermatozoa. The positive effects of the described balanced integration of micronutrients on sperm motility and prevention of oxidative stress should be considered, especially when decreased seminal parameters may result from inadequate intake, reduced absorption, increased losses or demand, or to attenuate the impact of age.
The gut mycobiome composition is linked to carotid atherosclerosis; The mycobiotic component of the microbiota comprises an integral, yet under-researched, part of the gastrointestinal tract. Here, we present a preliminary study of the possible contribution of gut mycobiota to sub-clinical atherosclerosis in a well-characterised group of obese and non-obese subjects in association with the Framingham Risk Score (FRS) and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT). From all taxa identified, the relative abundance of the phylum Zygomycota, comprising the family Mucoraceae and genus Mucor, was negatively associated with cIMT and this association remained significant after controlling for false discovery rate. Obese subjects with detectable Mucor spp. had a similar cardiovascular risk profile as non-obese subjects. Interestingly, the relative abundance of Mucor racemosus was negatively associated both with FRS and cIMT. Partial least square discriminant analyses modelling, evaluating the potential relevance of gut mycobiota in patients stratified by mean values of cIMT, showed that even a 1 component model had a high accuracy (0.789), with a high R2 value (0.51). Variable importance in projection scores showed that M. racemosus abundance had the same impact in the model as waist-to-hip ratio, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, fasting triglycerides or fasting glucose, suggesting that M. racemosus relative abundance in the gut may be a relevant biomarker for cardiovascular risk.
Insights into the promising prospect of medicinal chemistry studies against neurodegenerative disorders; Medicinal chemistry is an interdisciplinary field that incorporates organic chemistry, biochemistry, physical chemistry, pharmacology, informatics, molecular biology, structural biology, cell biology, and other disciplines. Additionally, it considers molecular factors such as the mode of action of the drugs, their chemical structureactivity relationship (SAR), and pharmacokinetic aspects like absorption, distribution, metabolism, elimination, and toxicity. Neurodegenerative disorders (NDs), which are defined by the breakdown of neurons over time, are affecting an increasing number of people. Oxidative stress, particularly the increased production of Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS), plays a crucial role in the growth of various disorders, as indicated by the identification of protein, lipid, and Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) oxidation products in vivo. Because of their inherent nature, most biological molecules are vulnerable to ROS, even if they play a role in metabolic parameters and cell signaling. Due to their high polyunsaturated fatty acid content, low antioxidant barrier, and high oxygen uptake, neurons are particularly vulnerable to oxidation by nature. As a result, excessive ROS generation in neurons looks especially harmful, and the mechanisms associated with biomolecule oxidative destruction are several and complex. This review focuses on the formation and management of ROS, as well as their chemical characteristics (both thermodynamic and kinetic), interactions, and implications in NDs.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid protects against end stage disease of systemic lupus erythematosus in the NZB/W F1 mouse; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a naturally occurring fatty acid with anti-carcinogenic, anti-atherosclerotic and immune-enhancing activities. Dietary CLA accelerated the onset of proteinuria in autoimmune-prone NZS/W F1 mice but did not affect anti-DNA antibody production. Body weight of the CLA group was decreased compared to the control group at the time proteinuria first developed. CLA group also had slightly earlier mortality than control fed mice, however the mean days of survival did not differ between CLA and control fed mice. Body weight loss between proteinuria onset and death was approximately twice as much in the control group as in the CLA group. Moreover, duration between proteinuria and death was longer in the CLA than in the control group. Our data suggested that dietary CLA may accelerate the autoimmune symptoms of NZB/W F1 mice, however, CLA protected against the disease related body weight loss and prolonged survival after proteinuria.
Human biomonitoring to optimize fish consumption advice: Reducing uncertainty when evaluating benefits and risks; National fish consumption advisories that are based solely on assessment of risk of exposure to contaminants without consideration of consumption benefits result in overly restrictive advice that discourages eating fish even in areas where such advice is unwarranted. In fact, generic fish advisories may have adverse public health consequences because of decreased fish consumption and substitution of foods that are less healthy.
Toxicity of fatty acids on murine and human melanoma cell lines; High concentrations of certain fatty acids can cause cell death via apoptosis or necrosis. The aim of this study was to investigate the toxicity of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids on melanoma cell lines, which was evaluated by either loss of membrane integrity and/or DNA fragmentation using flow cytometric analysis. Evidence is presented that saturated and unsaturated fatty acids exert toxic effects on melanoma cells through loss of membrane integrity and/or DNA fragmentation. Arachidonic and linoleic acids were the most effective in decreasing the number of viable S91 murine melanoma cells, causing loss of membrane integrity and DNA fragmentation at 100 mu M concentration already after 24 h in culture. In B16F 10 murine melanoma cells, palmitic acid was the most toxic, inducing cell death by both apoptosis and necrosis. The human melanoma cell lines were more resistant to the toxic effect of fatty acids. In SK-Mel 23 cells, indications of cytotoxicity were detected only after 48 h treatment with arachidonic, linoleic, palmitic and palmitoleic acids at 200 mu M concentration. Linoleic acid was the most toxic for this cell line. In SK-Mel 28 human cells, only palmitic acid caused a significant decrease of the number of viable cells, inducing DNA fragmentation after 24 and 48 h treatments at 200 mu M concentration. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of diet on adiponectin levels in blood; Dietary management has been considered an alternative means of modulating adiponectin levels. The purpose of this review is to examine the scientific evidence regarding the effect of diet on adiponectin levels in blood. Clinical trials were selected from Medline until April 2010 using the following MeSH terms: adipokines OR adiponectin AND diet OR lifestyle. A total of 220 articles were identified in the initial search, and 52 studies utilizing three different methods of dietary management were included in the present review: low-calorie diets (n = 9 studies), modification of diet composition (n = 33), and diet plus exercise (n = 10). Daily intake of fish or omega-3 supplementation increased adiponectin levels by 14-60%. Weight loss achieved with a low-calorie diet plus exercise increased adiponectin levels in the range of 18-48%. A 60-115% increase in adiponectin levels was obtained with fiber supplementation. In conclusion, dietary management can be an effective therapeutic means of increasing adiponectin levels. Studies investigating different forms of adiponectin and changes in the types of adipose tissue are necessary in order to elucidate the mechanisms involved in the modulation of adiponectin levels. (C) 2011 International Life Sciences Institute
Exogenous arachidonic acid mediates permeability of human brain microvessel endothelial cells through prostaglandin E<sub>2</sub> activation of EP<sub>3</sub> and EP<sub>4</sub> receptors; The blood brain barrier, formed by microvessel endothelial cells, is the restrictive barrier between the brain parenchyma and the circulating blood. Arachidonic acid (ARA; 5,8,11,14-cis-eicosatetraenoic acid) is a conditionally essential polyunsaturated fatty acid [20:4(n - 6)] and is a major constituent of brain lipids. The current study examined the transport processes for ARA in confluent monolayers of human brain microvascular endothelial cells (HBMEC). Addition of radioactive ARA to the apical compartment of HBMEC cultured on Transwer inserts resulted in rapid incorporation of radioactivity into the basolateral medium. Knock down of fatty acid transport proteins did not alter ARA passage into the basolateral medium as a result of the rapid generation of prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)), an eicosanoid known to facilitate opening of the blood brain barrier. Permeability following ARA or PGE(2) exposure was confirmed by an increased movement of fluorescein-labeled dextran from apical to basolateral medium. ARA-mediated permeability was attenuated by specific cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors. EP3 and EP4 receptor antagonists attenuated the ARA-mediated permeability of HBMEC. The results indicate that ARA increases permeability of HBMEC monolayers likely via increased production of PGE(2) which acts upon EP3 and EP4 receptors to mediate permeability. These observations may explain the rapid influx of ARA into the brain previously observed upon plasma infusion with ARA.
Thromboxane biosynthesis and future events in diabetes: the ASCEND trial; Background and Aims Thromboxane (TX) A(2), released by activated platelets, plays an important role in atherothrombosis. Urinary 11-dehydro-TXB2 (U-TXM), a stable metabolite reflecting the whole-body TXA(2) biosynthesis, is reduced by similar to 70% by daily low-dose aspirin. The U-TXM represents a non-invasive biomarker of in vivo platelet activation and is enhanced in patients with diabetes. This study assessed whether U-TXM is associated with the risk of future serious vascular events or revascularizations (SVE-R), major bleeding, or cancer in patients with diabetes. Methods The U-TXM was measured pre-randomization to aspirin or placebo in 5948 people with type 1 or 2 diabetes and no cardiovascular disease, in the ASCEND trial. Associations between log U-TXM and SVE-R (n = 618), major bleed (n = 206), and cancer (n = 700) during 6.6 years of follow-up were investigated by Cox regression; comparisons of these associations with the effects of randomization to aspirin were made. Results Higher U-TXM was associated with older age, female sex, current smoking, type 2 diabetes, higher body size, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio of >= 3 mg/mmol, and higher estimated glomerular filtration rate. After adjustment for these, U-TXM was marginally statistically significantly associated with SVE-R and major bleed but not cancer [hazard ratios per 1 SD higher log U-TXM (95% confidence interval): 1.09 (1.00-1.18), 1.16 (1.01-1.34), and 1.06 (0.98-1.14)]. The hazard ratio was similar to that implied by the clinical effects of randomization to aspirin for SVE-R but not for major bleed. Conclusions The U-TXM was log-linearly independently associated with SVE-R in diabetes. This is consistent with the involvement of platelet TXA(2) in diabetic atherothrombosis.
Effects of carob (<i>Ceratonia siliqua</i>) pod byproduct on quail performance, egg characteristics, fatty acids, and cholesterol levels; This study was carried out to determine the effects of a carob (Ceratonia siliqua) byproduct (CB) supplement in diets for laying Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) on performance and egg internal-external quality traits, fatty acid profile, and cholesterol content. A total of 225 female quail at 12 weeks of age were distributed into five treatment groups with three replications (15 birds in each replication). The following treatments were tested: 0% (control, no CB supplementation); 3% CB; 5% CB; 10% CB; and 15% CB in the diets. Feed and water were provided ad libitum to quail. The lighting program was 16 h light and 8 h dark. The experiment lasted 60 days. Treatments had no significant effects on final weight, feed intake, feed conversion ratio, egg production, and mortality. The external egg quality characteristics, shape index, shell weight, shell thickness, albumen index, yolk index, yolk weight, yolk fat, yolk color, yolk cholesterol, stearic acid, oleic acid, and heptadecanoic acid concentrations were not significantly influenced by CB supplementation to quail diets. Haugh unit, egg yolk total saturated fatty acids, total mono or polyunsaturated fatty acids, linoleic acid, gamma linolenic acid, palmitic, and palmitoleic acid contents were significantly influenced by the treatments. Carob byproduct can be used up to 15% in laying quail diets without any negative effects on performance, mortality, or internal egg quality traits.
DHA-supplemented diet increases the survival of rats following asphyxia-induced cardiac arrest and cardiopulmonary bypass resuscitation; Accumulating evidence illustrates the beneficial effects of dietary docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA) on cardiovascular diseases. However, its effects on cardiac arrest ( CA) remain controversial in epidemiological studies and have not been reported in controlled animal studies. Here, we examined whether dietary DHA can improve survival, the most important endpoint in CA. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomized into two groups and received either a control diet or a DHA-supplemented diet for 7-8 weeks. Rats were then subjected to 20 min asphyxia-induced cardiac arrest followed by 30 min cardiopulmonary bypass resuscitation. Rat survival was monitored for additional 3.5 h following resuscitation. In the control group, 1 of 9 rats survived for 4 h, whereas 6 of 9 rats survived in the DHA-treated group. Surviving rats in the DHA-treated group displayed moderately improved hemodynamics compared to rats in the control group 1 h after the start of resuscitation. Rats in the control group showed no sign of brain function whereas rats in the DHA-treated group had recurrent seizures and spontaneous respiration, suggesting dietary DHA also protects the brain. Overall, our study shows that dietary DHA significantly improves rat survival following 20 min of severe CA.
<i>Artemisia argyi</i> H.Lev. & Vaniot essential oil induces ferroptosis in pancreatic cancer cells via up-regulation of TFR1 and depletion of γ-glutamyl cycle; Artemisia argyi H.Lev. & Vaniot, a traditional Chinese medicine with a history spanning over two millennia, has been extensively used in folk medicine to treat dysmenorrhea, uterine bleeding and inflammation. Recent studies have demonstrated that the essential oil extracted from Artemisia argyi H.Lev. & Vaniot, known as AAEO, exhibits significant anti-tumor properties against liver and lung cancers. There is a scarcity of research on the potential impact of AAEO on pancreatic cancer (PC) cells. In this study, UPLC-MS/MS-based metabolomics method was established to evaluate the effect of AAEO on the proliferation of PC cells. The differential compounds included 5-oxoproline, glutamate, gamma-glutamylcysteine, glutathione, arachidonic acid, adrenal acid and linoleic acid were detected by metabolomics, enriching in the gamma-glutamyl cycle and polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, which were closely related to ferroptosis. Meanwhile, AAEO dramatically increased the levels of intracellular iron ion via up-regulation of TFR1, augmented reactive oxygen species and malondialdehyde in a dose-dependent manner by down-regulation of gamma-glutamyl cycle through decreasing expressions of SLC7A11. Additionally, beta-caryophyllene oxide, one of the main components of AAEO, could covalently bind to Cys in SW1990 cells to form a conjugate Cpo-Cys, resulting in the inhibition of glutathione synthesis. Importantly, the ferroptosis inhibitor deferoxamine significantly blocked the inhibitory effect of AAEO on SW1990 cells. Meanwhile, beta-caryophyllene oxide, dihydro-beta-ionone and alpha-bisabolol had strong binding force with GPX4, SLC7A11 and TFR1, respectively. These findings showed that AAEO induced ferroptosis via regulation of gamma-glutamyl cycle by SLC7A11 and iron disorders by TFR1. Our study discovered AAEO as a potential therapeutic approach to induce ferroptosis to prevent or treat PC.
Effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on malignant ventricular arrhythmias in patients with chronic heart failure and implantable cardioverter-defibrillators: A substudy of the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Insufficienza Cardiaca (GISSI-HF) trial; Background The antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA) in ischemic heart disease have been demonstrated; however, studies in patients surviving malignant ventricular arrhythmias of different etiologies treated with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) have given conflicting results. The purpose of this study was to assess the antiarrhythmic effect of n-3PUFA versus placebo in 566 patients with heart failure enrolled in the GISSI-HF trial who received an ICD for secondary or primary prevention of ventricular fibrillation (VF) or tachycardia (VT).
Fatty acid composition and antioxidant levels in muscle tissue of different Mediterranean marine species of fish and shellfish; The levels of hydrophilic, lipophilic, and enzymatic antioxidants, as well as the fatty acids composition, of triglyceride and phospholipid fractions were determined in the muscle tissue of 21 species of teleosts, 3 species of cephalopods, and 6 species of crustaceans, just caught from the central Tyrrhenian Sea (Mediterranean Sea). The enzymatic activities and the levels of low-molecular-weight antioxidants, and the percentages of fatty acids, showed marked interspecies differences. Our results showed that total polyunsaturated fatty acids (21.7-61.5%) were the highest, followed by saturated (16.9-41.3%) and monounsaturated (9.1-42.8%.) fatty acids. The total n-3 fatty acids content (16.6-57.1%) was found to be higher than the total n-6 fatty acids content (4.1-10.60%). All of the species studied had an n-3/n-6 ratio of more than 1, confirming the great importance of fish and shellfish as a significant dietary source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their beneficial role in the Mediterranean type of diet.
Effects of dietary virgin olive oil on serum lipids levels in rats; Introduction: Because of the relationship between olive oil consumption and low cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, we investigated the effects of dietary virgin olive oil (VOO) on serum lipids profile.
Prevalent dietary supplement use in older New Zealand men; Aims Because of a lack of recent data from New Zealand older men, we examined dietary supplement use in this demographic.
Low serum eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratio in male subjects with visceral obesity; Background: Visceral fat accumulation is caused by over-nutrition and physical inactivity. Excess accumulation of visceral fat associates with atherosclerosis. Polyunsaturated fatty acids have an important role in human nutrition, but imbalance of dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) / arachidonic acid (AA) ratio, is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The present study investigated the correlation between EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), AA parameters and clinical features in male subjects.
Toxicity of nickel and cobalt in Japanese flounder; Nickel and cobalt are essential elements that become toxic at high concentrations. Little is known about nickel and cobalt toxicity in aquatic animals. This study aimed to investigate acute and chronic toxicity of nickel and cobalt in Japanese flounder (Paralichthys olivaceous), with emphasis on oxidative stress reactions, histopathological changes, and differences in gene expression. The lethal concentration for 50% mortality (LC50) in 3 and 8 cm Japanese flounder exposed to nickel for 96 h was found to be 86.2 +/- 0.018 and 151.3 +/- 0.039 mg/L; for cobalt exposure, LC50 was 47.5 +/- 0.015 and 180.4 +/- 0.034 mg/L, respectively. Chronic nickel and cobalt exposure caused different degrees of oxidative enzyme activity changes in gill, liver, and muscle tissues. Erythrocyte deformations were detected after acute or chronic exposure to nickel and cobalt. the nickel and cobalt exposure also caused pathological changes such as spherical swelling over other gill patches, rod-like proliferations in the gill patch epithelial cell layer, and disorder in hepatocyte arrangement, cell swelling, and cytoplasm loosening. RNA-Seq indicated that there were 184 upregulated and 185 downregulated genes in the liver of Japanese flounder exposed to 15 mg/L nickel for 28 d. For cobalt, 920 upregulated and 457 downregulated genes were detected. Among these differentially expressed genes, 162 were shared by both nickel and cobalt exposure. In both nickel and cobalt, pathways including fatty acid elongation, steroid biosynthesis, unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, fatty acid metabolism, PPAR signaling, and ferroptosis were significantly enriched. Taken together, these results aided our understanding of the toxicity of nickel and cobalt in aquatic animals. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Meal-Based Intervention on Health Promotion in Middle-Aged Women: A Pilot Study; Middle-aged women belong to a risk group for metabolic dysregulation and menopausal symptoms, mainly due to a dramatic hormonal shift. Supplementation with functional compounds or a single nutrient has been dominantly explored as a nutritional approach for improving aging-related health parameters. However, a meal-based approach might be another strategy for promoting the overall health of the target population. This pilot study aimed to develop a meal-based intervention for middle-aged women and to evaluate its potential health benefits. Considering the nutrient intake status of Korean middle-aged women, diets enriched with four major nutrients (isoflavone, omega-3, fiber, and calcium) were designed and provided to forty-nine women aged 50 to 65 with mild levels of menopausal symptoms for 8 weeks. In the post-intervention phase, they showed reduced body weight and body fat, and improved biochemical metabolic parameters with decreased levels of cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, ApoB, and fasting insulin. Moreover, bone resorption markers and menopause symptoms were lower in the post-intervention phase. In conclusion, the meal-based intervention might be a prominent strategy for overall health promotion in relatively healthy middle-aged women and further investigation is needed to test its efficacy with a randomized controlled study.
Effects of dietary enrichment with a marine oil-based n-3 LCPUFA supplement in sows with predicted birth weight phenotypes on birth litter quality and growth performance to weaning; The effects of a marine oil-based n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (mLCPUFA) supplement fed to the sow from weaning, through the rebreeding period, during gestation and until end of lactation on litter characteristics from birth until weaning were studied in sows with known litter birth weight phenotypes. It was hypothesized that low birth weight (LBW) litters would benefit more from mLCPUFA supplementation than high birth weight litters. A total of 163 sows (mean parity=4.9 +/- 0.9) were rebred after weaning. Sows were pair-matched by parity and litter average birth weight of the previous three litters. Within pairs, sows were allocated to be fed either standard corn/soyabean meal-based gestation and lactation diets (CON), or the same diets enriched with 0.5% of the mLCPUFA supplement at the expense of corn. Each litter between 9 and 16 total pigs born was classified as LBW or medium/high average birth weight (MHBW) litter and there was a significant correlation (P<0.001) between litter average birth weight of the current and previous litters within sows (r=0.49). Sow serum was harvested at day 113 of gestation for determination of immunoglobulin G (IgG) concentrations. The number of pigs born total and alive were lower (P=0.01) in mLCPUFA than CON sows, whereas the number of stillborn and mummified pigs were similar between treatments. Number of stillborns (trend) and mummies (P<0.01) were higher in LBW than MHBW litters. Tissue weights and brain : tissue weight ratios were similar between treatments, but LBW litters had decreased tissue weights and increased brain : tissue weight ratios compared with MHBW litters. Placental weight was lower (P=0.01) in LBW than MHBW litters, but was not different between treatments. Average and total litter weight at day 1 was similar between treatments. mLCPUFA increased weaning weight (P=0.08) and average daily gain (P<0.05) in MHBW litters, but not in LBW litters. Pre-weaning mortality was similar between treatments, but was higher (P<0.01) in LBW than MHBW litters. IgG concentration in sow serum was similar between treatments and litter birth weight categories. In conclusion, litter birth weight phenotype was repeatable within sows and LBW litters showed the benchmarks of intra-uterine growth retardation (lower placental weight and brain sparing effects). As maternal mLCPUFA supplementation decreased litter size overall, only improved litter growth rate until weaning in MHBW litters, and did not affect pre-weaning mortality, maternal mLCPUFA supplementation was not an effective strategy in our study for mitigating negative effects of a LBW litter phenotype.
Cuticle Fatty Acid Composition and Differential Susceptibility of Three Species of Cockroaches to the Entomopathogenic Fungi <i>Metarhizium anisopliae</i> (Ascomycota, Hypocreales); Differences in free fatty acids (FFAs) chemical composition of insects may be responsible for susceptibility or resistance to fungal infection. Determination of FFAs found in cuticular lipids can effectively contribute to the knowledge concerning insect defense mechanisms. In this study, we have evaluated the susceptibility of three species of cockroaches to the entomopathogenic fungi Metarhizium anisopliae (Metschnikoff) Sorokin by topical application. Mortality due to M. anisopliae was highly significant on adults and nymphs of Blattella germanica L. (Blattodea: Blattellidae). However, mortality was faster in adults than in nymphs. Adults of Blatta orientalis L. (Blattodea: Blattidae) were not susceptible to the fungus, and nymphs of Blaptica dubia Serville (Blattodea: Blaberidae) were more susceptible to the fungus than adults. The composition of cuticular FFAs in the three species of cockroaches was also studied. The analysis indicated that all of the fatty acids were mostly straight-chain, long-chain, saturated or unsaturated. Cuticular lipids of three species of cockroaches contained 19 FFAs, ranging from C-14:0 to C-24:0. The predominant fatty acids found in the three studied species of cockroaches were oleic, linoleic, palmitic, and stearic acid. Only in adults of Bl. orientalis, myristoleic acid, c-linolenic acid, arachidic acid, dihomolinoleic acid, and behenic acid were identified. Lignoceric acid was detected only in nymphs of Bl. orientalis. Heneicosylic acid and docosahexaenoic acid were identified in adults of Ba. dubia.
Docosahexaenoic acid inhibits both NLRP3 inflammasome assembly and JNK-mediated mature IL-1β secretion in 5-fluorouracil-treated MDSC: implication in cancer treatment; Limitation of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) anticancer efficacy is due to IL-1 beta secretion by myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSC), according to a previous pre-clinical report. Release of mature IL-1 beta is a consequence of 5-FU-mediated NLRP3 activation and subsequent caspase-1 activity in MDSC. IL-1 beta sustains tumor growth recovery in 5-FU-treated mice. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) belongs to omega-3 fatty acid family and harbors both anticancer and anti-inflammatory properties, which could improve 5-FU chemotherapy. Here, we demonstrate that DHA inhibits 5-FU-induced IL-1 beta secretion and caspase-1 activity in a MDSC cell line (MSC-2). Accordingly, we showed that DHA-enriched diet reduces circulating IL-1 beta concentration and tumor recurrence in 5-FU-treated tumor-bearing mice. Treatment with 5-FU led to JNK activation through ROS production in MDSC. JNK inhibitor SP600125 as well as DHA-mediated JNK inactivation decreased IL-1 beta secretion. The repression of 5-FU-induced caspase-1 activity by DHA supplementation is partially due to beta-arrestin-2-dependent inhibition of NLRP3 inflammasome activity but was independent of JNK pathway. Interestingly, we showed that DHA, through beta-arrestin-2-mediated inhibition of JNK pathway, reduces V5-tagged mature IL-1 beta release induced by 5-FU, in MDSC stably overexpressing a V5-tagged mature IL-1 beta form. Finally, we found a negative correlation between DHA content in plasma and the induction of caspase-1 activity in HLA-DR- CD33(+) CD15(+) MDSC of patients treated with 5-FU-based chemotherapy, strongly suggesting that our data are clinical relevant. Together, these data provide new insights on the regulation of IL-1 beta secretion by DHA and on its potential benefit in 5-FU-based chemotherapy.
A review of recent studies on malondialdehyde as toxic molecule and biological marker of oxidative stress; Aim: Of the many biological targets of oxidative stress, lipids are the most involved class of biomolecules. Lipid oxidation gives rise to a number of secondary products. Malondialdehyde (MDA) is the principal and most studied product of polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation. This aldehyde is a highly toxic molecule and should be considered as more than just a marker of lipid peroxidation. Its interaction with DNA and proteins has often been referred to as potentially mutagenic and atherogenic. This review is intended to briefly describe the physiological origin of MDA, to highlight its toxicity, describe and comment on the most recent methods of detection and discuss its occurrence and significance in pathology.
Abciximab is rapidly effective in preventing and arresting established platelet aggregation; Background: Abciximab reduces the thrombotic complications of angioplasty. It is also used, as a 'bail out' treatment when angioplasty is complicated by thrombus but its speed of action is not known. This study sought to establish how quickly abciximab blocks the aggregation of both quiescent and activated platelets to explain this rapid efficacy.
Proximate and Fatty Acid Compositions in Different Flesh Cuts of Cultured, Cultured Fasted, and Wild Pacific Bluefin Tuna (Thunnus orientalis); This study was carried out to determine the differences in proximate and fatty acid (FA) compositions in different flesh cuts of the most valuable cephalic portion of cultured (full-cycle), cultured fasted (full-cycle), and wild Pacific bluefin tuna (PBT; Thunnus orientalis). Cultured fasted PBTs were fasted for 6 days to ensure empty stomachs during harvesting and to determine the influence of fasting on the lipid and FA composition in different flesh cuts. Significantly higher lipid contents were observed (p 0.05) in the dorsal akami (lean part) and the ventral o-toro (very fatty part) flesh cuts in cultured and cultured fasted PBTs than in wild ones. However, monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) contents in all flesh cuts were significantly higher in cultured and cultured fasted PBTs than in wild PBT. Wild PBTs contained significantly higher (p 0.05) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) contents than other cultured PBTs in all flesh cuts except for the dorsal akami and wakaremi (fatty part near dorsal fin) flesh parts, and contained higher n-3 FA content than other PBTsespecially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n-3)in the lipid fraction from the dorsal chu-toro (medium fatty part), ventral akami, ventral chu-toro, o-toro, and in dark flesh cuts. The flesh quality of cultured or cultured fasted PBTs has the advantage of having a higher total amount of essential FAs than that of wild PBT.
Factors affecting the variation in fatty acid concentrations in lean beef from grass-fed cattle in New Zealand and the implications for human health; Lean beef from grass-fed cattle was analysed for fatty acid (FA) content to determine the between-animal variation and the effects of various traits on FA composition, and indices and FA ratios that have human health implications. In Experiment 1, samples were from three muscles from five bulls, five cows, and five heifers. In Experiment 2, samples were from the m. longissimus lumborum of 50 (3)/(4) Jersey (1)/(4) Limousin and 50 (3)/(4) Limousin (1)/(4) Jersey cattle, born over 2 years and sired by two bulls. The heifers and steers grazed on similar pastures until slaughter. In both experiments, after adjusting for differences in total FA content of the meat, there were large coefficients of variation (CV) for trans-vaccenic, cis-9 trans-11 conjugated linoleic, and docosahexaenoic acids and low CV for the saturated (SATFA) and monounsaturated FA (MUFA), and intermediate CV for other FA. There were significant effects of muscle and animal types in Experiment 1 and of breed, sire, sex, and year-born in Experiment 2 on the composition and content of individual and groups of FA, especially the polyunsaturated FA (PUFA). The n-6:n-3, PUFA:SATFA, and MUFA:SATFA ratios, and the indices for atherogenicity and thrombogenicity, traits that have human health implications, were affected by factors in both experiments, but absolute differences were small. The conclusions were that the FA composition of lean grass-fed beef could be changed by traditional means to improve the human health image of beef, but the impact would be small and progress slow. More progress was likely from selecting for beneficial FA than against undesirable SATFA.
Changes in the Eicosapentaenoic Acid to Arachidonic Acid Ratio in Serum over 10 Years in a Japanese Community: The Hisayama Study; Aim: Circulating omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids may to contribute to cardiovascular health at the population level. Over a decade, we investigated changes in the serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to arachidonic acid (AA) ratio, and in serum concentrations of the individual fatty acids, in a Japanese community. Methods: Community surveys took place in 2002-2003 and 2012-2013 in a rural area of Japan. The community surveys included 3,194 and 3,220 community dwellers aged >= 40 years who did not take EPA medication in 2002-2003 and 2012-2013, respectively. Fatty acid fractionations in serum were measured using a gas chromatography method. Changes in the serum EPA/AA ratio over time were examined using linear mixed models. Results: Overall, the average serum EPA/AA ratio decreased over the 10 years. A decreasing trend in the serum EPA/AA ratio occurred in all age groups except participants aged >= 80 years, with larger decreases in the younger age groups. A similar decline in serum EPA/AA ratio occurred in participants with and those without lipid -lowering therapy. Serum EPA concentrations were slightly increased in the whole population but remained stable or even decreased in participants aged 40-69. In contrast, the average serum AA concentrations increased in all age groups. Conclusion: In a Japanese community, the serum EPA/AA ratio decreased over 10 years at the population level, especially in middle-aged participants.
METABOLIC FINGERPRINTING OF <i>ACS7</i> MUTANT AND WILD-TYPE <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> UNDER SALT STRESS BY ULTRA PERFORMANCE LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY COUPLED WITH QUADRUPOLE/TIME OF FLIGHT MASS SPECTROMETRY; The metabolic fingerprints of the acs7 mutant and wild-type (WT) of the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana with and without salt stress were compared by ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with quadrupole time of flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-QTOF MS). Separations were performed on C-18 column (2.1 mm x 100 mm, 1.7 mu m). A linear gradient elution of acetonitrile and 0.1% formic acid solution was used at a flow rate of 0.4 mL/min. Principal components analysis (PCA) and partial least squares-discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) were combined for the data treatment. A clear discrimination was obtained by both PCA and PLS-DA. The acs7 salt-treated group was closer to the control group samples than the WT salt-treated group samples. Several potential stress-induced ions were revealed as markers of salt stress. The markers 12-oxophytodienoic acid (OPDA), arabidopside A, sinapoyl malate, linolenic acid, and abscisic acid were identified by the accurate mass (from TOF MS). Linolenic acid and OPDA are the biosynthetic precursors of jasmonic acid (JA) by the octadecanoid pathway. The JA content determination results indicated that salt stress increased the JA levels in the leaves of the WT plant, but there was no significant increase in the JA content of acs7 after salt treatment. These data suggested the responses to salt stress of the acs7 mutant and WT A. thaliana were different in the octadecanoid pathway.
Dietary management of cardiovascular risk including type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review Recent changes or confirmations linking patterns of eating and specific dietary interventions in the management of cardiovascular risk factors including associations with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes. Recent findings Recently published guidance for dietary management of cardiovascular risk and type 2 diabetes have mostly common features. Major findings include a trend to replace strict quantitative advice on nutrients with qualitative advice on food consumption with exceptions for diabetes, global advice to increase intake of plant foods, confirmation to substitute mono and polyunsaturated oils for saturated and trans fats, new advisory on supplemental omega-3 intake, less limitation on dairy foods and fermented dairy foods encouraged, reduced emphasis on specific cholesterol-rich foods allowing greater consumption of eggs except for people with diabetes, processed meat consumption limited allowing modest intake of lean red meat, distinguishing between 'healthy' and 'unhealthy' carbohydrates including sugars, and maintaining advice on healthy bodyweight, reducing salt intake and encouraging water as preferred beverage. The new guidance for healthier patterns of food consumption supported by evidence is more readily understood by health practitioners and translatable to consumers and patients.
Tackling Residual Atherosclerotic Risk in Statin-Treated Adults: Focus on Emerging Drugs; Epidemiological studies and meta-analyses have consistently suggested the importance of lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) to reduce cardiovascular (CV) events. However, these studies and mechanistic studies using intracoronary imaging modalities have reported patients who continue to experience CV events or disease progression despite optimal LDL-C levels on statins. These findings, including statin intolerance, have highlighted the importance of exploring additional potential therapeutic targets to reduce CV risk. Genomic insights have presented a number of additional novel targets in lipid metabolism. In particular, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors have rapidly developed and recently demonstrated their beneficial impact on CV outcomes. Triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins have been recently reported as a causal factor of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Indeed, several promising TG-targeting therapies are being tested at various clinical stages. In this review, we present the evidence to support targeting atherogenic lipoproteins to target residual ASCVD risk in statin-treated patients.
SYNTHESIS AND SOME TOXICITY AND OXIDATION STUDIES OF A FATTY ACID HYDROQUINONE AND ANALOGS OF TOCOL AND DELTA-TOCOPHEROL; Sodium nitromalonaldehyde was condensed with 12-oxooctadecanoic acid to form 2-([omega]-carboxynonyl)-6-pentyl-4-nitrophenol. Reduction to the amine and subsequent oxidation with ferric ion gave 2-([omega]-carboxynonyl)-6-pentyl-[rho]-quinone. Reduction with zinc in acetic acid converted the quinone into 2-([omega]-carboxynonyl)-6-pentyl-[rho]-hydroquinone. Similarly, sodium nitromalonaldehyde was condensed with phytylacetone and 1-phytyl-2-butanone to form 2-phytyl-4-nitrophenol and 2-phytyl-6-methyl-4-nitrophenol, which were cyclized to the 6-nitro-2-methyl-2-(4, 8,12-trimethyltri-decyl)chromane and 6-nitro-2,8-dimethyl-2-(4, 8,12-trimethyltridecyl)-chromane, respectively. These nitro analogs of tocol and [delta]-tocopherol were hydrogenated to the corresponding amines. An oxidation product of 6-amino-2-methyl-2-(4,8,12-trimethyltridecyl)chromane is described. The effectiveness of 2-([omega]-carboxynonyl)-6-pentyl-[rho]-hydroquinone, as an antioxidant for methyl linolenate was greater than that of [delta]-tocopherol. The fatty acid hydroquinone was fed to mice in amounts up to 0.1 percent of the diet for 15 weeks without toxic effect. Mice on diets containing 0.3 percent and more of the hydroquinone decreased their food intake and excreted a metabolite that changed to a red color on standing in air. The corresponding fatty acid quinone in the diet at the 3 percent level was fatal to mice in 2 weeks.
Linezolid Inhibited Synthesis of ATP in Mitochondria: Based on GC-MS Metabolomics and HPLC Method; Linezolid has been widely used in serious infections for its effective inhibiting effect against multidrug-resistant gram-positive pathogens. However, linezolid caused severe adverse reactions, such as thrombocytopenia, anaemia, optic neuropathy, and near-fatal serotonin syndrome. In order to investigate the toxicity of linezolid, twenty-four Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into: control group (n-7), low-group (n-8), and high-group (n-9). The rats of low-group and high-group were given by gavage with linezolid 60 and 120 mg/kg/day for 7 days, respectively. The serum concentration of linezolid was determined by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC); blood metabolic change was analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometer (GC-MS). Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) concentration in HepG2-C3A after being cultured with linezolid was determined by HPLC. The results showed that there were six metabolites and nine metabolites had statistical differences in low-group and high-group (P<0.05). The trimethyl phosphate was the most significant indicator in those changed metabolites. Except for d-glucose which was slightly increased in low-group, octadecanoic acid, cholest-5-ene, hexadecanoic acid, cc-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, 9,12-Octadecadienoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were all decreased in low-group and high-group. ATP concentration was decreased in HepG2-C3A after cultured with linezolid. In conclusion, the toxicity of linezolid is related to its scrum concentration. Linezolid may inhibit the synthesis of ATP and fatty acid.
The secondary bile acid isoursodeoxycholate correlates with post-prandial lipemia, inflammation, and appetite and changes post-bariatric surgery; Primary and secondary bile acids (BAs) influence metabolism and inflammation, and the gut microbiome modulates levels of BAs. We systematically explore the host genetic, gut microbial, and habitual dietary contribution to a panel of 19 serum and 15 stool BAs in two population-based cohorts (TwinsUK, n = 2,382; ZOE PREDICT-1, n = 327) and assess changes post-bariatric surgery and after nutritional interven-tions. We report that BAs have a moderately heritable genetic component, and the gut microbiome accurately predicts their levels in serum and stool. The secondary BA isoursodeoxycholate (isoUDCA) can be explained mostly by gut microbes (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] =-80%) and associ-ates with post-prandial lipemia and inflammation (GlycA). Furthermore, circulating isoUDCA decreases significantly 1 year after bariatric surgery (b =-0.72, p =1 3 10-5) and in response to fiber supplementation (b =-0.37, p < 0.03) but not omega-3 supplementation. In healthy individuals, isoUDCA fasting levels correlate with pre-meal appetite (p < 1 3 10-4). Our findings indicate an important role for isoUDCA in lipid metabolism, appetite, and, potentially, cardiometabolic risk.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids modulate the effects of the <i>APOA1</i> G-A polymorphism on HDL-cholesterol concentrations in a sex-specific manner:: the Framingham Study; Background: A common G-to-A substitution in the promoter area (-75 base pairs) of the apolipoprotein A-I gene (APOA1) has been described. The A allele was shown to be associated with higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations in some studies but not in others.
Review of Complementary and Alternative Medicine and Selected Nutraceuticals: Background for a Pilot Study on Nutrigenomic Intervention in Patients with Advanced Cancer; As commonly defined, complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) is a broad category that includes biologically based practices, mind-body medicine, manipulative and body-based practices, and energy medicine as well as complete medical systems such as naturopathy, homeopathy, Ayurvedic medicine, and traditional Chinese medicine. Several CAM methodologies show promise for the treatment of chronic conditions such as depression and pain disorders or have demonstrated effects upon the immune response in experimental studies. There is growing interest in the use of integrative medicine the combination of CAM methodologies with a conventional medical approach for the optimization of treatment of various cancers.
Changes in the initial phase of lipid peroxidation induced by elicitor from <i>Phytophthora infestans</i> in <i>Solanum</i> species; The initial phase of the lipid peroxidation process in leaves of Solanum nigrum var. gigantea, Solanum tuberosum cv Bzura and clone H-8105, which represent non-host resistance, field resistance and susceptibility, respectively, against Phytophthora infestans, was investigated. Based on quantitative and qualitative high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analyses of free and esterified fatty acid hydroperoxides (FAHs), we characterized the lipid peroxidation process induced by the pathogen-derived elicitor, culture filtrate (CF), in leaves of the studied genotypes. In all plants, FAHs generated due to 13-lipoxygenase (LOX) action dominated over those from the non-enzymatic pathway. The FAHs derived from 9-LOX activity were found only in CF-treated leaves of the non-host resistant S. nigrum. However, experiments in vitro and in planta with exogenous linoleic acid (LA) as a substrate for LOX revealed high constitutive activity of 9-LOX in all genotypes, which increased in response to CF treatment. The time course changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) pools in the total lipid fractions as welt as the degree of their oxidation suggested that CF-induced PUFA peroxidation was enhanced mostly in S. nigrum, less so in Bzura and least in the susceptible clone H-8105. The obtained results are discussed in tight of the overall biochemical cell status of plants in the studied interactions. (C) 2008 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Circulating CD36+microparticles are not altered by docosahexaenoic or eicosapentaenoic acid supplementation; Background and aims: Circulating microparticles (MP) are the source of a plasma derived form of the scavenger receptor CD36, termed soluble (s)CD36, the levels of which correlate with markers of atherosclerosis and risk of cardiovascular disease. Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have cardioprotective effects that we have previously reported to be gender specific. The aim of this study was to determine if dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and/or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) supplementation affect circulating CD36 +/- MP levels, and if this occurs differentially in healthy men and women.
Higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, and multiple individual nutrients is associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome among adults with comorbidities; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) has attracted increasing attention because its prevalence and socioeconomic burden have increased globally. We hypothesized that higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, and multiple individual nutrients are associated with a lower risk of MetS among adults with comorbidities. Therefore, we aim to explore the association between intake of multiple individual nutrients, vegetables and fruits, and MetS among Korean adults. A data set of 67,302 adults aged > 18 years was collected between 2009 and 2019. Odds ratios for MetS were calculated for log2-transformed multiple individual nutrient intake values and for the interaction of sex and comorbidities with multiple individual nutrient intake. Subsequently, we also predict the risks of MetS based on marginal effects. A 2-fold increase in daily vitamin B 2 , B 3 , total vitamin A, retinol, monounsaturated fatty acid, polyunsaturated fatty acid, potassium, phosphorus, calcium, protein, n-3, and n-6 fatty acid intakes was negatively related to the prevalence of MetS in women. High white and red vegetable consumption was associated with a lower risk of MetS in both women and men, whereas high fruit consumption was associated with a lower risk of MetS in men. Furthermore, increased daily vitamin B 2 , retinol intake, high fruit, and white and red vegetable consumption reduce the risk of MetS among adults with comorbidities. These findings reveal a link between nutrients, fruits, vegetables, and the presence of MetS. More research is needed to identify whether interactions between consumption of nutrients, vegetables, and fruits affect the existence of MetS. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Depression and heart failure: the lonely comorbidity; Depression is a frequent and debilitating comorbidity that affects heart failure (HF) patients. Up to 30% of HF patients suffer from depression and even more have depressive symptoms. Moreover, depression carries a risk for HF, especially in high-risk groups, and is significantly associated with worse quality of life and clinical outcomes. The pathophysiology of depression and HF is poorly understood, but both diseases share several mechanisms and risk factors, including dysregulation of platelet reactivity, inflammation, neuroendocrine function, arrhythmias, high-risk behaviours, and social factors. Current HF guidelines advise to screen HF patients for depression and several screening questionnaires are available. Ultimately, the diagnosis of depression is based on DSM-5 criteria. Depression treatment consists of non-pharmacological and pharmacological therapies. Non-pharmacological therapies, such as exercise training and cognitive-behavioural therapy, have been shown to have beneficial effects on depressive symptoms. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the mainstay of antidepressant therapy, appear to be safe in HF but have not shown superiority over placebo in HF in short- and long-term randomized clinical trials. New therapies to treat depression are under investigation and may offer the opportunity to improve depression management in HF, including N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and omega-3 supplementation. New technologies may offer several advantages for the screening and diagnosis of depression but they remain to be tested in future research. In this review, we examine the intersection of depression and HF, summarize the epidemiology and pathophysiology, and discuss new opportunities to diagnose and treat HF patients with depression.
Programme National Nutrition Sante - guidelines score 2 (PNNS-GS2): development and validation of a diet quality score reflecting the 2017 French dietary guidelines; Following the revision of the French dietary guidelines in 2017, the Programme National Nutrition Sante - guidelines score (PNNS-GS), built upon previous recommendations released in 2001, needed to be updated. This cross-sectional study thus aimed to develop and validate the PNNS-GS2, a predefined food-based dietary index based on the 2017-revised French nutritional guidelines. A total of 80 965 participants recruited among French adults (>= 18 years old) in the NutriNet-Sante web-based prospective cohort were included. Collected data included repeated 24 h-dietary records over a 2-year period, sociodemographic and, for 16 938 subjects, clinical and biological data. Weighting and cut-offs of the PNNS-GS2 components were collegially arbitrated by nutrition experts who participated in the 2017 revision of the guidelines. Sociodemographic, nutritional and clinical and biological factors were investigated according to quintiles (Q) of PNNS-GS2 (theoretical ranging -17 to +13 center dot 5). Mean PNNS-GS2 was 2 center dot 1 (sd 3 center dot 1) in women and -0 center dot 3 (sd 3 center dot 6) in men. Higher PNNS-GS2 (higher adherence to 2017 dietary guidelines) was positively associated with (mean difference between Q5 and Q1 in women/men) age (+8 center dot 4/+4 center dot 7 years), education (+3 center dot 9/+7 center dot 4 % of university level), physical activity (+13 center dot 3/+3 center dot 5 % of >= 60 min/d) and non-smoking (+9 center dot 7/+13 center dot 7 %), and was negatively associated with mean blood pressure (-3 center dot 0/-2 center dot 8 mmHg), plasma LDL-cholesterol (-0 center dot 07/-0 center dot 06 g/l) and TAG (-0 center dot 10/-0 center dot 16 g/l) concentrations. Higher PNNS-GS2 was also associated with higher intake of favourable nutrients, e.g. n-3 PUFA (+0 center dot 2/+0 center dot 2 % of energy intake), fibres (+8 center dot 7/+10 center dot 7 g) and vitamin C (+36 center dot 6/+43 center dot 8 mg). Associations between PNNS-GS2 and sociodemographic and nutritional factors arguing for its validation are coherent. Further studies are needed to evaluate its association with mortality and morbidity.
Association between diet, lifestyle, metabolic cardiovascular risk factors, and plasma C-reactive protein levels; Increased C-reactive protein (CRP) levels have been associated with several of the components of the metabolic syndrome, but the direct influence of diet and lifestyle factors on CRP levels remains largely unknown. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the association between CRP and diet and lifestyle factors. Plasma CRP levels were determined by a highly sensitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 760 participants in the beta-Blocker Cholesterol-Lowering Asymptomatic Plaque Study (BCAPS). In accordance with previous findings, increased levels of CRP were associated with high body mass index (BMI) (P = .012), triglycerides (P = .001), systolic blood pressure (P = .019), cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio (P = .009), and low HDL cholesterol (P = .001). CRP was also increased in smokers (P = .023) and in subjects with a low vitamin C intake (P = .018). When men and women were analyzed together, there were no significant associations between CRP and dietary intake of total calories, total fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, fiber, vitamin E, carotene, or selen, or in physical activity. However, in the female subgroup weak inverse relations were observed between CRP and the intake of total fat (r = -0.13, P = .011), saturated fat (r = -0.13, P = .011), monounsaturated fat (r = -0.13, P =.010), polyunsaturated fat (r = -0.14, P = .007), and n-3 PUFA (r = -0.14, P = .004). Stratified factor analyses in smoking subgroups, obese, and in under-reporters of energy, largely confirmed the results although in male never-smokers a combination of high fiber vitamin C/beta carotene intake was associated with low CRP levels. These observations suggest that CRP levels are only marginally associated with individual dietary and lifestyle factors. Surprisingly, a higher intake of fat tended to be associated with lower CRP values among women. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
<i>Trans</i> fatty acids in hydrogenated fat inhibited the synthesis of the polyunsaturated fatty acids in the phospholipid of arterial cells; Our hypothesis that the trans fatty acids in hydrogenated fat inhibited the synthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the phospholipid of arterial cells was tested with five groups each with six pregnant porcine fed from d 35 of gestation and during lactation. The basal diet contained 2% corn oil (control). The other four diets included the control + 10% butter or 10% hydrogenated fat plus two levels of Mg. Plasma, milk and aortic phospholipid fatty acids, phospholipid composition and calcium content of the aorta from the piglets were determined. At 48 + 2 d of age, the aorta phospholipid of piglets from porcine fed hydrogenated fat contained a significantly higher concentration of linoleic acid, less arachidonic acid, and less long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) than did piglets from porcine fed either butterfat or the control diet. Mg had no effect. These changes in composition in piglets from porcine fed hydrogenated fat indicate that trans fat inhibits the metabolic conversion of linoleic acid to arachidonic acid and to other n-6 PUFA. The aortic calcium content data showed a significant interaction of calcium concentration with age. We concluded: 1) that dietary trans fat perturbed essential fatty acid (EFA) metabolism which led to changes in the phospholipid fatty acid composition in the aorta, the target tissue of atherogenesis, 2) this inhibition of EFA to PUFA by the isomeric fatty acids in hydrogenated fat is a risk factor in the development of coronary heart disease. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Genetic factors associated with response of LDL subfractions to change in the nature of dietary fat; A preponderance of dense low density lipoprotein (LDL) particles is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease. It has been shown that dense LDL levels can be modified by diet. We investigated the contribution of polymorphisms in the genes for apolipoprotein (apo) B, apo AIV, lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP) to variation in the changes in plasma concentrations of dense LDL between a high saturated and a high polyunsaturated fatty acid diet. A total of 46 freeliving individuals (19 men and 27 women) completed a crossover trial with two dietary interventions of 4 weeks each, a high saturated fat diet (providing 21% energy from saturated fat and 3% energy from polyunsaturated fat) and a high polyunsaturated fat diet (providing 11% energy as saturated fat and 10% energy as polyunsaturated fat). Overall, the change in dense LDL between the saturated and polyunsaturated fat period was 0.17 +/- 0.33 mmol/L and this change was similar in men and women. Of the polymorphisms studied only variation in the apo AIV gene causing the substitution of histidine for glutamine at position 360 (Q360H) was associated with significant differences in the change in dense LDL concentration. Apo AIV Q/H individuals (n = 6) showed a three-fold greater change in dense LDL cholesterol unadjusted for Lp(a) levels than Q/Q individuals (0.46 +/- 0.27 versus 0.12 +/- 0.31 mmol/L, p = 0.02). The greater decrease in dense LDL cholesterol with an increase in polyunsaturated fat seen in those with the apo AIV H360 variant, who represent roughly 10% of the general population, suggests that they may benefit most from a PUFA rich lipid lowering diet. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Nutrition-COVID-19 Interplay: a Review; Purpose of Review Nutritional status is affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, directly or indirectly. Even with the recent rollout of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccines and availability of medicines such as remdesivir, and monoclonal antibodies, host nutritional status is pivotal in the fight against the acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection and outcomes. The purpose of this review is to discuss the effects of COVID-19-related lockdown on lifestyle behaviors, and the nutritional consequences, and the direct sequelae of the infection on nutrition including potential nutritional interventions. Recent Findings The COVID-19-related lockdown imposed radical changes in lifestyle behaviors with considerable short-term and long-term health and nutritional consequences including weight gain and obesity and increased cardiometabolic risk, consistently linked to worsened prognosis. The extent of the impact was dependent on food insecurity, overall stress and disordered eating, physical inactivity, and exposure to COVID-19-related nutrition information sources. COVID-19 could directly induce inflammatory responses and poor nutrient intake and absorption leading to undernutrition with micronutrient deficiencies, which impairs immune system function with subsequent amplified risk of infection and disease severity. Nutrition interventions through nutrition support, dietary supplementation, and home remedies such as use of zinc, selenium, vitamin D, and omega-3 fatty acids showed the most significant promise to mitigate the course of COVID-19 infection and improve survival rates. The nutrition-COVID-19 relationship and related dietary changes mimic a vicious cycle of the double burden of malnutrition, both obesity and undernutrition with micronutrient deficiencies, which promote infection, disease progression, and potential death.
Nutrition Intervention: A Strategy Against Systemic Inflammatory Syndrome; Background: Sepsis and septic shock syndrome are the leading causes of death in critically ill patients. Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) released by the colonic microorganisms may translocate across a compromised lumen, leading to upregulated reactive oxidative stress, inflammation, and sepsis. The authors examined an enteral formula high in cysteine (antioxidant precursor), (omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and prebiotic fructooligosaccharides (FOS) against systemic inflammatory syndrome. Methods: Rats were allocated to (1) standard soy-based diet high in cysteine and crude fiber and devoid of EPA-DHA (CHOW); (2) whey-peptide-based liquid diet high in cysteine, EPA-DHA, and FOS (CYSPUFA); or (3) casein-based liquid isonitrogenous diet, low in cysteine and devoid of EPA-DHA-FOS (CASN). Liquid diets provided 25% and CHOW, 23% of calories as protein. After 6 days oil diets, rats received an intraperitoneal injection of LPS or saline. Animals gained weight on their respective diets and lost weight after LIPS administration. The CYSPUFA group lost considerably less weight (vs CASN or CHOW, P < .05). Inflammatory cytokines significantly increased by 4 hours and subsided 18 hours after assault. The CASN group showed elevated liver enzyme alanine aminotransferase release from damaged hepatocytes and developed severe hepatic pathology with low hematocrit. The CHOW group developed more severe hepatic lesions compared with those on liquid diets. Concentration of liver enzyme and patbology were improved in rats receiving CYSPUFA. Conclusions: Data indicate that CYSPUFA, a diet rich in EPA-DHA-FOS, protects against LPS-induced systemic inflammatory responses and warrants clinical Studies in critically ill patients. JPEN J Parenter Enteral Man 200933:380-389)
Systemic effects of a high saturated fat diet in grizzly bears (<i>Ursus arctos horribilis</i>); Food sources for North America's grizzly bear (Ursus arctos horribilis Ord, 1815) population have changed as habitats have fragmented, altering available resources and putting bears in contact with unnatural foods. Bears have evolved mechanisms to tolerate obesity, and do not develop adverse health consequences despite storing massive amounts of body fat. Captive adult grizzly bears were used to determine the effects of dietary fat on health. Group 1 was fed a diet high in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) wherein 9.5% of available calories came from saturated fatty acids (SFA). Group 2 was fed a diet wherein 28.8% of calories came from SFA. Plasma fatty acids, serum lipid profiles, insulin, inflammatory markers, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and cardiac function parameters were measured. Serum lipids, SFA, and insulin did not differ between the two groups, although omega-3 fatty acids differed. Bears eating the SFA diet had significantly higher circulating adiponectin, interleukin-7 and interleukin-15, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Mild, asymptomatic systolic and diastolic dysfunctions were detected by strain echocardiography in the SFA group. The SFA diet group exhibited higher diastolic arterial pressures. Even though mild metabolic derangements were observed, grizzly bears were remarkably resistant to metabolic effects of diets high in SFA.
Alcohol, Phospholipase A<sub>2</sub>-associated Neuroinflammation, and ω3 Docosahexaenoic Acid Protection; Chronic alcohol (ethanol) abuse causes neuroinflammation and brain damage that can give rise to alcoholic dementia. Insightfully, Dr. Albert Sun was an early proponent of oxidative stress as a key factor in alcoholism-related brain deterioration. In fact, oxidative stress has proven to be critical to the hippocampal and temporal cortical neurodamage resulting from repetitive "binge" alcohol exposure in adult rat models. Although the underlying mechanisms are uncertain, our immunoelectrophoretic and related assays in binge alcohol experiments in vivo (adult male rats) and in vitro (rat organotypic hippocampal-entorhinal cortical slice cultures) have implicated phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2))-activated neuroinflammatory pathways, release of pro-oxidative arachidonic acid (20:4 omega 6), and elevated oxidative stress adducts (i.e., 4-hydroxynonenal-protein adducts). Also, significantly increased by the binge alcohol treatments was aquaporin-4 (AQP4), a water channel enriched in astrocytes that, when augmented, may trigger brain (esp. cellular) edema and neuroinflammation; of relevance, glial swelling is known to provoke increased PLA(2) activities or levels. Concomitant with PLA(2) activation, the results have further implicated binge alcohol-elevated poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 (PARP-1), an oxidative stress-responsive DNA repair enzyme linked to parthanatos, a necrotic-like neuronal death process. Importantly, supplementation of the brain slice cultures with docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 omega 3) exerted potent suppression of the induced changes in PLA(2) isoforms, AQP4, PARP-1 and oxidative stress footprints, and prevention of the binge alcohol neurotoxicity, by as yet unknown mechanisms. These neuroinflammatory findings from our binge alcohol studies and supportive rat binge studies in the literature are reviewed.
Metabolic responses of tobacco to induction of systemic acquired resistance; Tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L. cv. Xanthi-nc)plants carry the N resistance gene against Tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) and localize the infection to cells adjacent to the site of viral entry, developing a hypersensitive response in the form of local necrotic lesions. Previous studies have shown changes in metabolic activity, lipid peroxidation and lipid composition in TMV-inoculated Xanthi-nc plants. Here we report the comparative analysis of these changes in wild-type (WT) Xanthi-nc and salicylic acid-deficient phenotype NahG tobacco plants during TMV-induced cell death. TMV-inoculated WT plants develop systemic acquired resistance (SAR), while NahG tobacco plants are not able to establish SAR against a second inoculation by TMV. Heat efflux and ethane emission from uninoculated leaves of NahG plants were found to be significantly lower than from WT tobacco. However, the rates of heat efflux and lipid peroxidation increased up to similar levels in TMV-inoculated WT plants either expressing or not expressing SAR, and in NahG plants. TMV-inoculated leaves of NahG tobacco had a higher ratio of stigmasterol to sitosterol than those of WT plants. Furthermore, ratio of linoleic acid to linolenic acid was also higher in NahG tobacco. Possible reasons why induction of SAR had little or no effect on TMV-induced lipid peroxidation and metabolic activity are discussed. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Eicosanoid signalling pathways in the development and progression of colorectal cancer: novel approaches for prevention/intervention; Arachidonic acid metabolism through cyclooxygenase (COX), lipoxygenase (LOX) and cytochrome P-450 epoxygenase (EPOX) pathways leads to the generation of biologically active eicosanoids, including prostanoids, leukotrienes, hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, epoxyeicosatrienoic acid and hydroperoxyeicosatetraenoic acids. Eicosanoid expression levels vary during tumor development and progression of a range of malignancies, including colorectal cancer. The actions of these autocoids are also directly influenced by diet, as demonstrated by recent evidence for omega-3 fatty acids in colorectal cancer (CRC) prevention and/or treatment. Eicosanoids regulate CRC development and progression, while inhibition of these pathways has generally been shown to inhibit tumor growth/progression. A progressive sequence of colorectal cancer development has been identified, ranging from normal colon, to colitis, dysplasia, and carcinoma. While both COX and LOX inhibition are both promising candidates for colorectal cancer prevention and/or treatment, there is an urgent need to understand the mechanisms through which these signalling pathways mediate their effects on tumorigenesis. This will allow identification of safer, more effective strategies for colorectal cancer prevention and/or treatment. In particular, binding to/signalling through prostanoid receptors have recently been the subject of considerable interest in this area. In this review, we discuss the role of the eicosanoid signalling pathways in the development and progression of colorectal cancer. We discuss the effects of the eicosanoids on tumor cell proliferation, their roles in cell death induction, effects on angiogenesis, migration, invasion and their regulation of the immune response. Signal transduction pathways involved in these processes are also discussed. Finally, novel approaches targeting these arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoids (using pharmacological or natural agents) for chemoprevention and/or treatment of colorectal cancer are outlined.
Retinitis pigmentosa; Hereditary degenerations of the human retina are genetically heterogeneous, with well over 100 genes implicated so far. This Seminar focuses on the subset of diseases called retinitis pigmentosa, in which patients typically lose night vision in adolescence, side vision in young adulthood, and central vision in later life because of progressive loss of rod and cone photoreceptor cells. Measures of retinal function, such as the electroretinogram, show that photoreceptor function is diminished generally many years before symptomic night blindness, visual-field scotomas, or decreased visual acuity arise. More than 45 genes for retinitis pigmentosa have been identified. These genes account for only about 60% of all patients; the remainder have defects in as yet unidentified genes. Findings of controlled trials indicate that nutritional interventions, including vitamin A palmitate and omega-3-rich fish, slow progression of disease in many patients. Imminent treatments for retinitis pigmentosa are greatly anticipated, especially for genetically defined subsets of patients, because of newly identified genes, growing knowledge of affected biochemical pathways, and development of animal models.
Fish oil and other nutritional adjuvants for treatment of congestive heart failure; Published clinical research, as well as various theoretical considerations, suggest that supplemental intakes of the 'metavitamins' taurine, coenzyme Q(10), and L-carnitine, as well as of the minerals magnesium, potassium, and chromium, may be of therapeutic benefit in congestive heart failure. High intakes of fish oil may likewise be beneficial in this syndrome. Fish oil may decrease cardiac afterload by an antivasopressor action and by reducing blood viscosity, may reduce arrhythmic risk despite supporting the heart's beta-adrenergic responsiveness, may decrease fibrotic cardiac remodeling by impeding the action of angiotensin II and, in patients with coronary disease, may reduce the risk of atherothrombotic ischemic complications. Since the measures recommended here are nutritional and carry little if any toxic risk, there is no reason why their joint application should not be studied as a comprehensive nutritional therapy for congestive heart failure.
Hydrogenated phosphatidylcholine supplementation reduces hepatic lipid levels in mice fed a high-fat diet; The ability of the fatty acid composition of dietary phosphatidylcholine (PC) to affect hepatic lipid levels was investigated in C57BL/6 mice (n = 8-10 per group) by feeding: (1) a high-fat semi-purified diet (HF), (2) HF diet supplemented with 1.25 wt% soy PC (SPC), (3) HF with 1.25 wt% hydrogenated soy PC (SPCH), (4) HF with 1.25 wt% egg PC (EPC), and (5) HF with 1.25 wt% hydrogenated egg PC (EPCH). The polyunsaturated fatty acid content (C18:2 + C18:3 + C20:4) of soy, egg and hydrogenated PC was 70%, 20% and 0%, respectively. Total liver lipid was significantly lower in SPCH and EPCH vs. HF (8.7 +/- 0.1 and 8.5 +/- 0.5 vs. 11.8 perpendicular to 0.6 g/100, P<0.05), but not in SPC or EPC. SPCH and EPCH had significantly lower levels of hepatic cholesterol (-52% and -53% vs. HF, respectively). Bioactive lipids (i.e., sphingomyelin and ceramide) were also lower in the liver of SPCH and EPCH rather than in SPC or EPC. Hepatic expression of genes controlling fatty acid synthesis and catabolism were not significantly affected by dietary PC. However, hepatic expression of HMGCR, LDLR and SREBP2 was higher and that of ABCA1, ABCG5 and ABCG8 was reduced in SPCH and EPCH vs. HF. These results demonstrate that hydrogenated PC supplementation reduces hepatic lipid levels in mice fed a high-fat diet supporting the concept that the ability of dietary PC to lower hepatic lipid levels is not due to its content of polyunsaturated fatty acids. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of high blood flow on heat distribution and ablation zone during microwave ablation-numerical approach; Microwave ablation has become a viable alternative for cancer treatment for patients who cannot undergo surgery. During this procedure, a single-slot coaxial antenna is employed to effectively deliver microwave energy to the targeted tissue. The success of the treatment was measured by the amount of ablation zone created during the ablation procedure. The significantly large blood vessel placed near the antenna causes heat dissipation by convection around the blood vessel. The heat sink effect could result in insufficient ablation, raising the risk of local tumor recurrence. In this study, we investigated the heat loss due to large blood vessels and the relationship between blood velocity and temperature distribution. The hepatic artery, with a diameter of 4 mm and a height of 50 mm and two branches, is considered in the computational domain. The temperature profile, localized tissue contraction, and ablation zones were simulated for initial blood velocities 0.05, 0.1, and 0.16 m/s using the 3D Pennes bio-heat equation, temperature-time dependent model, and cell death model, respectively. Temperature-dependent blood velocity is modeled using the Navier-Stokes equation, and the fluid-solid interaction boundary is treated as a convective boundary. For discretization, we utilized H(curl, Omega) elements for the wave propagation model, H-1(Omega) elements for the Pennes bio-heat model, and H-1 (Omega)(3 )x L-0(2)(Omega)) elements for the Navier-Stokes equation, where Omega represents the computational domain. The simulated results show that blood vessels and blood velocity have a significant impact on temperature distribution, tissue contraction, and the volume of the ablation zone.
Assessment of Periprostatic and Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue Lipolysis and Adipocyte Size from Men with Localized Prostate Cancer; The prostate is surrounded by periprostatic adipose tissue (PPAT), the thickness of which has been associated with more aggressive prostate cancer (PCa). There are limited data regarding the functional characteristics of PPAT, how it compares to subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), and whether in a setting of localized PCa, these traits are altered by obesity or disease aggressiveness. PPAT and SAT were collected from 60 men (age: 42-78 years, BMI: 21.3-35.6 kg/m(2)) undergoing total prostatectomy for PCa. Compared to SAT, adipocytes in PPAT were smaller, had the same basal rates of fatty acid release (lipolysis) yet released less polyunsaturated fatty acid species, and were more sensitive to isoproterenol-stimulated lipolysis. Basal lipolysis of PPAT was increased in men diagnosed with less aggressive PCa (Gleason score (GS) <= 3 + 4) compared to men with more aggressive PCa (GS >= 4 + 3) but no other measured adipocyte parameters related to PCa aggressiveness. Likewise, there was no difference in PPAT lipid biology between lean and obese men. In conclusion, lipid biological features of PPAT do differ from SAT; however, we did not observe any meaningful difference in ex vivo PPAT biology that is associated with PCa aggressiveness or obesity. As such, our findings do not support a relationship between altered PCa behavior in obese men and the metabolic reprogramming of PPAT.
Amino Acids and Lipids Associated with Long-Term and Short-Term Red Meat Consumption in the Chinese Population: An Untargeted Metabolomics Study; Red meat (RM) consumption is correlated with multiple health outcomes. This study aims to identify potential biomarkers of RM consumption in the Chinese population and evaluate their predictive ability. We selected 500 adults who participated in the 2015 China Health and Nutrition Survey and examined their overall metabolome differences by RM consumption by using elastic-net regression, then evaluate the predictivity of a combination of filtered metabolites; 1108 metabolites were detected. In the long-term RM consumption analysis 12,13-DiHOME, androstenediol (3 alpha, 17 alpha) monosulfate 2, and gamma-Glutamyl-2-aminobutyrate were positively associated, 2-naphthol sulfate and S-methylcysteine were negatively associated with long-term high RM consumption, the combination of metabolites prediction model evaluated by area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was 70.4% (95% CI: 59.9-80.9%). In the short-term RM consumption analysis, asparagine, 4-hydroxyproline, and 3-hydroxyisobutyrate were positively associated, behenoyl sphingomyelin (d18:1/22:0) was negatively associated with short-term high RM consumption. Combination prediction model AUC was 75.6% (95% CI: 65.5-85.6%). We identified 10 and 11 serum metabolites that differed according to LT and ST RM consumption which mainly involved branch-chained amino acids, arginine and proline, urea cycle and polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism. These metabolites may become a mediator of some chronic diseases among high RM consumers and provide new evidence for RM biomarkers.
Fish Matters: Importance of Aquatic Foods in Human Nutrition and Global Food Supply; In a world where nearly 30% of humanity is suffering from malnutrition and over 70% of the planet is covered with water, aquatic foods represent an essential component of the global food basket to improve the nutrition, health, and well being of all peoples.
Lipid profile of hyperlipidemic males after supplementation of multigrain bread containing sunflower (<i>Helianthus annuus</i>) seed flour; Sunflower seeds are produced and consumed worldwide due to their richness in heart friendly nutrients in the bakery products. Its effect on reducing the incidences of cardio vascular diseases have not been studied, through supplementary studies therefore present supplementation study was planned in which five samples of bread were prepared by using various multigrain flours and sunflower seed flour at five different levels of 2.5, 5, 7.5, 10 and 12.5%. The bread sample supplemented with 7.5% sunflower seed flour was found to be highly acceptable. Sunflower seeds were roasted at 60 degrees C for 10-15 min. Chemical analysis of sunflower seed flour (raw and roasted) and highly acceptable bread pertaining to proximate composition, in vitro protein digestibility, antioxidant activity, bioactive compounds, essential fatty acids and minerals was done using standard methods. Roasting of seeds resulted in significant increase in carbohydrates, protein digestibility, phosphorus, magnesium and copper contents. The most acceptable sample had good amount of energy (324.48 kcal), protein (10.61 g), fat (2.92 g), fibre (11.36 g), ash (3.29 g), antioxidant activity (12.13%), total phenols (31.54 mg), flavonoids (17.53 mg), omega 3 fatty acids (186.16 mg), omega 6 fatty acids (13,701.40 mg), phosphorus (68.74 mg), magnesium (28.13 mg) and copper (0.12 mg) per 100 g. Sixty hyperlipidemic males aged 30-50 years were supplemented with highly acceptable bread for four months. After the intervention period, mean daily intake of and nuts and oilseeds increased significantly (p < 0.01) and a significant increase (p < 0.01) in the intake of total fat, dietary fibre, PUFA, linoleic acid, ascorbic acid, alpha tocopherols and phosphorus was observed. The weight, BMI, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides significantly reduced after the supplementation.
Dietary PUFA supplements reduce memory deficits but not CA1 ischemic injury in rats; The purpose of the present study was to examine the impact of nutritional supplementation with essential omega 3 and 6 fatty acids on CA1 neuronal death and recovery of functional impairments following global ischemia. Groups of Wistar male rats were randomly assigned to four experimental conditions determined by the consumed diet and surgical condition. Rats either received a standard diet (SD; Purina 5012) or a 15% PUFA supplemented diet (FO + CO) prepared by adding 11.5% (w/w) fish oil from menhaden fish and 3.5% corn oil to standard rat chow. Diet conditions were initiated in 30 day old rats and maintained for an 18-week period (pre- and post-surgery). Sham or 8-min global ischemic surgeries occurred during the 13th feeding week and behavioral testing took place following reperfusion for an additional 4 weeks, after which all rats were euthanized. Our findings revealed significant loss of pyramidal CA1 neurons 31 days post ischemia in ischemic as compared to sham-operated rats but no difference between ischemic animals fed the SD or PUFA supplemented diets. In the radial arm maze. SD ischemic rats took longer time to complete the task and made significantly more working memory errors than PUFA ischemic and sham-operated animals. Independent of the diet, ischemic animals appeared less anxious in the elevated plus maze, spending considerably more time in the open arms as compared to sham-operated rats. Taken together, these results suggest that fish oil supplemented diet exerts beneficial effect on ischemia-induced spatial memory deficits despite protective effects on CA1 hippocampal neurons. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Emulsion-based delivery systems for lipophilioc bioactive components; There is a pressing need for edible delivery systems to encapsulate, protect, and release bioactive lipids within the food, medical, and pharmaceutical industries. The fact that these delivery systems must be edible puts constraints on the type of ingredients and processing operations that can be used to create them. Emulsion technology is particularly suited for the design and fabrication of delivery systems for encapsulating bioactive lipids. This review provides a brief overview of the major bioactive lipids that need to be delivered within the food industry (for example, omega-3 fatty acids, carotenoids, and phytosterols), highlighting the main challenges to their current Incorporation into foods. We then provide an overview of a number of emulsion-based technologies that could be used as edible delivery systems by the food and other Industries, including conventional emulsions, multiple emulsions, multi layer emulsions, solid lipid particles, and filled hydrogel particles. Each of these delivery systems could be produced from food-grade (GRAS) ingredients (for example, lipids,proteins, polysaccharides, surfactants, and minerals) using simple processing operations (for example, mixing, homogenizing, and thermal processing). For each type of delivery system, we describe its structure, preparation, advantages, limitations, and potential applications. This knowledge can be used to facilitate the selection the selection of the most approriate emulsion-based delivery system for specific applications.
Predicting resistance or response to chemotherapy by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in neuroblastoma; Background: We previously showed that proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-1-MRS) enables estimation of neuroblastoma tumor viability. Here we investigated if H-1-MRS can predict response or resistance to chemotherapy in neuroblastoma. Methods: Neuroblastoma cell lines with various drug sensitivities were treated with cytotoxic drugs (cisplatin, etoposide, and irinotecan) and examined by H-1-MRS. Viability was assessed by trypan blue staining and the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide assay. Nude rats carrying drug-sensitive or drug-resistant neuroblastoma xenografts were treated for 4 days with irinotecan (n = 11) or saline (n = 11) and were examined with H-1-MRS at 4.7 T before and during treatment. The Wilcoxon matched-pairs test was used to test statistical significance of difference within treatment groups. Independent groups were compared using the Mann-Whitney U test. Correlation was assessed with Spearman's rank correlation. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Cytotoxic drug treatment of drug-sensitive SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells resulted in increased methylene and polyunsaturated fatty acid resonances and decreased choline resonance. The methylene/choline ratio correlated with cell death (r(s) =.94, P<.001) and was increased in cisplatin-treated drug-sensitive (SH-SY5Y, IMR-32) but not drug-resistant [SK-N-BE(2), SK-N-FI, SK-N-AS] cell lines. No changes were observed in SK-N-BE(2) cells treated with irinotecan or cisplatin, whereas circumvention of the resistance by arsenic trioxide treatment led to lipid accumulation and choline depletion. Irinotecan therapy of rats carrying drug-sensitive xenografts caused the methylene/choline ratio of tumors to increase eightfold after 3 days (95% confidence interval [CI] = fivefold to 12-fold; P =.005 compared with pretreatment spectra at day 0) and caused tumors to regress statistically significantly on day 10 compared with pretreatment volume on day 0 (difference = -60%, 95% CI = -12% to -100%, n = 6; P =.012). The methylene/choline ratio of nonregressing drug-resistant xenografts was unaffected. No differences were observed after saline treatment. Conclusions: Response or resistance to chemotherapy is accurately predicted by H-1-MRS in experimental neuroblastoma models in vivo.
Utilizing logistic regression to compare risk factors in disease modeling with imbalanced data: a case study in vitamin D and cancer incidence; Imbalanced data, a common challenge encountered in statistical analyses of clinical trial datasets and disease modeling, refers to the scenario where one class significantly outnumbers the other in a binary classification problem. This imbalance can lead to biased model performance, favoring the majority class, and affecting the understanding of the relative importance of predictive variables. Despite its prevalence, the existing literature lacks comprehensive studies that elucidate methodologies to handle imbalanced data effectively. In this study, we discuss the binary logistic model and its limitations when dealing with imbalanced data, as model performance tends to be biased towards the majority class. We propose a novel approach to addressing imbalanced data and apply it to publicly available data from the VITAL trial, a large-scale clinical trial that examines the effects of vitamin D and Omega-3 fatty acid to investigate the relationship between vitamin D and cancer incidence in sub-populations based on race/ethnicity and demographic factors such as body mass index (BMI), age, and sex. Our results demonstrate a significant improvement in model performance after our undersampling method is applied to the data set with respect to cancer incidence prediction. Both epidemiological and laboratory studies have suggested that vitamin D may lower the occurrence and death rate of cancer, but inconsistent and conflicting findings have been reported due to the difficulty of conducting large-scale clinical trials. We also utilize logistic regression within each ethnic sub-population to determine the impact of demographic factors on cancer incidence, with a particular focus on the role of vitamin D. This study provides a framework for using classification models to understand relative variable importance when dealing with imbalanced data.
The role of dietary fatty acid intake in inflammatory gene expression: a critical review; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Diet is an important modifiable factor involved in obesity-induced inflammation. We reviewed clinical trials that assessed the effect of consumption of different fatty acids on the expression of inflammation-related genes, such as cytokines, adipokines, chemokines and transcription factors.
Management of cardiovascular co-morbidities in young patients with early onset psychosis: State of the art and therapeutic perspectives; Patients with psychiatric disorders have a decrease in their life expectancy. Excess mortality of patients with schizophrenia was demonstrated by a meta-analysis in the late 1990s and has not decreased for the past 30 years. A recent meta-analysis including nearly 250,000 patients with schizophrenia founda n average decrease in life expectancy of 14.5 years (CI95: 11,2-17,8), more important for men than for women: 15.9 (CI95: 13,8-18,0) vs 13.6 (CI95: 11,4-15,8). A closer look at the somatic comorbidities, including metabolic syndrome, and investigation of causes of death of these patients highlighted already well-known factors, namely late diagnosis and insufficient treatment of physical diseases, side effects of antipsychotics, unhealthy lifestyle (poor diet, smoking, excessive alcohol consumption and lack of exercise), and higher risk of suicide and accident. Concerning ultra-high risk (UHR) patients, a 2016 metaanalysis of 47 studies evaluated the cardiovascular risk factors. They reported a higher prevalence of smoking in UHR (odds ratio 2,3) and a lower level of physical activity associated with a normal BMI (Body Mass Index) compared to the control population. A meta-analysis about patients with a first episode of psychosis (FEP) found reduced total and LDL cholesterol levels and an increased triglyceride level compared to the control population. One study found alteration of the fasting plasmatic levels of glucose and insulin, as well as insulin resistance in FEP patients, compared to controls albeit the HbA1c level was not significantly different. A meta-analysis reported a prevalence of metabolic syndrome of 10 % in FEP or drugnaive patients versus 35 % and 20 % in treated and untreated patients with chronic schizophrenia respectively. Somatic comorbidities usually appear during the first two years of the disease. Some interventionshave proven their efficacy in reducing the occurrence of metabolic syndrome and other cardiovascularrisk factors. For instance, metformin, a treatment for type 2 diabetes that is allowed from the age of 10, has shown benefits in children and adolescents receiving second-generation antipsychotics in a recent metaanalysis, with a mean weight loss of 3.23 kg (IC95 % -5.59 -0.86) after 16 weeks. Dietary-hygienic interventions are also effective in reducing cardiovascular risk. Other interventions such as omega-3 supplementation, vitamin D, N-acetylcysteine, and fasting have not proven to be effective. Comprehensive care programs have been developed to promote somatic care in psychiatric patients, such as the Canadian HeAL (Healthy Active Lives) program. These programs are more effective when proposed from the beginning of the disease and the introduction of antipsychotics. In this review, because there is no Frenchre commendation, we translate a tool for the prescription of metformin and the Canadian recommendations from the HeAL program. Generalization of these programs to all young psychotic patients couldimprove their life expectancy and reduce the overall mortality. Prevention of cardiovascular risk factorsand cardio-metabolic monitoring of treatments must be part of the standard of care in early psychosis. These programs aim at providing patients with the quality of somatic and mental care they are entitled to. This requires the involvement of all stakeholders, including patients and their families but also psychiatrists and other caregivers. (C) 2020 L'Encephale, Paris.
Variability in Macro- and Micronutrients of 15 Commercially Available Microalgae Powders; The nutrient composition of 15 commercially available microalgae powders of Arthrospira platensis, Chlorella pyrenoidosa and vulgaris, Dunaliella salina, Haematococcus pluvialis, Tetraselmis chuii, and Aphanizomenon flos-aquae was analyzed. The Dunaliella salina powders were characterized by a high content of carbohydrates, saturated fatty acids (SFAs), omega-6-polyunsaturated fatty acids (n6-PUFAs), heavy metals, and alpha-tocopherol, whereas the protein amounts, essential amino acids (EAAs), omega-3-PUFAs (n3-PUFAs), vitamins, and minerals were low. In the powder of Haematococcus pluvialis, ten times higher amounts of carotenoids compared to all other analyzed powders were determined, yet it was low in vitamins D and E, protein, and EAAs, and the n6/n3-PUFAs ratio was comparably high. Vitamin B-12, quantified as cobalamin, was below 0.02 mg/100 g dry weight (d.w.) in all studied powders. Based on our analysis, microalgae such as Aphanizomenon and Chlorella may contribute to an adequate intake of critical nutrients such as protein with a high content of EAAs, dietary fibers, n3-PUFAs, Ca, Fe, Mg, and Zn, as well as vitamin D and E. Yet, the nutritional value of Aphanizomenon flos-aquae was slightly decreased by high contents of SFAs. The present data show that microalgae are rich in valuable nutrients, but the macro- and micronutrient profiles differ strongly between and within species.
Protective nutrients; Recognition that specific nutrients can be beneficial when consumed in amounts above the accepted daily requirements has provided a major impetus for the critical examination of dietary approaches with single or multiple nutrient supplements chosen to modulate the inflammatory response, enhance immune function, or improve the blood-gut barrier. Patients suffering the effects of hypercatabolism caused by surgery, cancer, or extensive burns are prime candidates for immunonutrition, as the intervention has come to be known, as are immunosuppressed patients with the human immunodeficiency virus or other overwhelming infections. This review focuses on key nutrients used in clinical trials for which a body of information on the mode of action and metabolic pathways is available. The topics covered include the amino acids, glutamine and arginine; omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexanoic acid; vitamin A; and zinc. Lastly, we address the area of pre- and probiotics and how "friendly" microorganisms are being incorporated into therapeutic regimens aimed at sustaining health. The use of immunonutrition requires judicious consideration of the potential undesirable effects of certain additives in clinical settings where enhanced immune responsiveness can translate into tissue damage and altered mucosal defenses. (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins, Inc.
Ebselen inhibition of apoptosis by reduction of peroxides; We investigated the capacity of ebselen [2-phenyl-1,2-benzisoselenazol-3 (2H)-one], a glutathione peroxidase mimic, to protect cells from radiation-induced apoptosis. Incubating mouse thymocytes with 25 mu M ebselen immediately after Co-60 gamma-radiation exposure (5 Gy) inhibited morphological changes associated with apoptosis. Treatment of thymocytes with ebselen before, during, or after irradiation completely blocked internucleosomal DNA fragmentation, a biochemical marker for apoptosis. We measured peroxides formed in cells during and after irradiation, using the oxidation-sensitive fluorescent probe 2',7'-dichlorofluorescin diacetate. By 2 min postirradiation, levels of peroxides in irradiated thymocytes were approximately 10-11 times greater than those in the same cells before irradiation, and levels continued to increase with time. We also measured membrane lipid peroxidation using cis-parinaric acid, a naturally fluorescent polyunsaturated fatty acid that readily incorporates into cell membranes. The oxidation of cis-parinaric acid also began soon after irradiation and increased with time. Peroxide generation and membrane lipid peroxidation preceded both internucleosomal DNA fragmentation and morphological changes characteristic of apoptosis. Treatment of cells with ebselen reduced peroxide levels and appeared to protect thymocytes from radiation-induced apoptosis by scavenging peroxides generated during and after irradiation. The results suggest that peroxide generation and membrane lipid peroxidation may be important signaling events that trigger apoptosis in irradiated cells.
Vegetarianism during pregnancy: Risks and benefits; Background: During pregnancy, women face continuous nutritional challenges. Although it is a personal choice, the adoption of a vegetarian dietary pattern during pregnancy must be regarded as a situation that may be associated with some risks and benefits for the mother and the fetus.
Lipid-protein interactions regulating the canonical and the non-canonical NLRP3 inflammasome; The inflammatory response is a complex regulated effector mechanism of the innate immune system that is initiated after tissue injury or infection. The NLRP3 inflammasome is an important initiator of inflammation by regulating the activation of caspase-1, the maturation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the induction of pyroptotic cell death. Numerous studies demonstrate that the NLRP3 inflammasome could be modulated by lipids, existing a relation between lipids and the activation of different inflammatory processes. In this review we will summarize how the mechanism of NLRP3 inflammasome activation is regulated by different lipids and how these lipids control specific cellular localization of NLRP3 during activation. Although being a cytosolic protein, NLRP3 interacts with lipids accessible in neighbor membranes. Also, the modulation of NLRP3 by endogenous lipids has been found causative of different metabolic diseases and bacterial-pathogenic lipids lead to NLRP3 activation during infection. The understanding of the modulation of the NLRP3 inflammasome by lipids has resulted not only in a better knowledge about the mechanism of NLRP3 activation and its implication in disease, but also opens a new avenue for the development of novel therapeutics and vaccines, as NLRP3 could be modulated by synthetic lipids used as adjuvants.
Metabolomic profiling reveals key metabolites associated with hypertension progression; Introduction Pre-hypertension is a prevalent condition among the adult population worldwide. It is characterized by asymptomatic elevations in blood pressure beyond normal levels but not yet reaching the threshold for hypertension. If left uncontrolled, pre-hypertension can progress to hypertension, thereby increasing the risk of serious complications such as heart disease, stroke, kidney damage, and others. Objective The precise mechanisms driving the progression of hypertension remain unknown. Thus, identifying the metabolic changes associated with this condition can provide valuable insights into potential markers or pathways implicated in the development of hypertension. Methods In this study, we utilized untargeted metabolomics profiling, which examines over 1,000 metabolites to identify novel metabolites contributing to the progression from pre-hypertension to hypertension. Data were collected from 323 participants through Qatar Biobank. Results By comparing metabolic profiles between pre-hypertensive, hypertensive and normotensive individuals, six metabolites including stearidonate, hexadecadienoate, N6-carbamoylthreonyladenosine, 9 and 13-S-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid (HODE), 2,3-dihydroxy-5-methylthio- 4-pentenoate (DMTPA), and linolenate were found to be associated with increased risk of hypertension, in both discovery and validation cohorts. Moreover, these metabolites showed a significant diagnostic performance with area under curve >0.7. Conclusion These findings suggest possible biomarkers that can predict the risk of progression from pre-hypertension to hypertension. This will aid in early detection, diagnosis, and management of this disease as well as its associated complications.
Dietary fish intake and sleep quality: a population-based study; Background/Objectives: Due to the content of omega-3 and vitamin D, fish consumption is likely to be associated with better sleep. However, current data are limited to a single study that is not representative of the population at large. The present study aimed to assess the effects of oily fish consumption on sleep quality in community dwelling adults living in rural coastal Ecuador.
Docosahexaenoic acid prevents apoptosis of retina photoreceptors by activating the ERK/MAPK pathway; Identifying the trophic factors for retina photoreceptors and the intracellular pathways activated to promote cell survival is crucial for treating retina neurodegenerative diseases. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the major retinal polyunsaturated fatty acid, prevents photoreceptor apoptosis during early development in vitro, and upon oxidative stress. However, the signaling mechanisms activated by DHA are still unclear. We investigated whether the extracellular signal regulated kinase (ERK)/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) or the phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) pathway participated in DHA protection. 1,4-Diamino-2,3-dicyano-1,4-bis(2-aminophynyltio) butadiene (U0126), a specific MEK inhibitor, completely blocked the DHA anti-apoptotic effect. DHA rapidly increased ERK phosphorylation in photoreceptors, whereas U0126 blocked this increase. U0126 hindered DHA prevention of mitochondrial depolarization, and blocked the DHA-induced increase in opsin expression. On the contrary, PI3K inhibitors did not diminish the DHA protective effect. DHA promoted the early expression of Bcl-2, decreased Bax expression and reduced caspase-3 activation in photoreceptors. These results suggest that DHA exclusively activates the ERK/MAPK pathway to promote photoreceptor survival during early development in vitro and upon oxidative stress. This leads to the regulation of Bcl-2 and Bax expression, thus preserving mitochondrial membrane potential and inhibiting caspase activation. Hence, DHA, a lipid trophic factor, promotes photoreceptor survival and differentiation by activating the same signaling pathways triggered by peptidic trophic factors.
Role of CaMKII in the regulation of fatty acids and lipid metabolism; Background & aims: Previous studies have reported the beneficial roles of the activation of calmodulindependent protein kinase (CaMK)II to many cellular functions associated with human health. This review aims at discussing its activation by exercise as well as its roles in the regulation of unsaturated, saturated, omega 3 fatty acids, and lipid metabolism.
Ancestry-driven metabolite variation provides insights into disease states in admixed populations; BackgroundMetabolic pathways are related to physiological functions and disease states and are influenced by genetic variation and environmental factors. Hispanics/Latino individuals have ancestry-derived genomic regions (local ancestry) from their recent admixture that have been less characterized for associations with metabolite abundance and disease risk.MethodsWe performed admixture mapping of 640 circulating metabolites in 3887 Hispanic/Latino individuals from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Metabolites were quantified in fasting serum through non-targeted mass spectrometry (MS) analysis using ultra-performance liquid chromatography-MS/MS. Replication was performed in 1856 nonoverlapping HCHS/SOL participants with metabolomic data.ResultsBy leveraging local ancestry, this study identified significant ancestry-enriched associations for 78 circulating metabolites at 484 independent regions, including 116 novel metabolite-genomic region associations that replicated in an independent sample. Among the main findings, we identified Native American enriched genomic regions at chromosomes 11 and 15, mapping to FADS1/FADS2 and LIPC, respectively, associated with reduced long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolites implicated in metabolic and inflammatory pathways. An African-derived genomic region at chromosome 2 was associated with N-acetylated amino acid metabolites. This region, mapped to ALMS1, is associated with chronic kidney disease, a disease that disproportionately burdens individuals of African descent.ConclusionsOur findings provide important insights into differences in metabolite quantities related to ancestry in admixed populations including metabolites related to regulation of lipid polyunsaturated fatty acids and N-acetylated amino acids, which may have implications for common diseases in populations.
Influence of toll-like receptor 4 gene variants and plasma fatty acid profile on systemic inflammation: A population-based cross-sectional study; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the interaction of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) gene single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) and plasma fatty acid (FA) profile in modulating risk for systemic inflammation.
Nutritional Evaluation of Australian Microalgae as Potential Human Health Supplements; This study investigated the biochemical suitability of Australian native microalgal species Scenedesmus sp., Nannochloropsis sp., Dunaliella sp., and a chlorophytic polyculture as nutritional supplements for human health. The four microalgal cultures were harvested during exponential growth, lyophilized, and analysed for proximate composition (moisture, ash, lipid, carbohydrates, and protein), pigments, and amino acid and fatty acid profiles. The resulting nutritional value, based on biochemical composition, was compared to commercial Spirulina and Chlorella products. The Australian native microalgae exhibited similar, and in several cases superior, organic nutritional properties relative to the assessed commercial products, with biochemical profiles rich in high-quality protein, nutritious polyunsaturated fats (such as a-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid), and antioxidant pigments. These findings indicate that the microalgae assessed have great potential as multi-nutrient human health supplements.
CONSUMPTION OF NUTS AND VEGETAL OIL IN PEOPLE WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS; Introduction: recent studies have demonstrated the cardiovascular benefits of the Mediterranean Diet, enriched with olive oil and nuts. People with diabetes, who have an increased risk of cardiovascular complications, could benefit greatly from following this type of eating pattern.
Low linolenic and linoleic acid consumption are associated with chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes; Aim
No Observed Difference in Inflammatory and Coagulation Markers Following Diets Rich in n-6 Polyunsaturated Fat vs Monounsaturated Fat in Adults With Untreated Hypercholesterolemia: A Randomized Trial; Background: Inflammatory and prothrombotic responses are hallmark to the progression of cardiovascular disease and may be influenced by the type of dietary fat. Cottonseed oil (CSO) is rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fats and improves traditional cardiovascular disease risk factors such as cholesterol profiles. However, some clinicians are still hesitant to promote n-6 polyunsaturated fats consumption despite growing evidence suggesting they may not be independently pro-inflammatory. Objective: To investigate the inflammatory and coagulation marker responses to an 8-week diet intervention rich in either CSO or olive oil (OO) (OO is rich in monounsaturated fat) in adults with untreated hypercholesterolemia. Design: This was a secondary analysis of a parallel-arm randomized clinical trial with the main outcome of cholesterol measures. Participants/setting: Participants included in this analysis were 42 sedentary adults aged 30 to 75 years (62% women) in the Athens, GA, area, between May 2018 and June 2021, with untreated hypercholesterolemia or elevated blood lipids and body mass index >18.5. Hypercholesterolemia was defined as at least two blood lipid levels in a borderline undesirable/at risk range (total cholesterol level >= 180 mg/dL, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level >= 110 mg/dL, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level <50 mg/dL, or triglyceride level >= 130 mg/dL), or at least one in an undesirable range (total cholesterol level >= 240 mg/dL, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level >= 160 mg/dL, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level <40 mg/dL, or triglyceride level >= 200 mg/dL). Intervention: Participants were randomly assigned to either the CSO or OO group in a partial outpatient feeding trial. Meals from the study provided approximately 60% of their energy needs with 30% of energy needs from either CSO or OO for 8 weeks. Participants fulfilled their remaining energy needs with meals of their choosing. Main outcome measures: Fasting plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, including C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interleukin-1 beta were measured at baseline and 8 weeks. Markers of coagulation potential, including plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and tissue factor were measured at the same time points. Statistical analyses performed: Repeated measures linear mixed models were used with treatment and visit in the model for analyses of all biochemical markers. Results: There were no significant differences in fasting C-reactive protein (P = 0.70), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.98), interleukin-6 (P = 0.21), interleukin-1 beta (P = 0.13), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (P = 0.29), or tissue factor (P = 0.29) between groups across the intervention. Conclusions: Inflammation and coagulation marker responses to diets rich in CSO vs OO were not significantly different between groups, and neither group showed changes in these markers in adults with untreated hypercholesterolemia. This provides additional evidence suggesting that dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fats may not promote inflammation compared with monounsaturated fatty acids, even in adults at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Mechanisms of Action of Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Bladder Cancer Cells In Vitro: Alterations in Mitochondrial Metabolism, Reactive Oxygen Species Generation and Apoptosis Induction; Purpose: Eicosapentaenoic acid has been tested in bladder cancer as a synergistic cytotoxic agent in the form of meglumine-eicosapentaenoic acid, although its mechanism of action is poorly understood in this cancer. The current study analyzed the mechanisms by which eicosapentaenoic acid alters T24/83 human bladder cancer metabolism in vitro.
Targeting a Braf/Mapk pathway rescues podocyte lipid peroxidation in CoQ-deficiency kidney disease; Mutations affecting mitochondrial coenzyme Q (CoQ) biosynthesis lead to kidney failure due to selective loss of podocytes, essential cells of the kidney filter. Curiously, neighboring tubular epithelial cells are spared early in disease despite higher mitochondria! content, We sought to illuminate noncanonical, cell-specific roles for CoQ, independently of the electron transport chain (ETC). Here, we demonstrate that CoQ depletion caused by Pdss2 enzyme deficiency in podocytes results in perturbations in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism and the Braf/Mapk pathway rather than ETC dysfunction. Single-nucleus RNA-Seq from kidneys of Pdss2(kd/kd) mice with nephrotic syndrome and global CoQ deficiency identified a podocyte-specific perturbation of the Braf/Mapk pathway. Treatment with GDC-0879, a Braf/Mapk-targeting compound, ameliorated kidney disease in Pdss2(kd/kd) mice. Mechanistic studies in Pdss2-depleted podocytes revealed a previously unknown perturbation in PUFA metabolism that was confirmed in vivo. Gpx4, an enzyme that protects against PUFA-mediated lipid peroxidation, was elevated in disease and restored after GDC-0879 treatment. We demonstrate broader human disease relevance by uncovering patterns of GPX4 and Braf/Mapk pathway gene expression in tissue from patients with kidney diseases. Our studies reveal ETC-independent roles for CoQ in podocytes and point to Braf/Mapk as a candidate pathway for the treatment of kidney diseases.
Interfacial & colloidal aspects of lipid digestion; Amongst the main issues challenging the food manufacturing sector, health and nutrition are becoming increasingly important. Global concerns such as obesity, the ageing population and food security will have to be addressed. Food security is not just about assuring food supply, but is also about optimising nutritional delivery from the food that is available [1]. Therefore one challenge is to optimise the health benefits from the lipids and lipid soluble nutrients.
Long-term clinical outcomes and management of hypertriglyceridemia in children with Apo-CII deficiency; Background and aim: APO CII, one of several cofactors which regulate lipoprotein lipase enzyme activity, plays an essential role in lipid metabolism. Deficiency of APO CII is an ultra-rare autosomal recessive cause of familial chylomicronemia syndrome. We present the long-term clinical outcomes of 12 children with APO CII deficiency. Methods and results: The data of children with genetically confirmed APO CII deficiency were evaluated retrospectively. Twelve children (8 females) with a mean follow-up of 10.1 years (+3.9) were included. At diagnosis, the median age was 60 days (13 days-10 years). Initial clinical findings included lipemic serum (41.6%), abdominal pain (41.6%), and vomiting (16.6%). At presentation, the median triglyceride (TG) value was 4341 mg/dL (range 1277-14,110). All patients were treated with a restricted fat diet, medium-chain triglyceride (MCT), and omega-3-fatty acids. In addition, seven patients (58.3%) received fibrate. Fibrate was discontinued in two patients due to rhabdomyolysis and in one patient because of cholelithiasis. Seven (58.3%) patients experienced pancreatitis during the follow-up period. One female experienced recurrent pancreatitis and was treated with fresh frozen plasma (FFP). Conclusions: Apo CII deficiency is an ultra-rare autosomal recessive condition of hypertriglyceridemia associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Low-fat diet and MCT supplementation are the mainstays of therapy, while the benefit of TG-lowering agents are less well-defined. (c) 2024 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Parenteral nutrition providing a restricted amount of linoleic acid in severely burned patients:: a randomised double-blind study of an olive oil-based lipid emulsion <i>v</i>. medium/long-chain triacylglycerols; It has been claimed that lipid emulsions with a restricted linoleic acid content can improve the safety of total parenteral nutrition (TPN). The tolerability of TPN and its effects on the metabolism of fatty acids were assessed in this prospective, double-blind, randomised study comparing an olive/soyabean oil long-chain triacylglycerol (LCT) with a medium-chain triacylglycerol (MCT)/LCT; 50:50 (w) based lipid emulsion in two groups (O and M, respectively; eleven per group) of severely burned patients. After resuscitation (48-72 h), patients received TPN providing 147 kJ/kg per d (35 kcal/kg per d) with fat (1.3 g/kg per d) for 6 d Plasma fatty acids, laboratory parameters including liver function tests, and plasma cytokines were assessed before and after TPN. Adverse events encountered during TPN and the clinical outcomes of patients within the subsequent 6 months were recorded. With both lipid emulsions, the conversion of linoleic acid in its higher derivatives (di-homo-gamma-linolenic acid) improved and essential fatty acid deficiency did not appear. Abnormalities of liver function tests occurred more frequently in the M (nine) than in the O (three) group (P=0.04, Suissa-Shuster test). Seven patients (four from group O and three from group M) died as a consequence of severe sepsis 3-37 d after completion of the 6 d TPN period. When compared with the surviving patients, those who died were older (P=0.01) and hyperglycaemic at baseline (P < 0.001), and their plasma IL-6 levels continued to increase (P < 0.04). Although fatty acid metabolism and TPN tolerability were similar with both lipid emulsions, the preservation of liver function noted with the use of the olive oil-based lipid emulsions deserves confirmation.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on the contraction of intact, and spontaneous contraction of chemically permeabilized mammalian ventricular myocytes; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids appear to protect the heart from ischaemia-induced arrhythmias. We have used single adult guinea-pig and rat ventricular myocytes to investigate the effects of the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid on, (i) the L-type Ca2+ current, (ii) twitch contraction, and (iii) the spontaneous mechanical activity induced in chemically skinned myocytes by an elevation of the superfusing [Ca2+]. Eicosapentaenoic acid reduced the size of the L-type Ca2+ current in a dose-dependent manner in myocytes from both species. Inclusion of delipidated bovine serum albumin (BSA) to the Tyrode, which binds eicosapentaenoic acid, completely reversed the inhibition of the Ca2+ current in both guinea-pig and rat cells, The effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on contraction were species dependent. In guinea-pig myocytes ii. produced a reduction in contraction size which was complex, being described by three phases. In rat cells there was an initial increase in the size of contractions, followed by a simple reduction in contraction strength, Delipidated BSA completely reversed these effects in rat cells but only partially restored twitch contraction in guinea-pig cells (60%), In saponin permeabilized cells, the frequency of the spontaneous activity evoked by elevation of [Ca2+] was reduced by micromolar concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid in cells from both species. The reduction in the amplitude of contractions caused by eicosapentaenoic acid can be explained by an inhibition of the L-type Ca2+ current, and by a reduction in Ca2+ released from the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR), The inhibition of the release of Ca2+ from the SR reduces the frequency of [Ca2+] dependent spontaneous contractions in chemically skinned guinea-pig and rat ventricular myocytes, (C) 1999 Academic Press.
Serum lipid concentrations and mean life span are modulated by dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids in the senescence-accelerated mouse; The senescence-accelerated mouse (SAMP8) is an animal model used in studies of aging. This study was undertaken to investigate the effects of dietary PUFA on longevity (Experiment 1) and serum lipid concentrations (Experiment 2) in SAMP8 mice. Male mice were fed either an (n-3) PUFA-rich (9 g/100 g perilla oil) or an (n-6) PUFA-rich (9 g/100 g safflower oil) diet beginning at 6 wk of age. Experiment 1. The groups did not differ in body weight gain, but those fed perilla oil had significantly lower scores of senescence relative to those fed safflower oil (P < 0.05). The mean life span of mice fed perilla oil was 357 +/- 21d and of those fed safflower oil, 426 +/- 24 d (P < 0.05). Pathological studies revealed that the incidence of tumors was significantly lower in the perilla oil group than in the safflower oil group (P < 0.05). Approximately half the mice fed perilla oil had died after 10 mo, and the direct causes closely connected with death could not be specified. Experiment 2: The serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride and phospholipid concentrations were significantly lower in the perilla oil group than in the safflower oil group (P < 0.01). A marked decrease of serum HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-II (ApoA-II) concentrations in advanced age were observed in the mice fed perilla oil (P ( 0.01). Ten-month-old mice fed perilla oil had a significantly greater ratio of apolipoprotein A-I (ApoA-I) to ApoA-II than those fed safflower oil. Separation of HDL subfractions revealed that the smaller HDL species were much more abundant than the larger HDL species in both dietary oil groups. These findings suggest that dietary (n-3) and (n-6) PUFA differ in their effects on serum lipid metabolism which may modulate the mean life span of SAMP8 mice fed each dietary oil.
Changes in the Fatty Acid Profile and Phospholipid Molecular Species Composition of Human Erythrocyte Membranes after Hybrid Palm and Extra Virgin Olive Oil Supplementation; This work aims to evaluate and compare, for the first time, the effects of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and hybrid palm oil (HPO) supplementation on the fatty acid profile and phospholipid (PL) molecular species composition of human erythrocyte membranes. Results supported the effectiveness of both HPO and EVOO supplementation (3 months, 25 mL/day) in decreasing the lipophilic index of erythrocytes with no significant differences between HPO and EVOO groups at month 3. On the other hand, the novel and rapid ultraperformance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry method used for PL analysis reveals an increase in the levels of phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine species esterified with polyunsaturated fatty acids. This work demonstrates the ability of both EVOO and HPO to increase the degree of unsaturation of erythrocyte membrane lipids with an improvement in membrane fluidity that could be associated with a lower risk of developing cardiovascular diseases.
Docosahexaenoic acid accumulation in the prenatal brain -: <i>Prooxidant and antioxidant features</i>; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 n-3) is the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (FA) in the adult rat brain and it accumulates significantly more than any other FA prior to birth. Under normal nutritional conditions, fetal-brain DHA accumulation is substantial, with a "DHA accretion spurt" being demonstrated in the last period of gestation. Under stress conditions, this spurt may be harmful owing to an increase in multiple double-bond targets for lipid peroxidation. The "DHA accretion spurt" is supported by the maternal supply of DHA or its precursor. Under maternal dietary n-3 FA deficiency, DHA content in the fetal brain can be restored by direct intraamniotic injection of mM concentrations of ethyl-DHA (Et-DHA). This approach may hold a potential advantage in the event of maternal-fetal insufficiency, a stress that may cause intrauterine growth retardation. It also revealed a potential beneficial effect after in utero ischemic stress; brain slices from Et-DHA-treated fetuses formed less oxidation products, as detected by thiobarbituric acid (TBA), compared to controls. Furthermore, brain-lipid extracts from Et-DHA but not ethyl-oleate treated fetuses, exhibited hydroxyl radical scavenging activity, as demonstrated by electron spin-resonance technique. Part of the beneficial effect of Et-DHA administration on the fetal brain may be attributed to enhanced free-radical scavenging capability, a phenomenon not directly related to vitamin E or lipid-soluble antioxidant levels.
15-Hydroxyeicosatrienoic acid (15-HETrE) suppresses epidermal hyperproliferation via the modulation of nuclear transcription factor (AP-1) and apoptosis; The purpose of this study was to ascertain whether the antiproliferative effect of 15-hydroxy-eicosatrienoic acid (15-HETrE), a monohydroxy fatty acid generated from dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, in an experimentally induced guinea pig hyperproliferative model involves alterations in nuclear transcription factor (AP-1) and apoptosis, The topical application of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to normal guinea pig skin elicited a severe hyperplasia which was accompanied by the suppression of AP-1 expression in a time-dependent manner. Since apoptosis Is pivotal in tissue turnover, the expression of two apoptotic proteins (Bcl-2 and caspase-3) after DHA and 15-HETrE treatment was explored. DHA-induced hyperproliferation enhanced the expression of Bcl-2 (an antiapoptotic protein) but inhibited the expression of caspase-3 tan apoptotic protein). 15-HETrE, on the other hand, reversed the DHA-induced epidermal hyperplasia, and upregulated epidermal AP-1 expression. These events paralleled the suppression of Bcl-2 and the elevation of caspase-3. Taken together, these results suggest that the antiproliferative effect of 15-HETrE may, at least in part, be via the modulation of AP-1 and apoptosis.
Nuts as Part of a Healthy Cardiovascular Diet; The increasing trend of obesity has been associated with a greater prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and may lead to more vascular disease. Nuts, a rich source of monounsaturated fatty acids and fiber, have been shown to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Numerous studies have demonstrated that nuts favorably affect serum lipids. They also exhibit a number of non-lipid benefits, including improved weight management, greater insulin sensitivity, and favorable endothelial effects, as well as having anti-inflammatory properties. Incorporating nuts into the diets of more people may lead to a variety of cardiovascular benefits.
Improved nutritional support with immune-modulating formula in patients with head and neck and esophageal cancer undergoing radiochemotherapy: A retrospective clinical study; Background and Objectives: Malnutrition is frequent in patients with head and neck (HN) and esophageal cancer, aggravated by radiochemotherapy (RCT), and increases morbidity and mortality and treatment toxicity. Recent studies suggest that the immune, nutritional, or inflammatory status can be modulated by the use of pharmaconutrients in RCT-treated patients. In this study, the effect of immunonutrition, including arginine,omega-3 fatty acid, and nucleotide enriched diet, on nutritional status in patients with HN or esophageal cancer undergoing RCT was investigated. Methods and Study Design: A retrospective review of 88 patients undergoing RCT was conducted. Either an immune-modulating enteral nutrition (IEN) (Impact formula) or a standard enteral nutrition (SEN) (isonitrogenous and isoenergetic formula) was administered. Anthropometric parameters, nutritional risk index (NRI), serum albumin, and functional capacity were recorded at the beginning and end of the RCT. Results: Approximately 45% of patients were moderate to severely malnourished (NRI <97.5) at the beginning of the RCT in the SEN (n=19) and IEN (n=21) groups alike. Significant improvement was observed in the NRI of malnourished patients of the IEN group (97.3 +/- 11.9 vs 98.0 +/- 12.0, p=0.021). Additionally, a significant difference in the body weight (BW) between the two groups was observed, and BW increased (65.4 +/- 14.8 kg vs 66.3 +/- 14.3 kg, p=0.03) in the IEM group but decreased (62.3 +/- 12.3 kg vs 61.7 +/- 12.0 kg, p=0.023) in the SEM group. Conclusions: Pharmaconutrient-enriched IEN had a more potent effect than SEN in preventing deterioration of nutritional status during RCT.
An increased intake of nutrients, fruits, and green vegetables was negatively related to the risk of arthritis and osteoarthritis development in the aging population; Daily food intake plays an important role in the pathogenesis of arthritis. However, an association between arthritis, food intake, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk remains unclear. We hypothesized that higher intakes of nutrients, fruits, and vegetables are associated with a lower risk of arthritis, osteoarthritis (OA), and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in the Korean population with various comorbidities. This study aims to identify the association between arthritis, OA, RA, food intake, and CVD risk among the elderly population. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 33,966 eligible subjects aged > 50 years who completed the 2009- 2019 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Logistic regression was used to identify associations between the presence of arthritis, OA, and RA and risk factors and to predict risks of arthritis, OA, and RA based on marginal effects. The prevalence of arthritis (odds ratio [OR] 1.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.15-1.37) and OA (OR 1.24; 95% CI, 1.14-1.36) were significantly higher among individuals with a high risk of CVDs compared with those with low risk. A 2-fold increase in daily vitamin B1, B2, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and n-3 fatty acid consumption is associated with a significantly lower risk of arthritis and OA development. The ORs for high consumption of fruit were 0.72 (0.54-0.95) in arthritis, and 0.70 (0.52-0.94) in OA, in comparison with the low-consumption group. Furthermore, the OR for high consumption of green vegetables was 0.74 (0.55-0.98) in arthritis. Of note, people who have arthritis, or OA, have a significantly increased CVD risk. In conclusion, high consumption of nutrients, fruits, and vegetables was found to be associated with the pres-ence of arthritis and OA. More research is needed to explore whether interactions between intake of nutrients, fruits, and vegetables affect the presence of arthritis, OA, and CVDs. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enteral nutritional supplementation with key nutrients in patients with critical illness and cancer - A meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Objective To conduct a meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials comparing enteral nutritional support supplemented with key nutrients versus standard enteral nutritional support to determine effects on morbidity and mortality rates and hospital stay.
Serum phospholipid and cholesteryl ester fatty acids and estimated desaturase activities are related to overweight and cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents; Aim/hypothesis: The objective of this study was to describe the relation of serum fatty acids and desaturase activity (DA) to overweight, insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in adolescents.
EPA Modulates KLK Genes via miR-378: A Potential Therapy in Prostate Cancer; Simple Summary Castration resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) is one of the most pestilent form of prostate cancer (PCa), accounting for approximately 10-20% of all PCas, which carry poor mortality and morbidity rates. The focus in this study is on EPA, a natural supplement commonly found in fish oils. EPA induces the expression of PGC-1 beta gene and co-expresses miR-378 in cells, a nucleic acid sequence that inhibits PCa cell proliferation. This significance is highlighted in this study as a potential adjunctive therapy for all stages of PCa including CRPC. It is known that miRNA-378a-3p (miR-378) could be induced by eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 fatty acid. Herein, we first demonstrated how miR-378 exerts anti-prostate cancer (PCa) actions by influencing multiple target genes, including KLK2, KLK4, KLK6, and KLK14, which are implicated in PCa development, cell proliferation, and cell survival. Furthermore, these genes also correlate with androgen and mTOR signaling transduction, and are considered pivotal pathways for the onset and progression of PCa. In total, four PCa cell lines and eight pairing tissues (tumor vs. normal) from clinical PCa patients were included in the current study. The results showed high significance after EPA induced tumor cells containing higher expression levels of miR-378, and led the PCa cells having low cell viabilities, and they progressed to apoptosis when compared with normal prostate cells (p < 0.001). The findings indicated that EPA might become a potential therapy for PCa, especially because it is derived from the components of natural fish oil; it may prove to be a great help for solving the problem of castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC).
ROLE OF LIPID-PEROXIDATION AND DNA DAMAGE IN PARAQUAT TOXICITY AND THE INTERACTION OF PARAQUAT WITH IONIZING-RADIATION; Since the introduction of paraquat (PQ) as a herbicide in 1963, there have been many speculations concerning the critical lesion in PQ toxicity. Damage to membrane lipids might be an initial event leading to PQ-induced cell killing. The ability of PQ to induce lipid peroxidation was tested in liver homogenates of the mouse. Lipid peroxidation was indeed induced by PQ and shown to be dose dependent, starting to be significant at 2.5 mM. Subsequently, a possible correlation between lipid peroxidation and PQ-induced cell death was investigated in mouse fibroblasts (LM) and Ehrlich ascites tumour (EAT) cells using a clonogenic assay. It was found that in order to be cytotoxic PQ needs enzymatic activation (incubation at 37-degrees). In both cell lines. PQ-induced cell killing appeared to be dose dependent. starting at a dose of 0.5 mM. Supplementation of LM cells with the antioxidant vitamin E had no effect on PQ-induced cell killing and modification of the membranes of LM cells by incorporation of the polyunsaturated fatty acid 20:4 (arachidonic acid) did not sensitize the cells to PQ toxicity. PQ had no effect on the glutathione (GSH) level in EAT cells and complete GSH depletion by DL-buthionine-(SR)-sulfoximine could not sensitize the cells to PQ toxicity. In LM cells PQ-induced cell killing was enhanced after complete GSH depletion by DEM. This sensitization might, however, be attributed to the binding of DEM to proteins. From these results it seems unlikely that lipid peroxidation is the primary cause for PQ-induced cell killing. Another critical target in PQ toxicity is DNA. This possibility was investigated in EAT cells. PQ was found to induce DNA damage (detected by the alkaline unwinding assay) in the same dose range that caused cell death. A good correlation was obtained for cell killing after PQ treatment and DNA damage measured 2 hr after 37-degrees post-incubation. A proposed possible interaction between PQ and X-rays was also investigated. In EAT cells, X-ray-induced cell death was significantly enhanced by pre-incubation with PQ at doses of 0.5 mM and above. At the level of 10% survival an enhancement factor of 1.6 could be observed by treatment with 1 mM PQ when cell killing by PQ is not taken into account. Induction as well as processing of radiation-induced DNA damage seems to be unaffected by pre-incubation with PQ. The mechanism of radiosensitization by PQ is vet unclear.
Evaluation of the modulatory effect of fish oil on Von Willebrand factor as an early marker of endothelial dysfunction in Streptozotocin diabetic rats; Diabetes mellitus is a complex disease characterized by chronic hyperglycaemia responsible for complications affecting micro- and macro vascular systems. Von Willebrand factor (vWf), a multimeric glycoprotein mainly synthesized by endothelial cells, is involved in platelet adhesion and aggregation and acts as the carrier of coagulation factor VIII in plasma. This study aimed to explore the role of vWF as an early marker of endothelial dysfunction as well as the modulatory effect of n-3 PUFA-rich dietary fish oil in improving endothelial dysfunction, vWF and lipid metabolism in streptozotocin diabetic rats. Forty albino rats were divided into four groups :control group, treated control group, diabetic group and treated diabetic group (received fish oil). Plasma vWF, glucose, insulin, lipid profile, interleukin-1beta (IL-1 beta), 5-lipoxygenase (5-LOX) and lipoxin A4 (LXA-4) were estimated. Our results revealed that using fish oil induced significant decrease in plasma level of vWF, glucose, 5-LOX and IL-1 beta, but it induced increment in LXA-4 and modulate lipid profile parameters. Increased level of vWF can be used as an early marker for detection of endothelial dysfunction in diabetes. Moreover, treatment with fish oil as a natural product may have significant effects on elevated levels of vWF and hence restore endothelial dysfunction in streptozotocin diabetics.
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID REQUIREMENT OF THE CHINESE PRAWN, PENAEUS-CHINENSIS; The aim of this study was to determine the essential fatty acid (EFA) requirement of one of the most important commercially cultured crustacean species in the world, Penaeus chinensis. Groups of 16 individually housed juvenile Chinese prawn were fed for 60 days with 12 semi-purified experimental diets. These diets were based on the crab-protein-concentrate Standard Reference Diet and contained either 5% of a mixture of tripalmitin (16:0) and triolein (18:1n-9) (EFA deficient control diet), or 4% of this mixture and a 1% supplement of various purified polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) or highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA). Prawns fed the EFA-deficient control diet suffered 100% mortality. The prawns fed a diet containing 1% trilinolenin (18:3n-3) had higher growth and longer survival than that of animals fed the diet containing 1% trilinolein (18:2n-6). Feeding a diet containing a mixture 0.5% of each of these lipids resulted in a greater growth rate and a 0.25:0.75 mixture of trilinolein and trilinolenin produced a greater survival than any other mixture or either purified fatty acid supplement alone. When the 18-carbon polyunsaturated fatty acid supplement was replaced with 1% of the triglyceride of arachidonic acid in the diet fed to prawns, however, the growth was about equal to that of prawns receiving 1% 18:3n-3 and survival was significantly higher than that of prawns fed any combination of 18:2n-6 or 18:3n-3 tested, while being less than that of prawns fed a diet containing 1% of the triglyceride of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3). The prawns fed the EFA-deficient control diet or any of the diets with 18:2n-6 or 18:3n-3 supplemented individually had extremely low body lipid levels. Mixtures of these two fatty acids or any combination of the n-6 or n-3 HUFA resulted in more normal body lipid levels, suggesting that both n-3 and n-6 type fatty acids might be required by the Chinese prawn. The fatty acid composition of the total body lipid reflected that of the experimental diets. Though 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 were not apparently desaturated and elongated to the physiologically important EFA members of the respective n-6 and n-3 series of fatty acids (20:4n-6, 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3), there was evidence for elongation of these acids to 20:2n-6 and 20:3n-3. The results indicate that the essential fatty acid values of the fatty acids in the diet of the Chinese prawn increased in the following order 18:2n-6 < 18:3n-3 < 20:4n-6 < 22:6n-3.
Nutrition in the prevention and control of osteoporosis; Objective: although osteoporosis develops in advanced stages of life, it must be prevented and stopped from the pediatric age, acting on modifiable factors, especially diet and lifestyle. The objective of this work is to review the latest evidence on nutritional improvements that can help in the prevention and control of the disease.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
Treatment of Alzheimer Disease; Alzheimer disease is the most common form of dementia, affecting more than one-third of Americans older than 85 years. It is characterized by progressive memory loss and cognitive decline. Amyloid plaque accumulation, neurofibrillary tau tangles, and depletion of acetylcholine are among the pathologic manifestations of Alzheimer disease. Although there are no proven modalities for preventing Alzheimer disease, hypertension treatment, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation, physical activity, and cognitive engagement demonstrate modest potential. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are first-line medications for the treatment of Alzheimer disease, and are associated with mild improvements in cognitive function, behavior, and activities of daily living; however, the clinical relevance of these effects is unclear. The most common adverse effects of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dizziness, confusion, and cardiac arrhythmias. Short-term use of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist memantine can modestly improve measures of cognition, behavior, and activities of daily living in patients with moderate to severe Alzheimer disease. Memantine can also be used in combination with acetylcholinesterase inhibitors. Memantine is generally well tolerated, but whether its benefits produce clinically meaningful improvement is controversial. Although N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists and acetylcholinesterase inhibitors can slow the progression of Alzheimer disease, no pharmacologic agents can reverse the progression. Atypical antipsychotics can improve some behavioral symptoms, but have been associated with increased mortality rates in older patients with dementia. There is conflicting evidence about the benefit of selegiline, testosterone, and ginkgo for the treatment of Alzheimer disease. There is no evidence supporting the beneficial effects of vitamin E, estrogen, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy. (Am Pam Physician. 2011;83 (12):1403-1412. Copyright (c) 2011 American Academy of Family Physicians.)
Myosteatosis in Cirrhosis: A Review of Diagnosis, Pathophysiological Mechanisms and Potential Interventions; Myosteatosis, or pathological excess fat accumulation in muscle, has been widely defined as a lower mean skeletal muscle radiodensity on computed tomography (CT). It is reported in more than half of patients with cirrhosis, and preliminary studies have shown a possible association with reduced survival and increased risk of portal hypertension complications. Despite the clinical implications in cirrhosis, a standardized definition for myosteatosis has not yet been established. Currently, little data exist on the mechanisms by which excess lipid accumulates within the muscle in individuals with cirrhosis. Hyperammonemia may play an important role in the pathophysiology of myosteatosis in this setting. Insulin resistance, impaired mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation, diminished lipid oxidation in muscle and age-related differentiation of muscle stem cells into adipocytes have been also been suggested as potential mechanisms contributing to myosteatosis. The metabolic consequence of ammonia-lowering treatments and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in reversing myosteatosis in cirrhosis remains uncertain. Factors including the population of interest, design and sample size, single/combined treatment, dosing and duration of treatment are important considerations for future trials aiming to prevent or treat myosteatosis in individuals with cirrhosis.
Co-delivery of doxorubicin, docosahexaenoic acid, and α-tocopherol succinate by nanostructured lipid carriers has a synergistic effect to enhance antitumor activity and reduce toxicity; Doxorubicin (DOX) is widely used in cancer treatment, however, its use is often limited due to its side effects. To avoid these shortcomings, the encapsulation of DOX into nanocarriers has been suggested. Herein, we proposed a novel nanostructured lipid carrier (NLC) formulation loading DOX, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and alpha-tocopherol succinate (TS) for cancer treatment. DHA is an omega-3 fatty acid and TS is a vitamin E derivative. It has been proposed that these compounds can enhance the antitumor activity of chemotherapeutics. Thus, we hypothesized that the combination of DOX, DHA, and TS in NLC (NLC-DHA-DOX-TS) could increase antitumor efficacy and also reduce toxicity. NLC-DHA-DOX-TS was prepared using emulsification-ultrasound. DOX was incorporated after preparing the NLC, which prevented its degradation during manufacture. High DOX encap-sulation efficiency was obtained due to the ion-pairing with TS. This ion-pairing increases lipophilicity of DOX and reduces its crystallinity, contributing to its encapsulation in the lipid matrix. Controlled DOX release from the NLC was observed in vitro, with increased drug release at the acidic environment. In vitro cell studies indicated that DOX, DHA, and TS have synergistic effects against 4T1 tumor cells. The in vivo study showed that NLCDHA-DOX-TS exhibited the greatest antitumor efficacy by reducing tumor growth in 4T1 tumor-bearing mice. In addition, this formulation reduced mice mortality, prevented lung metastasis, and decreased DOX-induced toxicity to the heart and liver, which was demonstrated by hematologic, biochemical, and histologic analyses. These results indicate that NLC-DHA-DOX-TS may be a promising carrier for breast cancer treatment.
Influence of specific nutrients on progression of atherosclerosis, vascular function, haemostasis and inflammation in coronary heart disease patients: a systematic review; Epidemiological evidence suggests that the diet influences CHD risk, although the protective effects of dietary intervention for patients in diseased states has gained less attention. Secondary care prevention strategies for patients often involves drug therapy that is expensive and can result in undesirable side effects. Therefore, it is potentially beneficial to utilise other strategies, such as diet, in the management of CHD. A systematic review was conducted to examine the effects of specific nutrients on progression of atherosclerosis, vascular function, haemostasis and inflammation in CHD patients. Results show substantial evidence for the efficacy of n-3 oils in reducing cardiovascular mortality and one mechanism may be related to the stabilisation of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques, although the effects on progression of atherosclerosis, haemostatic activity and vascular inflammation remain equivocal. Promising data also exist for the efficacy of flavonoid-rich foods for improving endothelial function, although strong clinical endpoint evidence is lacking. The variation in the efficacy of certain nutrients in CHD patients may be explained by genetics, existing risk factors, psychosocial factors and methodological issues, although these are often not adequately taken into consideration. We conclude that there is a need to undertake more appropriately designed trials in specific clinical populations, controlling for additional lifestyle and risk factors, examining potential interactions with medications, and also establishing methods to increase compliance to dietary recommendations before specific nutrients can be widely prescribed for secondary prevention. Future research should also utilise techniques that provide a direct measure of atherosclerosis.
Sex-specific association of fatty acid binding protein 2 and microsomal triacylglycerol transfer protein variants with response to dietary lipid changes in the 3-mo Medi-RIVAGE primary intervention study; Background: The dietary guidelines targeted at reducing cardiovascular risk lead to largely heterogeneous responses in which genetic determinants are largely involved.
Differential Lipotoxic Effects of Palmitate and Oleate in Activated Human Hepatic Stellate Cells and Epithelial Hepatoma Cells; Background/Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) progression to fibrosis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma, alters the cellular composition of this organ. During late-stage NAFLD, fibrotic and possibly cancerous cells can proliferate and, like normal hepatocytes, are exposed to high concentrations of fatty acids from both surrounding tissue and circulating lipid sources. We hypothesized that primary human activated hepatic stellate cells and epithelial hepatoma (HepG2) cells respond differently to lipotoxic conditions, and investigated the mechanisms involved. Methods: Primary activated hepatic stellate cells and HepG2 cells were exposed to pathophysiological concentrations of fatty acids and comparative studies of lipid metabolic and stress response pathways were performed. Results: Both cell types remained proliferative during exposure to a combination of palmitate plus oleate reflective of the general saturated versus unsaturated fatty acid composition of western diets. However, exposure to either high palmitate or high oleate alone induced cytotoxicity in activated stellate cells, while only palmitate caused cytotoxicity in HepG2 cells. mRNA microarray and biochemical comparisons revealed that stellate cells stored markedly less fatty acids as neutral lipids, and had reduced capacity for beta-oxidation. Similar to previous observations in HepG2 cells, palmitate, but not oleate, induced ER stress and actin stress fiber formation in activated stellate cells. In contrast, oleate, but not palmitate, induced the inflammatory signal TXNIP, decreased cytoskeleton proteins, and decreased cell polarity preceding cell death in activated stellate cells. Conclusions: Palmitate-induced lipotoxicity was associated with ER stress pathways in both primary activated hepatic stellate cells and epithelial hepatoma cells, whereas high oleate caused lipotoxicity only in activated stellate cells, possibly through a distinct mechanism involving disruption of cytoskeleton components. This may have implications for optimal dietary fatty acid compositions during various stages of NAFLD. (C) 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Hypertriglyceridemia: Impact and Treatment; The treatment of elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol is standard medical practice supported by conclusive outcome data. Less definitive information exists for hypertriglyceridemia. Only in the setting of severe hyperchylomicronemia is the benefit of triglyceride lowering clear: it is a means to reduce the risk of pancreatitis. The relationship of triglycerides and cardiovascular disease is still unclear. Moreover, the cardiovascular benefits of reducing triglycerides and of using triglyceride-lowering medications remain unproved. Nonetheless it has become almost standard to reduce the levels of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins that are a major component of plasma non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Provision of Lifestyle Counseling and the Prescribing of Pharmacotherapy for Hyperlipidemia Among US Ambulatory Patients: A National Assessment of Office-Based Physician Visits; Background An estimated 27.8% of the United States (US) population aged >= 20 years has hyperlipidemia, defined as total serum cholesterol of >= 240 mg/dL. A previous study of US physician office visits for hyperlipidemia in 2005 found both suboptimal compliance and racial/ethnic disparities in screening and treatment.
Pre-operative nutrition and carbohydrate loading; An optimal nutritional state is an important consideration in providing successful operative outcomes. Unfortunately, many aspects of surgery are not constructive to providing this. In addition, the metabolic and immune response to injury induces a catabolic state and insulin resistance, a known risk factor of post-operative complications. Aggressive insulin therapy post-operatively has been shown to reduce morbidity and mortality but similar results can be achieved when insulin resistance is lessened by the use of pre-operative carbohydrate loading. Consuming carbohydrate-containing drinks up to 2 h before surgery has been found to be an effective way to attenuate insulin resistance, minimise protein losses, reduce hospital stays and improve patient comfort without adversely affecting gastric emptying. Enhanced recovery programmes have employed carbohydrate loading as one of several strategies aimed at reducing post-operative stress and improving the recovery process. Studies examining the benefits of these programmes have demonstrated significantly shorter post-operative hospital stays, faster return to normal functions and lower occurrences of surgical complications. As a consequence of the favourable evidence they are now being implemented in many surgical units. Further benefit to post-operative recovery May be found with the use of immune-enhancing diets, i.e. supplementation with n-3 fatty acids, arginine, glutamine and/or nucleotides. These have the potential to boost the immune system, improve wound healing and reduce inflammatory markers. Research exploring the benefits of immunonutrition and solidifying the use of carbohydrate loading is ongoing; however, there is strong evidence to link good pre-operative nutrition and improved surgical outcomes.
Beneficial effect on serum apo AI, apo B and Lp AI levels of Ramadan fasting; In order to investigate for the first time in Morocco the effect of fasting in Ramadan, the ninth lunar month of the muslim year, on lipoprotein metabolism, we determined the levels of serum apolipoproteins; apolipoprotein AI (ape AI), apo B, apo AIV and those of lipoprotein particles; apo Al-containing lipoprotein particles (Lp AI) and also apo AI and apo AII containing lipoprotein particles (Lp AI:AII) in a group of 32 healthy, volunteer adult males. Determination of all these parameters was carried out on each week of the month of Ramadan and the results are compared with the pre-fasting and the post-fasting values. Ramadan fasting reduces significantly serum apo B (P < 0.05), while serum apo AI is significantly increased (P < 0.05) compared with the pre-fasting period. The increase of apo AI occurred on day 29 of Ramadan by 11.8%. Serum apo AIV was unchanged during the fasting period indicating that food intake during Ramadan is not based on lipid diet. The observed diet pattern during Ramadan showed an increase of total energy intake based on carbohydrates (+1.4% of total energy), proteins (+0.4% of total energy) but not on fat (-0.7% of total energy), compared with a usual diet used in the rest of the year. The fat diet is high in monounsaturated (P < 0.05) and polyunsaturated fatty acid in contrast to saturated fatty acid which decreased (P < 0.05) during Ramadan. On the other hand, analysis of serum Lp AI and Lp AI:AII showed that the levels of Lp AI:AII were unchanged but those of Lp AI were significantly increased (P < 0.01) at the end of Ramadan. These findings show that feeding behaviour that occurs during Ramadan beneficially affects serum apolipoprotein metabolism and may contribute to prevention of cardiovascular diseases. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science B.V.
ASEPTIC REARING OF CODLING MOTH ON SYNTHETIC DIETS - ASCORBIC ACID AND FATTY ACID REQUIREMENTS; The codling moth, Carpocapsa pomonella (L.), was reared aseptically from newly hatched larvae to adults for 3 successive generations on a synthetic diet containing casein, 2 amino acids, salts, sucrose, vitamins, safflower oil, cholesterol, agar, and water. Growth and development on this diet were comparable to that attained on immature apples. Elimination of ascorbic acid from the diet resulted in 86% larval death, mostly 1st and 2nd instar, and no development to the adult stage. The minimum dietary requirement for ascorbic acid under the reported rearing conditions was between 0.4 and 0.8 g per 100 g diet. Linoleic acid was shown to be an indispensable dietary nutrient; linolenic acid had the same effect as linoleic acid. Diets deficient in both fatty acids resulted in failure of adults to emerge from their pupal cases. Palmitic, stearic, oleic, and methyl arachidonic acids showed no essential fatty acid activity. Five successive generations were reared in the laboratory on a semi-synthetic diet with 55-65% of the larvae developing to normal adult moths. Larval development, adult fecundity, and egg viability appeared comparable to that attained for insects reared on immature apples.
Nutritional interventions to improve neurophysiological impairments following traumatic brain injury: A systematic review; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) accounts for significant global health burden. Effects of TBI can become chronic even following mild injury. There is a need to develop effective therapies to attenuate the damaging effects of TBI and improve recovery outcomes. This literature review using a priori criteria (PROSPERO; CRD42018100623) summarized 43 studies between January 1998 and July 2019 that investigated nutritional interventions (NUT) delivered with the objective of altering neurophysiological (NP) outcomes following TBI. Risk of bias was assessed for included studies, and NP outcomes recorded. The systematic search resulted in 43 of 3,748 identified studies met inclusion criteria. No studies evaluated the effect of a NUT on NP outcomes of TBI in humans. Biomarkers of morphological changes and apoptosis, oxidative stress, and plasticity, neurogenesis, and neurotransmission were the most evaluated NP outcomes across the 43 studies that used 2,897 animals. The risk of bias was unclear in all reviewed studies due to poorly detailed methodology sections. Taking these limitations into account, anti-oxidants, branched chain amino acids, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have shown the most promising pre-clinical results for altering NP outcomes following TBI. Refinement of pre-clinical methodologies used to evaluate effects of interventions on secondary damage of TBI would improve the likelihood of translation to clinical populations.
Meal Timing of Subtypes of Macronutrients Consumption With Cardiovascular Diseases: NHANES, 2003 to 2016; Context: Emerging evidence suggests that not only the quantity but also the quality and food sources of macronutrients plays an important role in CVD. However, limited studies have examined the association of meal timing of different quality of macronutrients with CVD risk.
Network Pharmacological Study of Effectiveness of <i>Cannabis sativa</i> L. against Orthopedic Trauma; Orthopedic trauma is a medical condition depicting most common bone injuries which affect individuals of every age and gender worldwide. These conditions can pertain to bone fractures, musculoskeletal injuries, and blunt trauma. Cannabis sativa L. is a primitively used plant in both medicinal and industrial uses. However, its mechanism of action is not fully investigated in the case of orthopedic trauma. The aim of the study was to determine and elucidate the potential of C. sativa in managing orthopedic trauma. The study spanned over a comprehensive literature survey which aimed to determine the interaction of bioactive compounds of C. sativa, followed by the screening of various target compounds relative to orthopedic trauma. The Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analysis was also conducted using Cytoscape software and its plugin, before which the PPIN was constructed with the help of STITCH, respectively. The results of the literature survey demonstrated 13 components in C. sativa, which yielded the presence of 101 potential targets and 12 relative targets to C. sativa. These potential targets were then screened for their association with the management of orthopedic trauma. The protein-protein interaction network revealed the association of several protein targets such as IL6, FOS, JUN, and PTGS2. Moreover, 4 GO terms were also elucidated using enrichment analysis which were evaluated using gene functional annotation clusters and their abundance values, respectively. The results of the study revealed the potential mechanistic action of C. sativa in the management of orthopedic trauma, which is demonstrated via the in silico analysis that it occurs through the help of interacting with various biological pathways via target proteins. The observed mechanisms and biological processes can be the regulation of extrinsic apoptotic signaling pathway via death domain receptors, fatty acid derivative biosynthetic process, eicosanoid biosynthetic process, and unsaturated fatty acid biosynthetic process, respectively.
Innate immune responses and metabolic alterations of mud crab (<i>Scylla paramamosain</i>) in response to <i>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</i> infection; Vibrio parahaemolyticus is one of the major pathogens caused diseases in cultured mud crab (Scylla paramamosain). Mud crabs lack an adaptive immune system, their defenses depend almost on innate immunity. Evaluation of the molecular responses of mud crabs to pathogens is essential for control of disease occurrence in fanned animals. In this study, the impacts of V. parahaemolyticus on immunity-related genes and metabolites in mud crabs of different groups (PG, SG and MG refer to controlled, survival and moribund groups, respectively) were investigated. Our results revealed that V. parahaemolyticus infection stimulated significant expressions of immune-related genes (prophenoloxidase, alpha 2-macroglobulin, lysosomal-associated membrane protein, Rab5, C-type lectin B and anti-lipopolysaccharide factor 5) in the MG within 72 h post-infection. The ATP content was significantly reduced in all tissues except muscle of moribund mud crabs. A total of 668 metabolites (including 190 down-regulated and 145 up-regulated) were identified and assigned to 77 pathways in both SG and MG. Metabolites involved in the saturated fatty acid are up-regulated, whereas unsaturated fatty acid and amino acid metabolisms are down-regulated in the immune system of mud crabs during the bacterial infection in MG. Furthermore, a reduction of hemocyte number and an increase of microbial abundance was found in MG. Our results demonstrated that V. parahaemolyticus induced death of mud crabs through reducing the metabolites associate with energy biosynthesis and innate immune system (i.e. proliferation of hemocyte and melanization), resulting in decrease of ATP in different tissues and failed to clearance of pathogens, respectively. The findings of this study provide a basic information of the responses of mud crab on bacterial infection, which is essential for prevention and control of diseases in mud crab aquaculture.
Novel docosanoids inhibit brain ischemia-reperfusion-mediated leukocyte infiltration and pro-inflammatory gene expression; Ischemic stroke triggers lipid peroxidation and neuronal injury. Docosahexaenoic acid released from membrane phospholipids during brain ischemia is a major source of lipid peroxides. Leukocyte infiltration and pro-inflammatory gene expression also contribute to stroke damage. In this study using lipidomic analysis, we have identified stereospecific messengers from docosahexaenoate-oxygenation pathways in a mouse stroke model. Aspirin, widely used to prevent cerebrovascular disease, activates an additional pathway, which includes the 17R-resolvins. The newly discovered brain messenger 10,17S-docosatriene potently inhibited leukocyte infiltration, NFkappaB, and cyclooxygenase-2 induction in experimental stroke and elicited neuroprotection. In addition, in neural cells in culture, this lipid messenger also inhibited both interleukin 1-beta-induced NFkappaB activation and cyclooxygenase-2 expression. Thus, the specific novel bioactive docosanoids generated in vivo counteract leukocyte-mediated injury as well as pro-inflammatory gene induction. These results challenge the view that docosahexaenoate only participates in brain damage and demonstrate that this fatty acid is also the endogenous precursor to a neuroprotective signaling response to ischemia-reperfusion.
A combination of <i>cis</i>-2-decenoic acid and antibiotics eradicates pre-established catheter-associated biofilms; The catheterized urinary tract provides ideal conditions for the development of biofilm populations. Catheter-associated urinary tract infections (CAUTIs) are recalcitrant to existing antimicrobial treatments; therefore, established biofilms are not eradicated completely after treatment and surviving biofilm cells will carry on the infection. Cis-2-decenoic acid (CDA), an unsaturated fatty acid, is capable of inhibiting biofilm formation by Pseudomonas aeruginosa and of inducing the dispersion of established biofilms by multiple types of micro-organisms. Here, the ability of CDA to induce dispersal in pre-established single- and dual-species biofilms formed by Escherichia co/i and Klebsiella pneumoniae was measured by using both semi-batch and continuous cultures bioassays. Removal of the biofilms by combined CDA and antibiotics (ciprofloxacin or ampicillin) was evaluated using microtitre plate assays (crystal violet staining). The c.f.u. counts were determined to assess the potential of combined CDA treatments to kill and eradicate preestablished biofilms formed on catheters. The effects of combined CDA treatments on biofilm surface area and bacteria viability were evaluated using fluorescence microscopy, digital image analysis and live/dead staining. To investigate the ability of CDA to prevent biofilm formation, single and mixed cultures were grown in the presence and absence of CDA. Treatment of preestablished biofilms with only 310 nM CDA resulted in at least threefold increase in the number of planktonic cells in all cultures tested. Whilst none of the antibiotics alone exerted a significant effect on c.f.u. counts and percentage of surface area covered by the biofilms, combined CDA treatments led to at least a 78% reduction in biofilm biomass in all cases. Moreover, most of the biofilm cells remaining on the surface were killed by antibiotics. The addition of 310 nM CDA significantly prevented biofilm formation by the tested micro-organisms, even within mixed cultures, indicating the ability of CDA to inhibit biofilm formation by other types of bacteria in addition to Pseudomonas aeruginosa. These findings suggested that the biofilm-preventive characteristics of CDA make it a noble candidate for inhibition of biofilm-associated infections such as CAUTIs, which paves the way 'toward developing new strategies to control biofilms in clinical as well as industrial settings.
Current issues and perspectives in prenatal nutrition; The typical American diet, characterized by energy-dense foods rich in starches, sugars, and saturated fats, and low in fruits and vegetables, is relatively unhealthy and is associated with nutritional deficiencies. Suboptimal diets for pregnant women have been associated with serious maternal medical complications (eg, iron deficiency anemia, high blood pressure, gestational diabetes, and morning sickness), as well as an increased risk of intrauterine growth restriction, birth defects, developmental delays after birth, and future chronic health problems, (eg, heart disease, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol) during childhood, as well as later in life. Folic acid deficiency is one of the most common problems among pregnant women, and supplementation with folic acid during pregnancy has been reported to decrease the occurrence and recurrence of fetal neural tube defects. Folate supplementation beginning preconception, along with a multivitamin, at least 12 weeks prior to conception is recommended to achieve maximal risk reduction. The reported benefits of supplementing docosahexaenoic acid, an unsaturated omega-3 essential fatty acid, during pregnancy include promoting proper neurodevelopment in fetuses and infants that extends into childhood. Pregnancy is also associated with an increased susceptibility to oxidative stress, resulting from the imbalance between oxygen free radicals and the essential antioxidants that maintain homeostasis. Associated complications include preeclampsia, preterm labor, and intrauterine growth restriction. There is not enough evidence to support routine use of antioxidants, such as vitamins C and E during pregnancy, but coenzyme Q10 and lycopene are additional antioxidants under study and are yielding promising results by decreasing the occurrence of maternal complications.
Genetic variation in lipid desaturases and its impact on the development of human disease; Perturbations in lipid metabolism characterize many of the chronic diseases currently plaguing our society, such as obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Thus interventions that target plasma lipid levels remain a primary goal to manage these diseases. The determinants of plasma lipid levels are multi-factorial, consisting of both genetic and lifestyle components. Recent evidence indicates that fatty acid desaturases have an important role in defining plasma and tissue lipid profiles. This review will highlight the current state-of-knowledge regarding three desaturases (Scd-1, Fads1 and Fads2) and their potential roles in disease onset and development. Although research in rodent models has provided invaluable insight into the regulation and functions of these desaturases, the extent to which murine research can be translated to humans remains unclear. Evidence emerging from human-based research demonstrates that genetic variation in human desaturase genes affects enzyme activity and, consequently, disease risk factors. Moreover, this genetic variation may have a trans-generational effect via breastfeeding. Therefore inter-individual variation in desaturase function is attributed to both genetic and lifestyle components. As such, population-based research regarding the role of desaturases on disease risk is challenged by this complex gene-lifestyle paradigm. Unravelling the contribution of each component is paramount for understanding the inter-individual variation that exists in plasma lipid profiles, and will provide crucial information to develop personalized strategies to improve health management.
LIPID-PEROXIDATION AND CYTOTOXICITY OF EHRLICH ASCITES TUMOR-CELLS BY FERRIC NITRILOTRIACETATE; Ferric nitrilotriacetate, which causes in vivo organ injury, induced lipid peroxidation and cell death in Ehrlich ascites tumor cells in vitro. The process was inhibited by butylated hydroxyanisole and enhanced by vitamin C and linolenic acid, indicating a close relationship between cytotoxicity and the lipid peroxidizing ability of Fe3+ NTA. The cytotoxicity was suppressed by glucose and a temperature below 20.degree.C. Lipid peroxidation of Fe3+NTA-treated cells was greater at 0.degree.C than at 37.degree.C, contrary to results with Fe3+NTA-treated plasma membranes of Ehrlich ascites tumor cell. These results suggested that metabolism and membrane fluidity are important factors in the expression of the Fe3+NTA-induced cytotoxicity. H2O2 showed a lower cytotoxicity than did Fe3+NTA but a greater lipid peroxidizing ability. H2O2 appeared to damage the cells less, and was quenched rapidly by cellular metabolism unlike Fe3+NTA. In transferrin-free medium, Ehrlich ascites tumor cell readily incorporated Fe3+NTA, and iron uptake was greater than NTA-uptake in Fe3+NTA-treated cells, suggesting that Ehrlich ascites tumor cell incorporated iron from Fe3+NTA and metabolized it into an inert form such as ferritin.
Circulating triglycerides and bile acids are reduced by a soluble wheat arabinoxylan via modulation of bile concentration and lipid digestion rates in a pig model; Scope: Soluble dietary fibres have shown to have lipid reducing properties. However, their mechanisms of action are still unclear. The present study investigated how a soluble wheat arabinoxylan-rich fraction (AXRF) fed to pigs used as a human model reduced blood triglycerides.
Recent explanatory trials of the mode of action of drug therapies on lipoprotein metabolism; Purpose of review
Infancy-Onset Dietary Counseling of Low-Saturated-Fat Diet Improves Insulin Sensitivity in Healthy Adolescents 15-20 Years of Age The Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project (STRIP) study; OBJECTIVEWe reported previously that low-saturated-fat dietary counseling started in infancy improves insulin sensitivity in healthy children 9 years of age. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of lifelong dietary counseling on insulin sensitivity in healthy adolescents between 15 and 20 years of age. In addition, we examined dietary fiber intake and the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) + monounsaturated (MUFA)-to-saturated fatty acid (SFA) ratio in the intervention and control adolescents and the association of these dietary factors with homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR).RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSThe study comprised adolescents participating in the randomized, controlled Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project (STRIP) study, which aims to guide the study participants toward a diet beneficial for cardiovascular health. HOMA-IR was assessed annually between 15 and 20 years of age (n = 518; intervention, n = 245; control, n = 273), along with diet, BMI, pubertal status, serum cotinine concentrations, and physical activity. Dietary counseling was given biannually during the follow-up.RESULTSHOMA-IR was lower (7.5% on average) in the intervention group than in the control group between 15 and 20 years of age (P = 0.0051). The intervention effect was similar in girls and boys. The PUFA+MUFA-to-SFA ratio was higher (P < 0.0001) and the dietary fiber (g/MJ) intake was higher (P = 0.0058) in the intervention group compared with the control group. There was no association between the PUFA+MUFA-to-/SFA ratio and HOMA-IR, whereas dietary fiber intake (g/MJ) was associated with HOMA-IR in girls (P < 0.0001).CONCLUSIONSDietary counseling initiated in infancy and maintained until 20 years of age was associated with improved insulin sensitivity in adolescents.
Supplementation with linoleic acid-rich soybean oil stimulates macrophage foam cell formation via increased oxidative stress and diacylglycerol acyltransferase1-mediated triglyceride biosynthesis; During the last decades there has been a staggering rise in human consumption of soybean oil (SO) and its major polyunsaturated fatty acid linoleic acid (LA). The role of SO or LA in cardiovascular diseases is highly controversial, and their impact on macrophage foam cell formation, the hallmark of early atherogenesis, is unclear. To investigate the effects of high SO or LA intake on macrophage lipid metabolism and the related mechanisms of action, C57BL/6 mice were orally supplemented with increasing levels of SO-based emulsion or equivalent levels of purified LA for 1 month, followed by analyses of lipid accumulation and peroxidation in aortas, serum and in peritoneal macrophages (MPM) of the mice. Lipid peroxidation and triglyceride mass in aortas from SO or LA supplemented mice were dose-dependently and significantly increased. In MPM from SO or LA supplemented mice, lipid peroxides were significantly increased and a marked accumulation of cellular triglycerides was found in accordance with enhanced triglyceride biosynthesis rate and overexpression of diacylglycerol acyltransferase1 (DGAT1), the key enzyme in triglyceride biosynthesis. In cultured J774A.1 macrophages treated with SO or LA, triglyceride accumulated via increased oxidative stress and a p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-mediated overexpression of DGAT1. Accordingly, anti-oxidants (pomegranate polyphenols), inhibition of p38 MAPK (by SB202190) or DGAT1 (by oleanolic acid), all significantly attenuated SO or LA-induced macrophage triglyceride accumulation. These findings reveal novel mechanisms by which supplementation with SO or LA stimulate macrophage foam cell formation, suggesting a pro-atherogenic role for overconsumption of SO or LA. (c) 2016 BioFactors, 43(1):100-116, 2017
COVID-19 Metabolomic-Guided Amino Acid Therapy Protects from Inflammation and Disease Sequelae; The outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has caused a worldwide pandemic since 2019. A metabolic disorder is a contributing factor to deaths from COVID-19. However, the underlying mechanism of metabolic dysfunction in COVID-19 patients and the potential interventions are not elucidated. Here targeted plasma metabolomic is performed, and the metabolite profiles among healthy controls, and asymptomatic, moderate, and severe COVID-19 patients are compared. Among the altered metabolites, arachidonic acid and linolenic acid pathway metabolites are profoundly up-regulated in COVID-19 patients. Arginine biosynthesis, alanine, aspartate, and glutamate metabolism pathways are significantly disturbed in asymptomatic patients. In the comparison of metabolite variances among the groups, higher levels of l-citrulline and l-glutamine are found in asymptomatic carriers and moderate or severe patients at the remission stage. Furthermore, l-citrulline and l-glutamine combination therapy is demonstrated to effectively protect mice from coronavirus infection and endotoxin-induced sepsis, and is observed to efficiently prevent the occurrence of pulmonary fibrosis and central nervous system damage. Collectively, the data reveal the metabolite profile of asymptomatic COVID-19 patients and propose a potential strategy for COVID-19 treatment.
Dynamics of reactive oxygen intermediate production in human glioma:: <i>n</i>-6 essential fatty acid effects; Background Reactive oxygen intermediates (ROIs) are important signals controlling cell growth and cell death. Local essential fatty acid (EFA) deficiencies in tumour cells may limit tumour ROI generation. This deficiency may be rectified by the addition of exogenous EFA.
Transcriptomic analyses of intestinal gene expression of juvenile Atlantic cod (<i>Gadus morhua</i>) fed diets with Camelina oil as replacement for fish oil; For aquaculture of marine species to continue to expand, dietary fish oil (FO) must be replaced with more sustainable vegetable oil (VO) alternatives. Most VO are rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and few are rich in n-3 PUFA but Camelina oil (CO) is unique in that, besides high 18:3n-3 and n-3/n-6 PUFA ratio, it also contains substantial long-chain monoenes, commonly found in FO. Cod (initial mass similar to 1.4 g) were fed for 12 weeks diets in which FO was replaced with CO. Growth performance, feed efficiency and biometric indices were not affected but lipid levels in liver and intestine tended to increase and those of flesh, decrease, with increasing dietary CO although only significantly for intestine. Reflecting diet, tissue n-3 long-chain PUFA levels decreased whereas 18:3n-3 and 18:2n-6 increased with inclusion of dietary CO. Dietary replacement of FO by CO did not induce major metabolic changes in intestine, but affected genes with potential to alter cellular proliferation and death as well as change structural properties of intestinal muscle. Although the biological effects of these changes are unclear, given the important role of intestine in nutrient absorption and health, further attention should be given to this organ in future. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lipid analysis of <i>Aglaodiaptomus stagnalis</i> Forbes and their desiccation resistant diapause eggs; Aglaodiaptomus stagnalis Forbes is a prevalent member of temporary ponds throughout the southeastern United States. Females are large, bright red and produce orange diapausing eggs capable of complete desiccation for long periods. The early eggs are orange due to the lipid reserves; as the eggs develop, the embryos utilize the lipid and become dark brown. This study compared total lipid content and lipid classes of males, females, copepodites and eggs as well as the fatty acid profile of females with eggs and non-gravid females (those without egg sacs). Lipid reserves per individual occurred in the following order of decreasing weight: males, females, copepodites, eggs. The dominant lipid class in all stages is triacylglycerol (TAG), a common storage lipid often dominant in freshwater copepods. Overall, the n-3 fatty acid levels are higher among gravid females compared to non-gravid females, most notably the 18:3n-3 followed by 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3. Gravid females also have a higher percentage of 18:2n-6. On the other hand, gravid females exhibit a lower percentage of saturated fatty acids as well as some polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) including 20:4n-6 and 22:5n-6 compared to non-gravid females. Our data suggest that female A. stagnalis incorporate a large percentage of lipid as TAG in the egg sacs. This probably allows the diapause eggs to survive potentially long desiccation times, and to undergo rapid development when diapause is terminated. Although fatty acid profiles of the egg sacs themselves were not done, differences between the profiles of gravid and non-gravid females indicate that some fatty acids may be shunted non-selectively to the egg sacs whereas others may be preferentially sequestered in the egg sacs.
Dietary fat intake and nutritional status indicators of primary school children in a low-income informal settlement in the Vaal region; Background: The objective of this study was to examine growth indicators, serum cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and triglyceride levels, as well as dietary fat intakes usually associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in healthy primary school children.
PUFA Supplements and Type 2 Diabetes in the Elderly; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is increasing continuously, especially in older people. Such a rapidly rising risk has been linked to physical inactivity and evolutionary changes in dietary patterns (mainly characterized by a greater intake in dietary fat). Increased physical activity in any age group is associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Epidemiological studies also reported a lower incidence of type 2 diabetes in individuals who consumed n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), while intake of total, saturated and/or monounsaturated fat was associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes in glucose-intolerant individuals. Furthermore, the beneficial effects of PUFA consumption on cardiovascular disease were mainly attributed to their effects on reducing triglyceride levels, increasing high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and improving endothelial function through anti-inflammatory mechanisms and reduced platelet aggregation. In addition to common diabetic complications such as dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease, elderly people with type 2 diabetes are at greater risk of specific geriatric syndromes, such as cognitive decline and physical disability. The threats of physical disability, loss of independence and loss of cognitive performance which diminish quality of life may ultimately be the greatest concern for those with type 2 diabetes. In this review we will address: i) specific dietary fat intake patterns and the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, ii) the effects of PUFA supplementation on glucose metabolism, diabetic dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease, iii) the potential advantages of PUFA supplementation on cognitive decline and physical disability in the elderly.
Docosapentaenoic acid monoacylglyceride reduces inflammation and vascular remodeling in experimental pulmonary hypertension; n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have been shown to reduce inflammation and proliferation of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells under pathophysiological conditions. However, the anti-inflammatory effect of the newly synthesized docosapentaenoic acid monoacylglyceride (MAG-DPA) on key signaling pathways in pulmonary hypertension (PH) pathogenesis has yet to be assessed. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of MAG-DPA on pulmonary inflammation and remodeling occurring in a rat model of PH, induced by a single injection of monocrotaline (MCT: 60 mg/kg). Our results demonstrate that MAG-DPA treatment for 3 wk following MCT injection resulted in a significant improvement of right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH) and a reduction in Fulton's Index (FI). Morphometric analyses revealed that the wall thickness of pulmonary arterioles was significantly lower in MCT + MAG-DPA-treated rats compared with controls. This result was further correlated with a decrease in Ki-67 immunostaining. Following MAG-DPA treatments, lipid analysis showed a consistent increase in DPA together with lower levels of arachidonic acid (AA), as measured in blood and tissue samples. Furthermore, in MCT-treated rats, oral administration of MAG-DPA decreased NF-kappa B and p38 MAPK activation, leading to a reduction in MMP-2, MMP-9, and VEGF expression levels in lung tissue homogenates. Altogether, these data provide new evidence regarding the mode of action of MAG-DPA in the prevention of pulmonary hypertension induced by MCT.
Risk factors for suicide in Japan: A model of predicting suicide in 2008 by risk factors of 2007; Background: This study aims to comprehensively investigate the causal relationship between suicide and its risk factors in a longitudinal design.
Enhanced Expression of Genes Related to Xenobiotic Metabolism in the Skin of Patients with Atopic Dermatitis but Not with Ichthyosis Vulgaris; Previous transcriptome analyses underscored the importance of immunological and skin barrier abnormalities in atopic dermatitis (AD). We sought to identify pathogenic pathways involved in AD by comparing the transcriptomes of AD patients stratified for filaggrin (FLG)-null mutations to those of both healthy donors and patients with ichthyosis vulgaris. We applied RNA sequencing to analyze the whole transcriptome of nonlesional skin. We found that 607 genes (476 up-regulated and 131 down-regulated by >2-fold) and 193 genes (172 up-regulated and 21 down-regulated by >2-fold) were differentially expressed when all AD or ichthyosis vulgaris patients were compared with healthy donors, respectively. Expression of genes involved in RNA/protein turnover and adenosine triphosphate synthesis, as well as genes involved in cell death, response to oxidative stress, DNA damage/repair, and autophagy, were significantly enriched in AD skin and, to a lesser extent, in ichthyosis vulgaris skin. FLG-null mutations appear to hardly interfere with current observations. Genes related to xenobiotic metabolism were up-regulated in AD skin only, as were genes related to arachidonic, linoleic, and a-linolenic acid metabolism. Thus, this work newly links AD pathogenesis to aberrant expression of genes related to xenobiotic metabolism.
Feasibility and Safety of Perilla Seed Oil as an Additional Antioxidative Therapy in Patients with Mild to Moderate Dementia; Dementia is a broad-spectrum terminology for a degenerate in cognitive function severe enough to intervene in activities of daily living. Oxidative stress plays a major role in the neurodegenerative cascade, leading to the irreversible mechanism in dementia. Perilla seed oil is extracted from its seeds and contains a high source of antioxidative substances such as omega-3 fatty acid. With its prominent antioxidative property, perilla seed oil demonstrates neuroprotective effects against dementia in preclinical studies. We aim to prove the feasibility and safety of perilla seed oil as an additional antioxidative therapy in patients with dementia. This single-centered, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial randomized 239 patients with clinical diagnosis of mild to moderate dementia according to the Thai Mini-Mental State Examination (TMSE) score of 10 to 23 or the Thai Montreal Cognitive Assessment score of 12 to 25. Either two capsules containing 500 milligrams of perilla seed oil or similarly appearing two capsules containing 500 milligrams of olive oil (placebo) four times daily was added to conventional standard treatment of dementia for six months. Clinical side effects and routine laboratory results at baseline and after treatment were compared between both groups. Nausea and vomiting were the most common clinical side effects (3%) found equally in both groups. Three patients in the placebo group prematurely discontinued the medication, while only one patient in the treatment group quit the medication early. However, about 5% of patients in both groups could not comply with the regimen of the treatment. The routine laboratory results, including complete blood counts, kidney function tests, and liver function panels, at baseline and after treatment, were not significantly different in both groups. In conclusion, perilla seed oil was feasible and safe to add on with standard treatment in patients with mild to moderate dementia. Further study is needed to confirm its benefit to use as additional antioxidative therapy in patients with dementia.
Resolvin E1 selectively interacts with leukotriene B<sub>4</sub> receptor BLT1 and ChemR23 to regulate inflammation; Resolvin E1 (RvE1) is a potent anti-inflammatory and proresolving mediator derived from omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid generated during the resolution phase of inflammation. RvE1 possesses a unique structure and counterregulatory actions that stop human polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMN) transendothelial migration and PMN infiltration in several murine inflammatory models. To examine the mechanism(s) underlying anti-inflammatory actions on PMNs, we prepared [H-3]RvE1 and characterized its interactions with human PMN. Results with membrane fractions of human PMN demonstrated specific binding with a K-d of 48.3 nM. [H-3]RvE1 specific binding to human PMN was displaced by leukotriene B-4 (LTB4) and LTB4 receptor 1 (BLT1) antagonist U-75302, but not by chemerin peptide, a ligand specific for another RvE1 receptor ChemR23. Recombinant human BLT1 gave specific binding with [H-3]RvE1 with a K-d of 45 nM. RvE1 selectively inhibited adenylate cyclase with BLT1, but not with BLT2. In human PBMC, RvEl partially induced calcium mobilization, and blocked subsequent stimulation by LTB4. RvEl also attenuated LTB4 induced NF-kappa B activation in BLT1-transfected cells. In vivo anti-inflammatory actions of RvEl were sharply reduced in BLT1 knockout mice when given at low doses (100 ng i.v.) in peritonitis. In contrast, RvEl at higher doses (1.0 mu g i.v.) significantly reduced PMN infiltration in a BLT1-independent manner. These results indicate that RvEl binds to BLT1 as a partial agonist, potentially serving as a local damper of BLT1 signals on leukocytes along with other receptors (e.g., ChemR23-mediated counterregulatory actions) to mediate the resolution of inflammation.
Fish consumption and early atherosclerosis in middle-aged men; To investigate the association between fish consumption and early atherosclerosis, we analyzed the relationship between fish consumption and average intima-media thickness (AveIMT) by carotid ultrasound in middle-aged Japanese men. Participants were 250 randomly selected, community-based Japanese men aged 40 to 49 years without a prior history of cardiovascular disease. AveIMT was calculated from the mean of 1-cm lengths of both the right and the left carotid arteries at 8 locations. A lifestyle survey was carried out using a self-administered questionnaire including the frequency of fish intake. There were 147 men in the fewer than 4 times per week fish consumption group and 103 men in the 4 or more times per week group. The mean AveIMT was significantly higher in the low fish consumption group than in the high fish consumption group (0.623 +/- 0.068 vs 0.605 +/- 0.065 mm, P = .03). After adjustment for age, waist circumference, pack-years of smoking, alcohol consumption, diabetes, and lipid-lowering medications, the significant difference in the AveIMT between the 2 groups remained. However, after further adjustment for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and C-reactive protein in the model, the significant difference disappeared. Fish consumption may be protective against early atherosclerosis in middle-aged men, probably through its beneficial effects on inflammation. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Improved fatty acid profile reduces body fat and arterial stiffness in obese adolescents upon combinatorial intervention with exercise and dietary restriction; Objective: In order to examine the effect of 4-week combinatorial intervention with exercise training and dietary restriction on serum fatty acids, and to explore the correlation of intervention-induced improvement of serum fatty acid profile with the reduction of body fat and arterial stiffness.
Placing a Well-Designed Vegan Diet for Slovenes; Interest in vegan diets has increased globally as well as in Slovenia. The quantity of new scientific data requires a thorough synthesis of new findings and considerations about the current reserved position of the vegan diet in Slovenia. There is frequently confusion about the benefits of vegetarian diets that are often uncritically passed on to vegan diets and vice versa. This narrative review aims to serve as a framework for a well-designed vegan diet. We present advice on how to maximize the benefits and minimize the risks associated with the vegan diet and lifestyle. We highlight the proper terminology, present the health effects of a vegan diet and emphasize the nutrients of concern. In addition, we provide guidance for implementing a well-designed vegan diet in daily life. We conducted a PubMed search, up to November 2021, for studies on key nutrients (proteins, vitamin B-12, vitamin D, omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)), calcium, iron, zinc, iodine and selenium) in vegan diets. Given the limited amount of scientific evidence, we focus primarily on the general adult population. A well-designed vegan diet that includes a wide variety of plant foods and supplementation of vitamin B-12, vitamin D in the winter months and potentially EPA/DHA is safe and nutritionally adequate. It has the potential to maintain and/or to improve health. For physically active adult populations, athletes or individuals with fast-paced lifestyles, there is room for further appropriate supplementation of a conventional vegan diet according to individuals' health status, needs and goals without compromising their health. A healthy vegan lifestyle, as included in government guidelines for a healthy lifestyle, includes regular physical activity, avoidance of smoking, restriction of alcohol and appropriate sleep hygiene.
Prolonged experimental sleep disturbance affects the inflammatory resolution pathways in healthy humans; Background: Sleep disturbances, as manifested in insomnia symptoms of difficulties falling asleep or frequent nighttime awakenings, are a strong risk factor for a diverse range of diseases involving immunopathology. Low-grade systemic inflammation has been frequently found associated with sleep disturbances and may mechanis-tically contribute to increased disease risk. Effects of sleep disturbances on inflammation have been observed to be long lasting and remain after recovery sleep has been obtained, suggesting that sleep disturbances may not only affect inflammatory mediators, but also the so-called specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs) that actively resolve inflammation. The goal of this investigation was to test for the first time whether the omega-3 fatty acid-derived D-(RvD) and E-series (RvE) resolvins are impacted by prolonged experimental sleep distur-bance (ESD).Methods: Twenty-four healthy participants (12 F, age 20-42 years) underwent two 19-day in-hospital protocols (ESD/control), separated by > 2 months. The ESD protocol consisted of repeated nights of short and disrupted sleep with intermittent nights of undisturbed sleep, followed by three nights of recovery sleep at the end of the protocol. Under the control sleep condition, participants had an undisturbed sleep opportunity of 8 h/night throughout the protocol. The D-and E-series resolvins were measured in plasma using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).Results: The precursor of the D-series resolvins, 17-HDHA, was downregulated in the ESD compared to the control sleep condition (p <.001 for condition), and this effect remained after the third night of recovery sleep has been obtained. This effect was also observed for the resolvins RvD3, RvD4, and RvD5 (p <.001 for condition), while RvD1 was higher in the ESD compared to the control sleep condition (p <.01 for condition) and RvD2 showed a mixed effect of a decrease during disturbed sleep followed by an increase during recovery sleep in the ESD condition (p <.001 for condition*day interaction). The precursor of E-series resolvins, 18-HEPE, was down-regulated in the ESD compared to the control sleep condition (p <.01 for condition) and remained low after recovery sleep has been obtained. This effect of downregulation was also observed for RvE2 (p <.01 for con-dition), while there was no effect for RvE1 (p >.05 for condition or condition*day interaction). Sex-differential effects were found for two of the D-series resolvins, i.e., RvD2 and RvD4.Conclusion: This first investigation on the effects of experimental sleep disturbance on inflammatory resolution processes shows that SPMs, particularly resolvins of the D-series, are profoundly downregulated by sleep dis-turbances and remain downregulated after recovery sleep has been obtained, suggesting a longer lasting impact of sleep disturbances on these mediators. These findings also suggest that sleep disturbances contribute to the development and progression of a wide range of diseases characterized by immunopathology by interfering with processes that actively resolve inflammation. Pharmacological interventions aimed at promoting inflammatory
Enrichment of live food with essential fatty acids and vitamin C: effects on milkfish (Chanos chanos) larval performance; The effects of essential fatty acids (EFA) and vitamin C-enriched live food on growth, survival, resistance to salinity stress and incidence of deformity in milkfish larvae reared in tanks were investigated. Larvae were either fed rotifers cultured on Chlorella sp. and newly hatched Artemia nauplii (control), highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA)-enriched rotifers and Artemia nauplii or HUFA + vitamin C-enriched rotifers and Artemia nauplii. Milkfish growth in outdoor nursery ponds was also assessed to compare with growth in indoor tanks. Milkfish fed rotifers/Artemia enriched with HUFA (32-48 mg dry weight, DW) or HUFA + vitamin C (33-45 mg DW) exhibited significantly (P < 0.05) higher growth than those given unenriched live food (24-27 mg DW) after 40 days of culture. Growth of milkfish in nursery ponds (albeit lower in stocking density) showed similar trends as those reared in tanks. When subjected to salinity stress (Day 25), mortality of the HUFA + vitamin C-treated fish and HUFA-treated fish were significantly lower (P < 0.05) than the control fish. Survival of 26-day old milkfish, however, did not differ significantly (P> 0.05) among the treatment groups. Forty-day-old milkfish fed HUFA + vitamin C-enriched live food had significantly lower (P < 0.05) incidence of opercular deformity (mainly cleft branchiostegal membrane) (8.4 -14.7%:) compared with those given HUFA-enriched (15.8-23.5%) or unenriched(25.3-33.5%) I;ve food. Results demonstrated the effect of HUFA enrichment in enhancing milkfish larval growth and resistance to salinity stress but not overall survival. Moreover, HUFA and ascorbate supplementation decreased but did not totally eliminate incidence of opercular deformity in milkfish larvae. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Risk Estimations, Risk Factors, and Genetic Variants Associated with Alzheimer's Disease in Selected Publications from the Framingham Heart Study; The study of Alzheimer's disease (AD) in the Framingham Heart Study (FHS), a multi-generational, community-based population study, began nearly four decades ago. In this overview, we highlight findings from seven prior publications that examined lifetime risk estimates for AD, environmental risk factors for AD, circulating and imaging markers of aging-related brain injury, and explorations on the genetics underlying AD. First, we describe estimations of the lifetime risk of AD. These estimates are distinguished from other measures of disease burden and have substantial public health implications. We then describe prospective studies of environmental AD risk factors: one examined the association between plasma levels of omega-3 fatty-acid and risk of incident AD, the other explored the association of diabetes to this risk in subsamples with specific characteristics. With evidence of inflammation as an underlying mechanism, we also describe findings from a study that compared the effects of serum cytokines and spontaneous production of peripheral blood mononuclear cell cytokines on AD risk. Investigating AD related endophenotypes increases sensitivity in identifying risk factors and can be used to explore pathophysiologic pathways between a risk factor and the disease. We describe findings of an association between large volume of white matter hyperintensities and a specific pattern of cognitive deficits in non-demented participants. Finally, we summarize our findings from two genetic studies: The first used genome-wide association (GWA) and family-based association methods to explore the genetic basis of cognitive and structural brain traits. The second is a large meta-analysis GWA study of AD, in which novel loci of AD susceptibility were found. Together, these findings demonstrate the FHS multi-directional efforts in investigating dementia and AD.
The Novel Interplay between Commensal Gut Bacteria and Metabolites in Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Rats Treated with Simvastatin; Hyperlipidemia is one kind of metabolic syndrome for which the treatment commonly includes simvastatin (SV). Individuals vary widely in statin responses, and growing evidence implicates gut microbiome involvement in this variability. However, the associated molecular mechanisms between metabolic improvement and microbiota composition following SV treatment are still not fully understood. In this study, combinatory approaches using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography coupled with hybrid triple quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UHPLC-QTOF MS/MS)-based metabolomic profiling, PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (PCR-DGGE), quantitative PCR (qPCR), and 16S rRNA gene sequencing-based gut microbiota profiling were performed to investigate the interplay of endogenous metabolites and the gut microbiota related to SV treatment. A total of 6 key differential endogenous metabolites were identified that affect the metabolism of amino acids (phenylalanine and tyrosine), unsaturated fatty acids (linoleic acid and 9-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid (9-HODE)), and the functions of gut microbial metabolism. Moreover, a total of 22 differentially abundant taxa were obtained following SV treatment. Three bacterial taxa were identified to be involved in SV treatment, namely, Bacteroidaceae, Prevotellaceae, and Porphyromonadaceac. These findings suggested that the phenylalanine and tyrosine-associated amino acid metabolism pathways, as well as the linoleic acid and 9-HODE-associated unsaturated fatty acid metabolism pathways, which are involved in gut flora interactions, might be potential therapeutic targets for improvement in SV hypolipidemic efficacy. The mass spectrometric data have been deposited to MassIVE (https://massive.ucsd.edu/ProteoSAFe/static/massivc.jsp). Username: MSV000087842_reviewer. Password: hardworkingzsr.
Lipids, depression and suicide; Polyunsatured fatty acids are made out of a hydrocarbonated chain of variable length with several double bonds. The position of the first double bond (omega; omega) differentiates polyunsatured omega3 fatty acids (for example : alpha-linolenic acid or alpha-LNA) and polyunsatured omega6 fatty acids (for example : linoleic acid or LA). These two classes of fatty acids are said to be essential because they cannot be synthetised by the organism and have to be taken from alimentation. The omega3 are present in linseed oil, nuts, soya beans, wheat and cold water fish whereas omega6 are present in maize, sunflower and sesame oil. Fatty acids are part of phospholipids and, consequently, of all biological membranes. The membrane fluidity, of crucial importance for its functionning, depends on its lipidic components. Phospholipids composed of chains of polyunsatured fatty acids increase the membrane fluidity because, by bending some chains, double bonds prevent them from compacting themselves perfectly. Membrane fluidity is also determined by the phospholipids/free cholesterol ratio, as cholesterol increases membrane viscosity. A diet based on a high proportion of essential polyunsatured fatty acids (fluid) would allow a higher incorporation of cholesterol (rigid) in the membranes to balance their fluidity, which would contribute to lower blood cholesterol levels. Brain membranes have a very high content in essential polyunsatured fatty acids for which they depend on alimentation. Any dietary lack of essential polyunsatured fatty acids has consequences on cerebral development, modifying the activity of enzymes of the cerebral membranes and decreasing efficiency in learning tasks. Epidemiological data - The prevalence of depression seems to increase continuously since the beginning of the century. Though different factors most probably contribute to this evolution, it has been suggested that it could be related to an evolution of alimentary patterns in the Western world, in which polyunsatured omega fatty acids contained in fish, game and vegetables have been largely replaced by polyunsatured omega6 fatty acids of cereal oils. Some epidemiological data support the hypothesis of a relation between lower depression and/or suicide rates and a higher consumption of fish. These data do not however prove a relation of causality. Cholesterol and depression - Several cohort studies (on nondepressed subjects) have assessed the relationship between plasma cholesterol and depressive symptoms with contradictory results. Though some results found a significant relationship between a decrease of total cholesterol and high scores of depression, some other did not. Studies among patients suffering from major depression signalled more constantly an association between low cholesterol and major depression. Besides, some trials showed that clinical recovery maybe associated with a significant increase of total cholesterol. Cholesterol and suicidal behaviour - The hypothesis that a low cholesterol level may represent a suicidal risk factor was discovered accidentally following a series of epidemiological studies which revealed an increase of the suicidal risk among subjects with a low cholesterol level. Though some contradictory studies do exist, this relationship has been confirmed by several subsequent cohort studies. These findings have challenged the vast public health programs aimed at promoting the decrease of cholesterol, and even suggested to suspend the administration of lipid lowering drugs.
Anti-Inflammatory, Antioxidant, and Anti-Atherosclerotic Effects of Natural Supplements on Patients with FMF-Related AA Amyloidosis: A Non-Randomized 24-Week Open-Label Interventional Study; We aimed to evaluate the effect of a combination of natural products on parameters related to inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and oxidative stress in a cohort of familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) patients with Serum Amyloid A amyloidosis, in a non-randomized, 24-week open-label interventional study. Morinda citrifolia (anti-atherosclerotic-AAL), omega-3 (anti-inflammatory-AIC), and extract with Alaskan blueberry (antioxidant-AOL) were given to patients with FMF-related biopsy-proven AA amyloidosis. Patients were >18 years and had proteinuria (>3500 mg/day) but a normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Arterial flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), carotid intima media thickness (CIMT), and serum biomarkers asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), pentraxin (PTX3), malondialdehyde (MDA), Cu/Zn-superoxide dismutase (Cu/Zn-SOD), and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) were studied at baseline and after 24 weeks of treatment. A total of 67 FMF-related amyloidosis patients (52 male (77.6%); median age 36 years (range 21-66)) were enrolled. At the end of a 24-week treatment period with AAL, AIC, and AOL combination therapy, ADMA, MDA, PTX3, hsCRP, cholesterol, and proteinuria were significantly decreased compared to baseline, while CuZn-SOD, GSH-Px, and FMD levels were significantly increased. Changes in inflammatory markers PTX3, and hsCRP were negatively correlated with FMD change, and positively correlated with decreases in proteinuria, ADMA, MDA, cholesterol, and CIMT. Treatment with AAL, AIC and AOL combination for 24 weeks were significantly associated with reduction in inflammatory markers, improved endothelial functions, and oxidative state. Efficient control of these three mechanisms can have long term cardiovascular and renal benefits for patients with AA amyloidosis.
High Rates of Resolution of Cholestasis in Parenteral Nutrition-Associated Liver Disease with Fish Oil-Based Lipid Emulsion Monotherapy; Objective To determine factors leading to resolution of cholestasis in patients with parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease treated with fish oil-based lipid emulsion (FOLE).
Prostate cancer risk and consumption of fish oils: a dietary biomarker-based case-control study; Experimental studies suggest that the risk of prostate cancer is reduced with the intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from marine foods, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), However, few human studies have been conducted due to difficulties in assessing the dietary intake of these fatty acids. The authors examined the relationship between prostate cancer risk and EPA and DHA in erythrocyte biomarkers in a population-based case-control study in Auckland, New Zealand during 1996-1997 involving 317 prostate cancer cases and 480 age-matched community controls. Reduced prostate cancer risk was associated with high erythrocyte phosphatidylcholine levels of EPA (multivariate relative risk = 0.59; 95% confidence interval 0.37-0.95, upper vs lowest quartile) and DHA (multivariate relative risk = 0.62; 95% confidence interval 0.39-0.98, upper vs lowest quartile). These analyses support evidence from in vitro experiments for a reduced risk of prostate cancer associated with dietary fish oils, possibly acting via inhibition of arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoid biosynthesis. (C) 1999 Cancer Research Campaign.
Lipidomic Analysis of Apoptotic Hela Cells Induced by Paclitaxel; Apoptosis has been shown to be accompanied by changes in cellular phospholipids. In this study, lipidomic strategy was applied to investigate the early changes in Hela cell phospholipid metabolism in response to paclitaxel-induced apoptosis. A total of 240 phospholipid species were profiled and 202 of them were quantified using the NPLC-ESI/MSn procedure. Principal component analysis and partial least squares combined with variable influence on projection were applied to find the potential biomarkers for discrimination between the control and paclitaxel-treated cells. Lysophosphatidylethanolamine and lysophosphatidylcholine species with strong decreasing trends after 6 h of treatment were identified as possible biomarkers for discrimination, which could be backed up by the decreased expression of cPLA(2). In addition, some of phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylinositol, and phosphatidylcholine species with unsaturated fatty acid chains and phosphatidic acid species with saturated fatty acid chains were also indentified as potential biomarkers, and their changes might be closely related to the alteration of cell membrane fluidity happened in apoptotic process. These results showed clearly that phospholipids and related phospholipases played important roles in paclitaxel-induced apoptosis in Hela cells. Our study also demonstrates that lipidomics provide a powerful tool for better understanding anticancer mechanisms of chemotherapeutic agents and for biomarker screening.
Protective effect of docosahexaenoic acid against brain injury in ischemic rats; Evidence suggests that inactivation of cell-damaging mechanisms and/or activation of Cell-survival mechanisms may provide effective preventive or therapeutic interventions to reduce cerebral ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injuries. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an essential Polyunsaturated fatty acid in the central nervous system that has been shown to possess neuroprotective effects. We examined whether different preadministrative protocols of DHA have effects on brain injury after focal cerebral I/R and investigated the potential neuroactive mechanisms involved. Sprague-Dawley rats were intraperitoneally pretreated with DHA once I It or 3 days being Subjected to focal cerebral I/R or daily for 6 weeks before being subjected to focal cerebral I/R. Reduction of brain infarction was found in all three DHA-pretreated groups. The beneficial effect of DHA on the treatment groups was accompanied by decreases in blood-brain barrier disruption, brain edema, malondialdehyde (MDA) production, inflammatory cell infiltration, interleukin-6 (IL-6) expression and caspase-3 activity. Elevation of antioxidative capacity, as evidenced by decreased MDA level and increased superoxide dismutase activity and glutathione level, was detected only in the chronic daily-administration group. The two single-administration groups showed increased phosphorylation of extracellular-signal-regulated kinase (ERK). Elevation of Bcl-2 expression was detected in the chronic daily-administration and 3-day-administration groups. In vitro Study demonstrated that DHA attenuated IL-6 production from stimulated glial cells involving nuclear factor kappa beta inactivation. Therefore, the data Suggest that the neuroprotectivc mechanisms of DHA pretreatment are, in part, mediated by attenuating damaging mechanisms through reduction of cytotoxic factor production and by strengthening survival mechanisms through ERK-mediated and/or Bcl-2-mediated prosurvival cascade. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
THE ASSOCIATIONS OF C-REACTIVE PROTEIN WITH SERUM LEVELS OF POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS AND TRANS FATTY ACIDS AMONG MIDDLE-AGED MEN FROM THREE POPULATIONS; Background: C-reactive protein (CRP) and many fatty acids (FAs) have been linked to cardiovascular disease. Associations of serum CRP with FAs in different populations have not been established. Methods: Participants were 926 men aged 40-49 (2002-2006) from a population-based sample; 310 Whites from Pennsylvania, U.S., 313 Japanese from Shiga, Japan, and 303 Japanese Americans from Hawaii, U.S. Serum CRP (mg/L) was measured using immunosorbent assay while serum FAs (%) were measured using capillary-gas-liquid chromatography. Results: Whites had CRP (mg/L) levels higher than Japanese with Japanese Americans in-between (age-adjusted geometric mean "GM" 0.96, 0.38, 0.66, respectively). Whites had also higher levels of total n-6 FAs (%) and trans fatty acids (TFAs) but lower levels of marine-derived n-3 FAs compared to Japanese (41.78 vs. 35.05, 1.04 vs. 0.58, & 3.85 vs. 9.29, respectively). Japanese Americans had FAs levels in-between the other two populations. Whites had significant inverse trends between CRP and tertiles of total n-6 FAs (GM 1.20, 0.91 & 0.80; p=0.002) and marine-derived n-3 FAs (GM 1.22, 1.00 & 0.72; p<0.001) but a significant positive trend with TFAs (GM 0.80, 0.95 & 1.15; p=0.007). Japanese had a significant inverse trend between CRP and only total n-6 FAs (GM 0.50, 0.35 & 0.31; p<0.001). Japanese Americans had CRP associations with n-3 FAs, n-6 FAs, and TFAs similar to but weaker than Whites. Conclusions: With the exception of consistent inverse association of CRP with total n-6 FAs, there are considerable variations across the three populations in the associations of CRP with different FAs.
Reduction in lipoprotein-associated apoC-III levels following volanesorsen therapy: phase 2 randomized trial results; Elevated apoC-III levels predict increased cardiovascular risk when present on LDL and HDL particles. We developed novel high-throughput chemiluminescent ELISAs that capture apoB, lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)], and apoA-I in plasma and then detect apoC-III on these individual lipoproteins as apoCIII-apoB, apoCIII-Lp(a), and apoCIII-apoAI complexes, respectively. We assessed the effects on these complexes of placebo or 100-300 mg volanesorsen, a generation 2.0+ antisense drug that targets apoC3 mRNA in patients with hypertriglyceridemia, including familial chylomicronemia syndrome (n = 3), volanesorsen monotherapy (n = 51), and as add-on to fibrate (n = 26), treated for 85 days and followed for 176 days. Compared with placebo, volanesorsen was associated with an 82.3 +/- 11.7%, 81.3 +/- 15.7%, and 80.8 +/- 13.6% reduction in apoCIII-apoB, apoC-III-Lp(a), and apoCIII-apoA-I, respectively (300 mg dose; P < 0.001 for all), at day 92. Strong correlations in all assay measures were noted with total plasma apoC-III, chylomicron-apoC-III, and VLDL-apoC-III. In conclusion, novel high-throughput ELISAs were developed to detect lipoprotein-associated apoC-III, including for the first time on Lp(a). Volanesorsen uniformly lowers apoC-III on apoB-100, Lp(a), and apoA-I lipoproteins, and may be a potent agent to reduce triglycerides and cardiovascular risk mediated by apoC-III.
Associations of Cigarette Smoking But Not Serum Fatty Acids with Age-related Macular Degeneration in a Japanese Population; Purpose: To assess modifiable environmental risk factors and protective factors for age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in a native Japanese population.
Validation of the MedDietScore via the determination of plasma fatty acids; Background The purpose of the present work was to validate the MedDietScore by means of plasma fatty acid levels.
Design and rationale of the ODYSSEY DM-DYSLIPIDEMIA trial: lipid-lowering efficacy and safety of alirocumab in individuals with type 2 diabetes and mixed dyslipidaemia at high cardiovascular risk; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is often associated with mixed dyslipidaemia, where non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) levels may more closely align with cardiovascular risk than low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). We describe the design and rationale of the ODYSSEY DM-DYSLIPIDEMIA study that assesses the efficacy and safety of alirocumab, a proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitor, versus lipid-lowering usual care in individuals with T2DM and mixed dyslipidaemia at high cardiovascular risk with non-HDL-C inadequately controlled despite maximally tolerated statin therapy. For the first time, atherogenic cholesterol-lowering with a PCSK9 inhibitor will be assessed with non-HDL-C as the primary endpoint with usual care as the comparator.
Geographic Region, Racial/Ethnic Disparities, and Late-Life Depression: Results From a Large US Cohort of Older Adults; Objectives: To determine associations between geographic region and late-life depression (LLD) severity, item-level symptom burden, and treatment; to evaluate whether racial/ethnic disparities in LLD, previously observed in the overall sample, vary by region. Methods: We included 25,502 VITAL (Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial) participants and administered the Patient Health Questionnaire-8 for depressive symptoms; participants also reported medication and/or counseling care for depression. Multivariable regression analyses were performed. Results: Despite overall lower LLD severity and item-level symptom burden in the Midwest versus Northeast, higher LLD severity and item-level burden were observed among minorities, especially Black and Hispanic adults, compared to non-Hispanic whites in this region. Racial/ethnic disparities in item-level symptoms (e.g., anhedonia, sadness, psychomotor changes) varied by region. There were no significant differences in depression care by region; furthermore, regional variation was not observed in racial disparities in care: e.g., among those with clinician/physician-diagnosed depression, Blacks versus non-Hispanic whites had greater than 50% lower odds of treatment in all regions. Conclusion: LLD varied by geographic region. Furthermore, magni-tudes of racial/ethnic disparities in LLD severity and item-level symptom bur-den, but not depression care, differed by region. (Am J Geriatr Psychiatry 2022; 30:703-716)
Associations between the fatty acid content of triglyceride, visceral adipose tissue accumulation, and components of the insulin resistance syndrome; Many factors are involved in the development of the insulin resistance syndrome, such as visceral obesity and the type of dietary fat. The main purpose of this study was to investigate the relationships between fatty acid content of triglyceride (TG), visceral adipose tissue (AT) accumulation, and metabolic components of the insulin resistance syndrome in a group of 97 Caucasian men with a mean age of 45.1 +/- 7.2 years (29 to 63 years). To reach these objectives, Spearman correlations, group comparisons, and stepwise multiple regression analyses were performed. The proportion of palmitic acid (16:0) in the TG fraction was positively associated with plasma fasting insulin (r = .25, P = .03), diastolic (r = .45, P < .001), and systolic (r = .29, P = .003) blood pressure. On the other hand, the proportion of a-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) was associated negatively with apolipoprotein (apo) B (r = -.29, P = .005) and positively with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) diameter (r = .29, P = .007), while the proportion of gamma-linolenic acid (18:3n-6) was associated negatively with plasma TG (r = -.33, P = .003), diastolic (r = -.29, P = .01), and systolic (r = -.35, P = .002) blood pressure and plasma fasting insulin (r = -.37, P = .0005) and positively with high-density lipoprotein (HDL)(2)-cholesterol (r = .27, P = .01) and LDL diameter (r = .25, P = .02). Stepwise multiple regression analyses were conducted to determine the contribution of visceral AT, body fat mass, and the fatty acid content of TG to the variance of metabolic variables studied. It was found that visceral AT contributed significantly to the variance in plasma TG (R-2 = 20.7%, P < .0001), apo B (R-2 = 9.0%, P = .007), HDL2-cholesterol (R-2 = 17.9%, P < .0001), LDL diameter (R-2 = 4.9%, P = .02), and area under the glucose curve (AUC-glucose) (R-2 = 8.2%, P = .006). On the other hand, body fat mass contributed significantly to the variance in fasting insulin (R-2 = 19.7%, P < .0001) and diastolic (R-2 = 6.8%, P = .007) and systolic (R-2 = 10.5%, P = .01) blood pressure. At least one fatty acid made a significant contribution to the variance of each metabolic variable studied. In fact, the proportion of 18:3n-6 contributed significantly to the variance in both TG (R-2 = 8.9%, P = 0.007) and HDL2-cholesterol (R-2 = 6.0%, P = .01). Moreover, 18:3n-3 contributed to the variance of apo B (R-2 = 7.0%, P = .02), while 18:3n-6 made the largest contribution to the variance of LDL diameter (R-2 = 7.6%, P = .02). Finally, 16:0 significantly contributed to the variance of AUC-glucose (R-2 = 11.4%, P = .0003), diastolic (R-2 = 25.2%, P < .0001), and systolic (R-2 = 6.8%, P = .002) blood pressure. In summary, results of this study suggest that the fatty acid content of TG is associated with many metabolic variables of the insulin resistance syndrome independently of body fat mass or visceral AT accumulation. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relationships between antioxidants, antioxidant enzyme activities and lipid peroxidation products during early development in <i>Dentex dentex</i> eggs and larvae; The overall aim is the characterization of the antioxidant systems in marine fish during early development in order to enhance growth and quality of early life stages by avoiding oxidation problems that may cause pathologies and disease. The present study determined the activities of the antioxidant system enzymes and levels of vitamin E, lipid peroxidation products and fatty acids during early development without exogenous feeding in the marine fish, Dentex dentex. Samples of fertilized eggs just prior to hatch, newly hatched larvae and unfed larvae up to day 9 after hatch were analysed on a daily basis. The larvae did not grow during the experiment and by day 9 the surviving larvae weighed only a third of the newly hatched larvae. Lipid was a major energy source during this period of starvation as evidenced by greatly decreased amounts of total lipid due to a preferential utilisation of neutral lipids. All groups of fatty acids (saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated) were consumed throughout the starvation period. Vitamin E levels were relatively constant until significantly declining by days 8 and 9. Similarly, levels of lipid-soluble fluorescent products (LSFP) were relatively constant until day 6 and then significantly decreased from days 7 to 9. In contrast, the level of malondialdehyde (MDA) was very high in eggs but was 3-fold lower in newly hatched larvae and then decreased over the whole time-course and was also significantly lower on days 8 and 9. The activities of enzymes of the antioxidation system were expressed in both eggs and early larvae and varied during the developmental period with levels of catalase and glutathione peroxidase (GPX) being initially low in eggs whereas glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) were higher in eggs than in larvae. Overall, the activities of catalase and GPX increased, whereas GST and total SOD activities decreased, during the early stages of development during a period where there was no exogenous dietary input into the larvae. Glutathione reductase activity was very low and showed an increasing trend initially until days 2-3 before declining and varying over the remaining period. In conclusion, we determined the prooxidant (polyunsaturated fatty acid) status, antioxidant status (vitamin E), peroxidation status (MDA and LSFP) and the activities of the antioxidant enzyme systems in a single integrated study in unfed marine fish larvae during early development. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary Bitter Melon Seed Increases Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor-γ Gene Expression in Adipose Tissue, Down-Regulates the Nuclear Factor-κB Expression, and Alleviates the Symptoms Associated with Metabolic Syndrome; The objective of this study was to examine the extent to which bitter melon seed (BMS) alleviates the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome and elucidate the mechanism by which BMS exerts beneficial effects. Three-month-old female Zucker rats were assigned to following groups: lean control (L-Ctrl), obese control (O-Ctrl), and obese BMS (O-BMS). The control groups were fed AIN-93M purified rodent diet, and the O-BMS group was fed AIN-93M diet modified to contain 3.0% (wt/wt) ground BMS for 100 days. After 100 days of treatment, BMS supplementation in the obese rats lowered the total serum cholesterol by 38% and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels by about 52% and increased the ratio of serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol to total cholesterol compared to the O-Ctrl group. The percentage of total liver lipids was about 32% lower and serum triglyceride levels were 71% higher in the O-BMS group compared to the O-Ctrl group. Serum glucose levels were significantly lowered partly because of the increase in the serum insulin levels in the BMS-based diet groups. BMS supplementation increased the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) in the white adipose tissue of the obese rats significantly (P < .05) and down-regulated the expression of PPAR-gamma, nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), and interferon-g mRNA in heart tissue of the obese rats. The findings of this study suggest that BMS improves the serum and liver lipid profiles and serum glucose levels by modulating PPAR-gamma gene expression. To our knowledge, this study for the first time shows that BMS exerts cardioprotective effects by down-regulating the NF-kappa B inflammatory pathway.
Effect of Long-term Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> Supplementation vs Placebo on Risk of Depression or Clinically Relevant Depressive Symptoms and on Change in Mood Scores A Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance Low levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D have been associated with higher risk for depression later in life, but there have been few long-term, high-dose large-scale trials.
Habitual fish oil use and risk of COVID-19-related outcomes: Evidence from a large scale cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis; Background & aims: Previous findings for the effects of fish oil on COVID-19-related outcomes remain largely inconclusive and controversy persists. Large population-based studies in real-life settings are required to explore the impact of habitual fish oil use on Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)-related hospitalization and death. To investigate the associations between habitual fish oil use and SARS-CoV-2infection, COVID-19-related outcome.Methods: Cohort study based on the UK Biobank. 466,572 participants were enrolled. For Mendelian randomization (MR) study, single-nucleotide variants were selected for exposures of fish-oil-derived n-3 PUFAs, including docosapentaenoic acid (DPA).Results: 146,969 (31.5%) participants reported their habitual fish oil use at baseline. Compared with non-fish-oil-users, the hazard ratios for habitual users were 0.97 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94 to 0.99) for SARS-CoV-2 infection, 0.92 (95% CI 0.85 to 0.98) for COVID-19-related hospitalization and 0.86 (95% CI 0.75 to 0.98) for COVID-19-related death. MR showed that a higher level of circulating DPA is casually associated with a lower risk of severe COVID-19 (IVW, odds ratio = 0.26, 95% CI 0.08-0.88, P = 0.030).Conclusions: In this large cohort, we found that habitual fish oil use was significantly associated with lower risks of SARS-CoV-2 infection, hospitalization and death from COVID-19. MR analyses further support a possible causal role of DPA, one of the components of fish oil and valid biomarkers of dietary intake, in reducing the risk of severe COVID-19. & COPY; 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Nutritional requirements of redlip mullet .3. Preliminary experiment on the requirement of larval redlip mullet for essential fatty acids, and the supplemental effect of Nannochloropsis to rearing water; A feeding experiment for redlip mullet larvae (4.58+/-0.25 mm TL) on the EFA requirement was conducted by using rotifers enriched with ethyl esters of four kinds of fatty acids: linoleic acid, LA; linolenic acid, LNA; eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA. Larvae receiving rotifers enriched with LA and LNA showed typical symptoms of EFA deficiency syndromes, and obtained poor growth and high mortality. On the other hand, the larvae receiving rotifers enriched with EPA and/or DHA showed better growth, activity, and survival rates. These results suggested that the redlip mullet larvae required n-3HUFA like EPA and DHA as their essential fatty acids. Also, the supplemental effect of unicellular alga Nannochloropsis sp. to rearing water was investigated from the view point of EFA requirement. The n-3HUFA content in rotifer cultured with Nannochloropsis decreased linearly after they transferred into sea water. However, when 40-50 x 10(4) cells/ml of Nannochloropsis was introduced to a rearing tank, the n-3HUFA content in rotifer remained without decreasing for 6 hours. The larvae reared in the tank with Nannochloropsis supplement showed better growth than those of non- or fewer-supplement groups.
Relation of plasma ceramides to visceral adiposity, insulin resistance and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus: the Dallas Heart Study; Aims/hypothesisCeramides are sphingolipids that contribute to insulin resistance in preclinical studies. We hypothesised that plasma ceramides would be associated with body fat distribution, insulin resistance and incident type 2 diabetes in a multi-ethnic cohort.MethodsA total of 1557 participants in the Dallas Heart Study without type 2 diabetes underwent measurements of metabolic biomarkers, fat depots by MRI and plasma ceramides by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Diabetes outcomes were assessed after 7years. Associations of body fat and insulin resistance with ceramides at baseline and of ceramides with incident diabetes outcomes were analysed.ResultsThe cohort had a mean age of 43years, with 58% women, 45% black participants and a mean BMI of 28kg/m(2). Total cholesterol levels were associated with all ceramides, but higher triacylglycerols and lower HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin were associated only with saturated fatty acid chain ceramides (p<0.0003). After adjusting for clinical characteristics and total body fat, visceral adipose tissue was positively associated with saturated fatty acid ceramides (per SD, =0.16 to 0.18) and inversely associated with polyunsaturated fatty acid ceramides (=-0.14 to -0.16, p<0.001 for all). Lower-body subcutaneous fat showed an opposite pattern to that for visceral fat. HOMA-IR was positively associated with saturated (=0.08 to 0.09, p<0.001) and inversely with polyunsaturated ceramides (=-0.06 to -0.07, p<0.05). Ceramides were not associated with incident type 2 diabetes after adjustment for clinical factors.Conclusions/interpretationPlasma ceramides demonstrate a biologically complex relationship with metabolic and imaging indicators of dysfunctional adiposity. The role of ceramides in a shared pathway of metabolic dysfunction linking visceral adiposity and insulin resistance requires further investigation.
Docosahexaenoic acid does not affect aggression of normal volunteers under nonstressful conditions. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study; We previously found that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake prevents aggression enhancement at times of mental stress. In the present study we investigated changes in aggression under nonstressful conditions. Forty-six students of two universities took either DHA-rich fish oil capsules containing 1.5 g DHA (DHA group: 13 males and 9 females) or control oil capsules containing 97% soybean oil plus 3% of another fish oil (control group: 11 males and 13 females) for 3 mon in a double-blind fashion. At the start and end of the study they took an aggression-estimating test (P-F Study) without a stressor component. DHA (5.9 to 8.5%, P < 0.001) and eicosapentaenoic acid (0.7 to 1.5%, P < 0.001) increased in red blood cell phospholipids in the DHA group, while linoleic acid increased slightly (8.3 to 9.1%, P < 0.002) in the soybean oil control group. In the control group, measured aggression levels decreased from 34.8 to 29.4% (P < 0.005), whereas they remained stable In the DHA group (33.5 to 33.8%). The intergroup differences(-5.4 vs. 0.3%) were marginally significant(P less than or equal to 0.05). Aggression levels were stable in the DHA group whether there was stressor las previously shown) or not. This effect of DHA appears to be interesting, considering the reported association between a low intake of n-3 fatty acids and depression.
Increased hemoglobin and heme in MALDI-TOF MS analysis induce ferroptosis and promote degeneration of herniated human nucleus pulposus; Background Neovasculogenesis is characteristic of herniated lumbar discs, in which extruded nucleus pulposus is prone to heme iron-induced cytotoxicity (increased oxidative stress causing ferroptosis). However, recent analyses of neovascularization are very complicated, and the mechanism of action is rarely reported. Methods Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) was performed to analyze human herniated and nonherniated nucleus pulposus. Then, the clinical relevance of the MALDI-TOF MS results and Pfirrmann classification of the degenerative nucleus pulposus were analyzed. To explore the mechanism, the heme-induced ferroptosis effect was evaluated at both the tissue and cell levels using high-resolution MALDI-TOF MS and molecular biology methods. Results The spectra revealed that hemoglobin (Hb) and heme signals were greatly increased, thus serving as predictors of vasculogenesis in herniated nucleus pulposus. The clinical relevance analysis demonstrated that the intensity of Hb and heme peaks was closely related to the Pfirrmann classification of degenerative nucleus pulposus. Mechanistically, increased heme catabolism and downregulation of glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) levels were detected in herniated nucleus pulposus, reflecting iron-dependent cell death or ferroptosis. Iron levels was also increased in herniated nucleus pulposus compared with that in nonherniated nucleus pulposus. Furthermore, accuracy mass measurements confirmed that the levels of ferroptosis-related metabolites, such as glutathione, arachidonic acid (AA), sphinganine, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle metabolites, were significantly different between herniated and nonherniated tissues, indicating that the interior of the herniated tissues is a pro-oxidant environment. Moreover, heme-induced ferroptosis was verified in human nucleus pulposus cells (HNPCs), and the underlying mechanism might be associated with the Notch pathway. Conclusions Neovascularization in herniated nucleus pulposus may expose tissues to high levels of heme, which can induce cytotoxicity and ferroptosis within tissues and accelerate the progressive degeneration of herniated nucleus pulposus. This study is beneficial for understanding the pathological mechanism of herniated nucleus pulposus and facilitating the development of nonoperative interventions for treating lumbar disc herniation (LDH).
Butyrate Improves the Metabolic Disorder and Gut Microbiome Dysbiosis in Mice Induced by a High-Fat Diet; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) is one of the major causes of coronary artery diseases (CAD). Gut microbiome diversity and its natural fermentation products are not only correlated with MS and CAD, but their correlations also appear to be stronger than the associations with traditional risk factors. Therefore, the aim of this study was to provide a new potential pathway for the natural fermentation product butyrate to improve MS and to examine whether it is associated with serum metabolic profiles and gut flora composition.
Qualitative and Quantitative Evaluation of Dietary Intake in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis; There are very few reports about the intake of nutrients for the development or progression of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). The aim of this study was to identify the dietary habits and the nutrient intake in patients with NASH, in comparison to chronic hepatitis C (HCV)-related patients. We prospectively evaluated the intake of macronutrients and micronutrients in 124 NAFLD and 162 HCV patients, compared to 2326 subjects as a control group. We noticed major differences in macro- and micronutrients intakes in NASH and HCV patients compared to controls. Proteins, carbohydrate (glucose, fructose, sucrose, maltose and amide), saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), folic acid, vitamin A and C (p < 0.0001), and thiamine (p < 0.0003) ingestion was found to be higher in patients with NASH, while total lipids, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), riboflavin and vitamin B6 daily intake were lower compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Similarly, NASH patients had significantly reduced carbohydrate intake (p < 0.0001) and an increased intake of calcium (p < 0.0001) compared to HCV positive patients. Finally, we showed in NASH males an increase in the intake of SFA, PUFA, soluble carbohydrates (p < 0.0001) and a decrease in the amount of fiber (p < 0.0001) compared to control males. In NASH female population, we showed an increase of daily total calories, SFA, MUFA, soluble carbohydrates, starch and vitamin D ingested (p < 0.0001) with a reduction of fibers and calcium (p < 0.0001) compared to control females. This study showed how NASH patients' diets, in both male and females, is affected by a profound alteration in macroand micronutrients intake.
Diets containing traditional and novel green leafy vegetables improve liver fatty acid profiles of spontaneously hypertensive rats; Background: The consumption of green leafy vegetables (GLVs) has been demonstrated to reduce the risks associated with cardiovascular and other diseases. However, no literature exists that examines the influence of traditional and novel GLVs on the liver fatty acid profile of an animal model genetically predisposed to developing hypertension. The aim of the present study was to examine the effects of diets containing 4% collard greens, purslane or sweet potato greens on the liver fatty acid profiles of four-week old male spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs, N = 44). Following four weeks consumption of the diets, liver fatty acid profiles were determined by gas-liquid chromatography of transesterified fatty acid methyl esters.
A trial assessing N-3 as treatment for injury-induced cachexia (ATLANTIC trial): does a moderate dose fish oil intervention improve outcomes in older adults recovering from hip fracture?; Background: Proximal femoral fractures are associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Pre-existing malnutrition and weight loss amongst this patient group is of primary concern, with conventional nutrition support being largely ineffective. The inflammatory response post proximal femoral fracture surgery and the subsequent risk of cachexia may explain the inability of conventional high energy high protein management to produce an anabolic response amongst these patients. Omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oils have been extensively studied for their anti-inflammatory benefits. Due to their anti-inflammatory properties, the benefit of fish oil combined with individualized nutrition support amongst proximal femoral fracture patients post surgery is an attractive potential therapeutic strategy. The aim of the ATLANTIC trial is to assess the potential benefits of an anti-inflammatory dose of fish oil within the context of a 12 week individualised nutrition program, commencing seven days post proximal femoral fracture surgery.
Early performance, stress- and disease-sensitivity in rainbow trout fry <i>(Oncorhynchus mykiss)</i> after total dietary replacement of fish oil with rapeseed oil. Effects of EPA and DHA supplementation; Different vegetable oils have been investigated as potential substitutes of fish oil in aquaculture feed and several of them have proven to be successful in terms of fish growth rates, survival rates, biometric indices or feeding efficiency, even when used as the only oils in the feed. However, final fish product composition (fish whole body or fish fillet) usually reflects feed composition, and fish products from fish fed with only vegetable oils usually show a deficiency in long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The welfare and health consequences for the fish of these alterations of the fatty acid profile are not well known. In the current study, three experimental diets using supercritically defatted fish meal as well as rapeseed oil as a 100% replacement of fish oil, and differing in essential fatty acid (eicosapentaneoid acid -EPA, docosahexaenoic acid -DHA) supplementation, were tested in rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss. The growth performance, feed conversion ratio and digestive enzyme profiles were evaluated. Further, stress-and infection-challenge experiments were performed to assess the robustness of the fish against stress and disease. The trout fry fed the experimental diets showed a different fatty acid profile than fish fed a commercial diet, with lower EPA and DHA levels but higher linolenic acid (18:3n-3) and oleic acid (18:1n-9) levels. No significant effects were found in growth performance, feed conversion ratio or digestive enzymatic activity among diets. The fish stress responsiveness (brain and plasma stress marker response) to acute and repeated stressors was in general also similar irrespective of the diet. Infection trials, however, showed a differential ability of the fish to survive upon a controlled infection with the bacterium Flavobacterium psychrophilum. Fish fed with the experimental diets displayed higher mortalities than fish fed a commercial trout fry diet. The current results highlight the need of further research on nutritional requirements to optimize the disease resilience in farmed fish. These results also demonstrate that the adaptation of the fish to new formulated feed (in this case associated to plant oil ingredients) should not be assessed solely based on the growth performance of the fish. Other aquaculture relevant welfare indicators, as disease or stress resilience, should be part of a more complete assessment of feed adequacy for fish farming purposes.
Growth performance and immune status in common carp <i>Cyprinus carpio</i> as affected by plant oil-based diets complemented with β-glucan; Omnivorous fish species such as the common carp (Cyprinus carpio) are able to biosynthesise long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) from plant oil PUFA precursors, but the influence of the amount and quality of the LC-PUFAs biosynthesised from these oils on the immunocompetence status of the fish has received little attention. This study aims to evaluate whether the conversion of PUFA by carp induces a sufficient biosynthesis of LC-PUFA to maintain a good immunocompetence status in this species. Six iso-nitrogenous (crude protein = 39.1%) and iso-lipidic (crude lipids = 10%) diets containing three different lipid sources (cod liver oil (CLO) as fish oil; linseed oil (LO) and sunflower oil (SFO) as plant oils) were formulated with or without beta-glucan supplementation at 0.25 g/kg diet. Juvenile carp (16.3 +/- 0.6 g initial body weight) were fed a daily ration of 4% body weight for 9 weeks and then infected at day 64 with the bacteria Aeromonas hydrophyla. No significant differences in survival rate, final body weight, specific growth rate and feed conversion rate were observed between diets. After bacterial infection, mortality rate did not differ between fish fed CLO and plant oil-based diets, indicating that the latter oils did not affect the overall immunocompetence status of common carp. Plant oil-based diets did not alter lysozyme activity in healthy and infected fish. No negative effects of plant oils on complement activity (ACH50) were observed in healthy fish, even if both plant oil-based diets induced a decrease in stimulated fish two days after infection. Furthermore, the levels of various immune genes (nk, lys, il-8, pla, pge, alox) were not affected by plant oil-based diets. The expression of pla and pge genes were higher in SFO-fed fish than in CLO ones, indicating that this plant oil rich in linoleic acid (LA) better stimulated the eicosanoid metabolism process than fish oil. In response to beta-glucan supplementation, some innate immune functions seemed differentially affected by plant oil-based diets. LO and SFO induced substantial LC-PUFA production, even if fish fed CLO displayed the highest EPA and DHA levels in tissues. SFO rich in LA induced the highest ARA levels in fish muscle while LO rich in a-linolenic acid (ALA) sustained higher EPA production than SFO. A significantly higher fads -6a expression level was observed in SFO fish than in LO ones, but this was not observed for elov15 expression. In conclusion, the results show that common carp fed plant oil-based diets are able to produce substantial amounts of LC-PUFA for sustaining growth rate, immune status and disease resistance similar to fish fed a fish oil-based diet. The differences in the production capacity of LC-PUFAs by the two plant oil-based diets were associated to a differential activation of some immune pathways, explaining how the use of these oils did not affect the overall immunocompetence of fish challenged with bacterial infection. Moreover, plant oil-based diets did not induce substantial negative effects on the immunomodulatory action of beta-glucans, confirming that these oils are suitable for sustaining a good immunocompetence status in common carp.
Unsaturated fatty acids are inversely associated and <i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 ratios are positively related to inflammation and coagulation markers in plasma of apparently healthy adults; Background: Blood lipids and inflammatory markers levels have been associated with the development and progression of atherosclerosis. As the association of inflammatory markers with plasma fatty acids has not been extensively evaluated and understood, we sought to investigate the associations between dietary and plasma fatty acids with various inflammation and coagulation markers.
Membrane lipid modification by polyunsaturated fatty acids sensitizes oligodendroglial OLN-93 cells against oxidative stress and promotes up-regulation of heme oxygenase-1 (HSP32); Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are highly abundant in brain tissue, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) might protect cells from oxidative stress (OS) during inflammation and demyelinating disorders, but also might exert pro-oxidant effects. Here we investigated if PUFA supplements lead to heat shock protein induction, altered cell survival properties and stress responses to OS exerted by hydrogen peroxide in oligodendroglial OLN-93 cells. The data show that supplements of various fatty acids (FA) with 18-22 carbons chain length and 2-6 double bonds led to PUFA enrichment in cellular membranes. Depending on the degree of desaturation, FA-supplements caused the up-regulation of heme oxygenase-1 (HSP32), a stress protein inducible by OS, and an increase in sensitivity to hydrogen peroxide-treatment. DHA, with the highest number of double bonds, was most effective. Co-treatment with DHA and the lipophilic vitamin E analogue alpha-tocopherol, suppressed heme oxygenase-1 up-regulation and cell survival was restored. Analysis of the lipid profile demonstrates that alpha-tocopherol not only has antioxidant capacities, but also directly modified the PUFA profile in cell membranes. Enrichment with higher omega-3, -6 and -9 PUFA and an increase in the biosynthesis rate of very long chain fatty acids, mainly changed the FA profile of ethanolamine and serine phosphoglycerides.
Fatty Acid Composition and Biological Activities of <i>Tanacetum</i> <i>zahlbruckneri</i> (Nab.) Grierson Growing in Turkey; n-Hexane extracts of the roots, stems and flowers of Tanacetum zahlbruckneri (Nab.) Grierson (Asteraceae) were analysed for their fatty acid contents by Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectroscopy (GC-MS) method and their antimicrobial and insecticidal activities were evaluated as well. Total FAMEs percentages of the n-hexane extracts were detected as 69.94, 73.72 and 87.29 in the roots, in the stems and in the flowers, respectively. While palmitic acid was found as a major component for roots (26.12 %) and stems (21.28 %), flowers contain 33.78 % of linoleic acid as a major component. Roots and stems also contain considerable amount of a-linoleic acid as 15.30 % and 18.09 %, respectively. Additionally, a-linolenic acid percentage was found as 17.17 in the stems. Single dose screening insecticidal activity tests with Sitophilus granarius (L.) showed that n-hexane root extract has a considerably high bioactivity (83 % mortality at 100 g/L dose after 48 h). While antibacterial activity results ranged between 0.625-1.25 mg/mL for all three extracts, the antifungal activity was observed of the flowers as 0.156 mg/mL, against C. parapsilosis and C. albicans.
In humans, the seasonal variation in poly-unsaturated fatty acids is related to the seasonal variation in violent suicide and serotonergic markers of violent suicide; Background: Depression is accompanied by a depletion of n-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). There is also a negative correlation between suicide and fish-oil intake (rich in n-3 PUFAs) across different countries. Both depression and suicide show a seasonal variation and are related to disorders in the serotonergic system.
Molecular Dynamics Simulations Provide Insight into the Loading Efficiency of Proresolving Lipid Mediators Resolvin D1 and D2 in Cell Membrane-Derived Nanovesicles; Resolvins D1 and D2 (RvDs) are structural isomers and metabolites of docosahexaenoic acid, an omega-3 fatty acid, enzymatically produced in our body in response to acute inflammation or microbial invasion. Resolvins have been shown to play an essential role in the resolution of inflammation, tissue repair, and return to homeostasis and thus are actively pursued as potential therapeutics in treating inflammatory disorders and infectious diseases. However, effective in vivo delivery of RvDs continues to be a challenging task. Recent studies demonstrated that RvD1 or RvD2 loaded in cell membrane-derived nanovesides significantly increased therapeutic efficacy in treating murine peritonitis and ischemic stroke, respectively. The mechanistic details of how the subtle structural difference between RvD1 and RvD2 alters their molecular interactions with the membrane lipids of the nanovesides and thus affects the loading efficiency remain unknown. Here, we report the encapsulation profiles of the neutral and ionized species of both RvD1 and RvD2 determined with the cell membrane-derived nanovesides at pH values 5.4 and 7.4, respectively. Also, we performed microsecond time-scale all-atom molecular dynamics (MD) simulations in explicit water to elucidate the molecular interactions of both neutral and ionized species of RvD1 and RvD2 with the lipid bilayer using a model membrane system, containing 1,2-dimyristoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (DMPC) and cholesterol. We found that the differences in the position and chirality of hydroxyl groups in RvD1 and RvD2 affected their location, orientation, and conformations within the bilayer. Surprisingly, the deprotonation of their carboxyl group caused their orientation and conformation to change from a fully extended one that is oriented in parallel to the membrane plane to a J-shaped bent conformation that is oriented perpendicular to the bilayer plane. Our studies offer valuable insight into the molecular interactions of RvD1/D2 with the lipid bilayer in atomistic details and provide a mechanistic explanation for the observed differences in the encapsulation profiles of RvD1 and RvD2, which may facilitate the rational design of nanovesicle-based therapeutics for treating inflammatory diseases.
Postprandial. serum triacylglycerols and oxidative stress in mice after consumption of fish oil, soy oil or olive oil: Possible role for paraoxonase-1 triacylglycerol lipase-like activity; Objective: Postprandial triacylglycerols and oxidative stress responses are influenced by the type of fat consumed. We investigated the effect of individual unsaturated fatty acids or oils (fish; soy, or olive) on postprandial triglyceridemia response in association with serum resistance to oxidation and paraoxonase-1 (PON1) activity.
Nutritional composition and toxicity profile of <i>Cantharellus species</i> (Purple Mushroom) in rats; Cantharellus species (Purple mushroom) natively known as Ero ububa in Southeastern Nigeria is used for nutritional and medicinal purposes. This study evaluated the nutritional composition of ero ububa and its toxicity profile in rats. Proximate, phytochemicals, minerals, vitamins, fatty acids and amino acids were analyzed using standard biochemical methods. The acute toxicity experiment was performed by administering a single dose of upto 5g/kg of the mushroom extract (n=5/group/sex) and rats were monitored for any toxic signs or mortality. For subacute toxicity experiment, the mushroom extract was orally administered at the doses of 500, 1000 and 1500 mg/kg for 14 days. The haematological, biochemical and histopathology of the rats were evaluated. Ero ububa had high carbohydrate (64.24%) and protein (13.71%) contents and low lipid content (3.12%). The phytochemical analysis revealed the presence of important bioactive compounds: alkaloid (0.51%) and flavonoids (1.60%). Mineral content showed a high trend in mg/100g in the order of Ca2+ >K+ > P> Mg2+ > Na+ > Zn2+> Fe2+. The results revealed high amount of vitamins A, B-3 and C; reasonable amount of essential and non-essential amino acids as well as high unsaturated fatty acid (oleic acid (12.45%). In acute toxicity test, oral administration of 5g/kg body weight did not produce any mortality or toxic effects. The subacute toxicity study showed significant increase (p<0.05) in packed cell volume and platelets, however no effects (p>0.05) were observed in the other white blood cell and red blood cell indices. Biochemical studies revealed significant decrease (p<0.05) in urea, creatinine, sodium and alkaline phosphatase. No significant (p>0.05) effects were recorded in aspartate and alanine aminotransferases, potassium, bicarbonate, chloride and lipid profile parameters. Histopathological examination of the liver and kidney did not show any pathological changes. The results of this study revealed that purple mushroom (ero ububa) is highly nutritious and non-toxic in rats at the tested doses and therefore can be used for medicinal and culinary purposes. (C) 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of African Institute of Mathematical Sciences / Next Einstein Initiative.
Blood fatty acid patterns are associated with prostate cancer risk in a prospective nested case-control study; Background Circulating fatty acids are highly correlated with each other, and analyzing fatty acid patterns could better capture their interactions and their relation to prostate cancer. We aimed to assess the associations between data-derived blood fatty acid patterns and prostate cancer risk.
Association of dietary and nutritional factors with cognitive decline, dementia, and depressive symptomatology in older individuals according to a neurogenesis-centred biological susceptibility to brain ageing; Hippocampal neurogenesis (HN) occurs throughout the life course and is important for memory and mood. Declining with age, HN plays a pivotal role in cognitive decline (CD), dementia, and late-life depression, such that altered HN could represent a neurobiological susceptibility to these conditions. Pertinently, dietary patterns (e.g., Mediterranean diet) and/or individual nutrients (e.g., vitamin D, omega 3) can modify HN, but also modify risk for CD, dementia, and depression. Therefore, the interaction between diet/nutrition and HN may alter risk trajectories for these ageing-related brain conditions. Using a subsample (n = 371) of the Three-City cohort-where older adults provided information on diet and blood biobanking at baseline and were assessed for CD, dementia, and depressive symptomatology across 12 years-we tested for interactions between food consumption, nutrient intake, and nutritional biomarker concentrations and neurogenesis-centred susceptibility status (defined by baseline readouts of hippocampal progenitor cell integrity, cell death, and differentiation) on CD, Alzheimer's disease (AD), vascular and other dementias (VoD), and depressive symptomatology, using multivariable-adjusted logistic regression models. Increased plasma lycopene concentrations (OR [95% CI] = 1.07 [1.01, 1.14]), higher red meat (OR [95% CI] = 1.10 [1.03, 1.19]), and lower poultry consumption (OR [95% CI] = 0.93 [0.87, 0.99]) were associated with an increased risk for AD in individuals with a neurogenesis-centred susceptibility. Increased vitamin D consumption (OR [95% CI] = 1.05 [1.01, 1.11]) and plasma gamma-tocopherol concentrations (OR [95% CI] = 1.08 [1.01, 1.18]) were associated with increased risk for VoD and depressive symptomatology, respectively, but only in susceptible individuals. This research highlights an important role for diet/nutrition in modifying dementia and depression risk in individuals with a neurogenesis-centred susceptibility.
Potential role of the lipoxygenase derived lipid mediators in atherosclerosis: leukotrienes, lipoxins and resolvins; Atherogenesis is an inflammatory process with leukocytes infiltrating the arterial intima. The lipoxygenase pathways play a role in leukocyte recruitment through the generation of two classes of arachidonic acid lipid mediators, the leukotrienes and the lipoxins, and one class of omega-3 fatty acid metabolites, the resolvins. There is evidence from animal studies and human genetic studies that the leukotrienes and the enzymes necessary for their generation play a role in atherosclerosis, and possibly even in the development of the vulnerable plaque. Less is known about the effect of the anti-inflammatory lipid mediators in atherosclerosis, the lipoxins and the resolvins. Studies modulating the activity of an enzyme necessary for the production of these lipid mediators, 12/15-lipoxygenase, showed discrepant results in several animal models. Also, human genetic studies have not clearly dissected the effect of the enzyme on atherosclerosis. However, stable forms of the lipoxins and the resolvins protect animals from inflammatory diseases. Whether blocking the leukotrienes or applying anti-inflammatory lipoxins and resolvins will be effective in attenuating human atherosclerosis needs to be demonstrated in future studies. In this review, the biosynthesis of these lipid mediators, their biological effects and the evidence for their possible role in atherosclerosis are discussed with an emphasis on human disease. Clin Chem Lab Med 2010;48:1063-73.
MUTAGENS FROM HEATED CHINESE AND US COOKING OILS; Background: The lung cancer incidence in Chinese women is among the highest in the world, but tobacco smoking accounts for only a minority of the cancers. Epidemiologic investigations of lung cancer among Chinese women have implicated exposure to indoor air pollution from wok cooking, where the volatile emissions from unrefined cooking oils are mutagenic. Purpose: This study was conducted to identify and quantify the potentially mutagenic substances emitted from a variety of cooking oils heated to the temperatures typically used in wok cooking. Methods: Several cooking oils and fatty acids were heated in a wok to boiling, at temperatures (for the cooking oils) that ranged from 240 degrees C to 280 degrees C (typical cooking temperatures in Shanghai, China). The oils tested were unrefined Chinese rapeseed, refined U.S. rapeseed (known as canola). Chinese soybean, and Chinese peanut in addition to linolenic, linoleic, and erucic fatty acids. Condensates of the emissions were collected and tested in the Salmonella mutation assay (using Salmonella typhimurium tester strains TA98 and TA104). Volatile decomposition products also were subjected to gas chromatography and mass spectroscopy. Aldehydes were detected using high-performance liquid chromatography and UV spectroscopy. Results: 1,3-Butadiene, benzene, acrolein, formaldehyde, and other related compounds were qualitatively and quantitatively detected, with emissions tending to be highest for unrefined Chinese rapeseed oil and lowest for peanut oil. The emission of 1,3-butadiene and benzene was approximately 22-fold and 12-fold higher, respectively, from heated unrefined Chinese rapeseed oil than from heated peanut oil. Lowering the cooking temperatures or adding an antioxidant, such as butylated hydroxyanisole, before cooking decreased the amount of these volatile emissions. Among the individual fatty acids tested, heated linolenic acid produced the greatest quantities of 1,3-butadiene, benzene, and acrolein. Separately, the mutagenicity of individual volatile emission condensates was correlated with linolenic acid content (r = .83; P = .0004). Condensates from heated linolenic acid, but not linoleic or erucic acid, were highly mutagenic. Conclusions: These studies, combined with experimental and epidemiologic findings, suggest that high-temperature wok cooking with unrefined Chinese rapeseed oil may increase lung cancer risk. This study indicates methods that may reduce that risk, Implications: The common use of wok cooking in China might be an important but controllable risk factor in the etiology of lung cancer. In the United States, where cooking oils are usually refined for purity, additional studies should be conducted to further quantify the potential risks of such methods of cooking.
Pulmonary Rehabilitation: The Reference Therapy for Undernourished Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) combines the deleterious effects of chronic hypoxia, chronic inflammation, insulin-resistance, increased energy expenditure, muscle wasting, and exercise deconditioning. As for other chronic disorders, loss of fat-free mass decreased survival. The preservation of muscle mass and function, through the protection of the mitochondrial oxidative metabolism, is an important challenge in the management of COPD patients. As the prevalence of the disease is increasing and the medical advances make COPD patients live longer, the prevalence of COPD-associated nutritional disorders is expected to increase in future decades. Androgenopenia is observed in 40% of COPD patients. Due to the stimulating effects of androgens on muscle anabolism, androgenopenia favors loss of muscle mass. Studies have shown that androgen substitution could improve muscle mass in COPD patients, but alone, was insufficient to improve lung function. Two multicentric randomized clinical trials have shown that the association of androgen therapy with physical exercise and oral nutritional supplements containing omega-3 polyinsaturated fatty acids, during at least three months, is associated with an improved clinical outcome and survival. These approaches are optimized in the field of pulmonary rehabilitation which is the reference therapy of COPD-associated undernutrition.
Nutritional Profiling of Wild (<i>Pangasius pangasius</i>) and Farmed (<i>Pangasius hypophthalmus</i>) Pangasius Catfish with Implications to Human Health; This study analyzed and compared the nutritional profiles of wild (Pangasius pangasius) and farmed (Pangasius hypophthalmus) pangasius catfish collected from the various sources of river and culture ponds in Bangladesh. The results indicated that the wild pangasius catfish had a significantly (p < 0.05) higher levels of moisture, fat and ash content, compared to the farmed one. However, the farmed pangasius had significantly higher level of protein and carbohydrate, compared to wild pangasius. The total EAA ratio was found to be significantly higher (p < 0.05) in wild pangasius (1.51 +/- 0.01 g/100 g), compared to farmed pangasius (1.55 +/- 0.01 g/100 g), which exceeded the FAO/WHO minimum standard of 40% for both species. In regard to fatty acid contents, wild pangasius was found to be rich in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with a mean value of 4.89% and 2.72%, respectively, while the values in the farmed pangasius were 1.07% and 0 (not detected), respectively. A higher omega-3/omega-6 ratio was found in wild pangasius 14.26%, in comparison with farmed pangasius (0.14%). Overall, the results indicated that pangasius catfish either farmed or wild are suitable for human consumption wherein wild pangasius has superior amino acid and fatty acid quality, compared to the pangasius reared in captivity.
The inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE1) endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway promotes MDA-MB-231 cell survival and renewal in response to the aryl-ureido fatty acid CTU; Current treatment options for triple -negative breast cancer (TNBC) are limited to toxic drug combinations of low efficacy. We recently identified an aryl -substituted fatty acid analogue, termed CTU, that effectively killed TNBC cells in vitro and in mouse xenograft models in vivo without producing toxicity. However, there was a residual cell population that survived treatment. The present study evaluated the mechanisms that underlie survival and renewal in CTU-treated MDA-MB-231 TNBC cells. RNA-seq profiling identified several pro -inflammatory signaling pathways that were activated in treated cells. Increased expression of cyclooxygenase-2 and the cytokines IL -6, IL -8 and GM-CSF was confirmed by real-time RT-PCR, ELISA and Western blot analysis. Increased self -renewal was confirmed using the non -adherent, in vitro colony -forming mammosphere assay. Neutralizing antibodies to IL -6, IL -8 and GM-CSF, as well as cyclooxygenase-2 inhibition suppressed the self -renewal of MDAMB-231 cells post-CTU treatment. IPA network analysis identified major NF- kappa B and XBP1 gene networks that were activated by CTU; chemical inhibitors of these pathways and esiRNA knock -down decreased the production of pro -inflammatory mediators. NF- kappa B and XBP1 signaling was in turn activated by the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) -stress sensor inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE1), which mediates the unfolded protein response. Cotreatment with an inhibitor of IRE1 kinase and RNase activities, decreased phospho-NF- kappa B and XBP1s expression and the production of pro -inflammatory mediators. Further, IRE1 inhibition also enhanced apoptotic cell death and prevented the activation of self -renewal by CTU. Taken together, the present findings indicate that the IRE1 ER -stress pathway is activated by the anti -cancer lipid analogue CTU, which then activates secondary selfrenewal in TNBC cells.
DHA, EPA and their combination at various ratios differently modulated Aβ<sub>25-35</sub>-induced neurotoxicity in SH-SY5Y cells; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PUFAs), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have been reported to prevent neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease (AD) in both experimental and clinical/epidemiological studies. However, whether DHA and EPA from natural products exert similar or different neuroprotective effects and how these n - 3 PUFAs target cellular and molecular mechanisms associated with neurodegenerative disease pathogenesis are unknown. In the present study, we used amyloid-beta (A beta)(25-35)-treated differentiated SH-SY5Y cells as a model of AD to compare the neuroprotective effect of DHA, EPA and their combination at various ratios. Administration of 20 mu M A beta(25-35) significantly decreased SH-SY5Y cell viability, the expression of nerve growth factor (NGF), its TrkA receptor, and the level of glutathione (GSH) and increased reactive oxygen species (ROS), nitric oxide, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and its TrkB receptor. A beta(25-35) also increased the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and the expression of Caspase-3 in these cells. Compared with the A beta group, pretreatment with DHA/EPA significantly reduced cell death, especially at ratio of 1:1 and 2:1 DHA/EPA or pure DHA. However, the most efficient ratio for reducing changes in ROS and GSH and for decreasing TNF-alpha appeared at ratio of 1:2 and 1:1, respectively. The ratio of 1:1, 2:1 and pure DHA resulted in significant increase in the level of NGF. Furthermore, pure DHA was the most efficient for reducing Bax/Bcl ratio and Caspase-3 expression. In conclusion, DHA, EPA and their combination differently modulated A beta(25-35)-induced neurotoxicity in SH-SY5Y cells by exerting anti-oxidative, anti-inflammatory and neurotrophic effects.
Fish Oil Ameliorates Doxorubicin Induced Memory Impairment in Wistar Rats; According to the World Health Organization, cancer is the leading cause of death in 112 countries under the age of 70 in 2019. Cognitive impairment is a common chemotherapeutic drug side effect that affects 15-80 % of cancer patients. These cognitive changes persist for one or two years following chemotherapy and sometimes persist for life time. Due to impaired cognitive function, survivors find utmost difficulty to perform day to day activities and lose their independency which has a negative impact on standard of living (SOL). The Antineoplastic drug doxorubicin has been associated with severe neurotoxicity, which manifests as a loss of cognitive abilities, most likely due to oxidative stress in the brain. Naturally occurring Omega-3 fatty acids have potential health benefits. They are abundant in fish oil. Fish oil is used as dietary supplement and is well known for anti-inflammatory, anti-hyperlipidaemia, cardio protective, and antioxidant and neuro protective functions. The current study explored to investigate Fish oil potential neuro protection and memory-improving advantages against Doxorubicin-induced cognitive and neurobiological impairments. The preventive effect of Fish oil against doxorubicin-induced memory impairments in rats was evaluated by using a novel object recognition task and the Morris water maze test. Doxorubicin-induced memory impairment was considerably prevented by fish oil treatment (50 mg/kg and 100 mg/kg). The levels of tumour necrosis factor (TNF-alpha) and acetyl cholinesterase activity were dramatically reduced with both dosages of Fish oil. Furthermore, Fish oil protected the frontal cortex and hippocampus parts of the brain from doxorubicin-induced oxidative and inflammatory damages. These findings suggest that Fish oil may be a promising adjuvant therapeutic option for decreasing doxorubicin-related side effects
Dietary nutrients associated with preservation of lung function in Hispanic and non-Hispanic white smokers from New Mexico; Background: COPD is the third leading cause of death in the United States. Cigarette smoking accelerates the age-related forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) decline, an important determinant for the genesis of COPD. Hispanic smokers have lower COPD prevalence and FEV1 decline than non-Hispanic whites (NHWs).
Nutraceuticals Targeting Generation and Oxidant Activity of Peroxynitrite May Aid Prevention and Control of Parkinson's Disease; Parkinson's disease (PD) is a chronic low-grade inflammatory process in which activated microglia generate cytotoxic factors-most prominently peroxynitrite-which induce the death and dysfunction of neighboring dopaminergic neurons. Dying neurons then release damage-associated molecular pattern proteins such as high mobility group box 1 which act on microglia via a range of receptors to amplify microglial activation. Since peroxynitrite is a key mediator in this process, it is proposed that nutraceutical measures which either suppress microglial production of peroxynitrite, or which promote the scavenging of peroxynitrite-derived oxidants, should have value for the prevention and control of PD. Peroxynitrite production can be quelled by suppressing activation of microglial NADPH oxidase-the source of its precursor superoxide-or by down-regulating the signaling pathways that promote microglial expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS). Phycocyanobilin of spirulina, ferulic acid, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, good vitamin D status, promotion of hydrogen sulfide production with taurine and N-acetylcysteine, caffeine, epigallocatechin-gallate, butyrogenic dietary fiber, and probiotics may have potential for blunting microglial iNOS induction. Scavenging of peroxynitrite-derived radicals may be amplified with supplemental zinc or inosine. Astaxanthin has potential for protecting the mitochondrial respiratory chain from peroxynitrite and environmental mitochondrial toxins. Healthful programs of nutraceutical supplementation may prove to be useful and feasible in the primary prevention or slow progression of pre-existing PD. Since damage to the mitochondria in dopaminergic neurons by environmental toxins is suspected to play a role in triggering the self-sustaining inflammation that drives PD pathogenesis, there is also reason to suspect that plant-based diets of modest protein content, and possibly a corn-rich diet high in spermidine, might provide protection from PD by boosting protective mitophagy and thereby aiding efficient mitochondrial function. Low-protein diets can also promote a more even response to levodopa therapy.
Sea buckthorn, its bioactive constituents, and mechanism of action: potential application in female reproduction; Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) is a flowering shrub, and its berries have been utilized for decades as a raw ingredient in cuisines and herbal remedies. This evidence-based study focuses on its key bioactive constituents, and mechanism of protective effects with a focus on female reproductive processes. Parts of the plant contain phenols, carotenoids (lycopene, carotene, lutein, and zeaxanthin), flavonoids (isorhamnetin, quercetin, glycosides, and kaempferol), tocopherols, sterols, polyunsaturated fatty acids, minerals, vitamins, omega 3, 6, 9 and rare omega 7 fatty acids etc. Key polyphenolic flavonoids such as isorhamnetin and quercetin are believed to be mainly responsible behind its health benefits (against cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome, obesity etc.) through properties including anti-cancer, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities. These sea buckthorn constituents appear to mediate healthy ovarian cell proliferation, death, and hormone release, as well as decrease ovarian cancer possibly through apoptosis, and hormonal (estrogen) release. Thus, sea buckthorn and its bioactive ingredients may have potential in the management of gynecological problems such as uterine inflammation, endometriosis, and easing symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women (by targeting inflammatory cytokines and vascular endothelial growth factor - VEGF). Apigenin, myricetin, and luteolin have also been recommended as prospective ovarian cancer preventative and adjuvant therapy options as they can inhibit ovarian cancerogenesis by triggering apoptosis and halting the cell cycle in ovarian tumors. Furthermore, its oil (containing carotenoid, sterol, and hypericin) has been speculated as an alternative to estrogen replacement therapy for postmenopausal women particularly to improve vaginal epithelial integrity. However, it is uncertain whether steroid hormone receptors, reactive oxygen species (ROS), and inflammatory regulators are actually behind sea buckhorn's actions. Sea buckthorn, and its compounds' health promoting potential warrants further validation not just in vitro and in animal research, but also in clinical trials to identify and/or standardize optimal methods of delivery of biologically active molecules.
Minimizing the cancer-promotional activity of cox-2 as a central strategy in cancer prevention; A recent meta-analysis examining long-term mortality in subjects who participated in controlled studies evaluating the impact of daily aspirin on vascular risk, has concluded that aspirin confers substantial protection from cancer mortality. Remarkably, low-dose aspirin was as effective as higher-dose regimens; hence this protection may be achievable with minimal risk. There is reason to believe that this protection stems primarily from inhibition of cox-2 in pre-neoplastic lesions. Since safe aspirin regimens can only achieve a partial and transitory inhibition of cox-2, it may be feasible to complement the cancer-protective benefit of aspirin with other measures which decrease cox-2 expression or which limit the bioactivity of cox-2-derived PGE2. Oxidative stress boosts cox-2 expression by up-regulating activation of NF-kappaB and MAP kinases; NADPH oxidase activation may thus promote carcinogenesis by increasing cox-2 expression while also amplifying oxidant-mediated mutagenesis. A prospective cohort study has observed that relatively elevated serum bilirubin levels are associated with a marked reduction in subsequent cancer mortality; this may reflect bilirubin's physiological role as a potent inhibitor of NADPH oxidase. It may be feasible to mimic this protective effect by supplementing with spirulina, a rich source of a phycobilin which shares bilirubin's ability to inhibit NADPH oxidase. Ancillary antioxidant measures - phase 2 inducing phytochemicals, melatonin, N-acetylcysteine, and astaxanthin - may also aid cox-2 down-regulation. The cancer protection often associated with high-normal vitamin D status may be attributable, in part, to the ability of the activated vitamin D receptor to decrease cox-2 expression while promoting PGE2 catabolism and suppressing the expression of PGE2 receptors. Diets with a relatively low ratio of omega-6 to long-chain omega-3 fats may achieve cancer protection by antagonizing the production and bioactivity of PGE2. Growth factors such as IGF-I increase cox-2 expression by several complementary mechanisms; hence, decreased cox-2 activity may play a role in the remarkably low mortality from "Western" cancers enjoyed by Third World cultures in which systemic growth factor activity was minimized by quasi-vegan diets complemented by leanness and excellent muscle insulin sensitivity. Practical strategies for achieving a modest degree of calorie restriction may also have potential for down-regulating cox-2 expression while decreasing cancer risk. Soy isoflavones, linked to reduced cancer risk in Asian epidemiology, may suppress cox-2 induction by activating ERbeta. In aggregate, these considerations suggest that a comprehensive lifestyle strategy targeting cox-2 expression and bioactivity may have tremendous potential for cancer prevention. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
TISSUE-LEVELS OF POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS DURING EARLY HUMAN-DEVELOPMENT; Long-chain fatty acids are analyzed in tissues from infants whose cause of death wcs not neurologically related. Total n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated and n-9 monounsaturated fatty acid amounts increased in the whole forebrain during the prenatal and postnatal periods up to at least 2 years of age. The most abundant brain polyunsaturated fatty acids were docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (22:6n-3), arachidonic acid (AA) (20:4n-6), and adrenic acid (22:4n-6). In neonates receiving total parenteral nutrition for several days, the DHA/AA ratio was outside the normal range in the liver but within the normal range in the brain. Two other children received total parenteral nutrition for many months, but only the one born at 29 weeks of gestation had a low brain DHA/AA ratio. Another infant, born at 25 weeks of gestation, had been fed milk formulas containing high linoleate/alpha-linolenate ratios for 4 months. This infant had less DHA and a lower DHA/AA ratio in both the brain and the retina than had term infants. These data suggest that preterm infants are especially at risk for the effects of dietary fatty acid imbalances.
Implications for the seafood industry, consumers and the environment arising from contamination of shellfish with pharmaceuticals, plastics and potentially toxic elements: A case study from Irish waters with a global orientation; Shellfish are a rich source of minerals, B-vitamins and omega-3 to the human diet. The global population is expected to reach 9.6 billion people by 2050 where there will be increased demand for shellfish and for sustained improvements in harvesting. The production of most consumed species of shellfish is sea-based and are thus susceptible to in situ environmental conditions and water quality. Population growth has contributed to expansion of urbanization and the generation of effluent and waste that reaches aquatic environments, potentially contaminating seafood by expo-sure to non-treated effluents or inappropriately discarded waste. Environmental contaminants as microplastics (MP), pharmaceuticals (PHAR) and potentially toxic contaminants (PTE) are being identified in all trophic levels and are a current threat to both shellfish and consumer safety. Immunotoxicity, genotoxicity, fertility reduction, mor-tality and bioaccumulation of PTE are representative examples of the variety of effects already established in contam-inated shellfish. In humans, the consumption of contaminated shellfish can lead to neurological and developmental effects, reproductive and gastrointestinal disorders and in extreme cases, death. This timely review provides insights into the presence of MP, PHAR and PTE in shellfish, and estimate the daily intake and hazard quotient for consumption behaviours. Alternatives approaches for seafood depuration that encompass risk reduction are addressed, to reflect state of the art knowledge from a Republic of Ireland perspective. Review of best-published literature revealed that MP, PHAR and PTE contaminants were detected in commercialised species of shellfish, such as Crassostrea and Mytilus. The ability to accumulate these contaminants by shellfish due to feeding characteristics is attested by extensive in vitro studies. However, there is lack of knowledge surrounding the distribution of these contaminants in the aquatic envi-ronment their interactions with humans. Preventive approaches including risk assessment are necessary to safeguard the shellfish industry and the consumer.
"Colonization pressure" and risk of acquisition of methicillin-resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> in a medical intensive care unit; OBJECTIVE: To determine the roles of "colonization pressure," work load or patient severity in patient acquisition of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in intensive care units (ICUs).
Docosahexaenoic acid inhibits the proliferation of Kras/TP53 double mutant pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma cells through modulation of glutathione level and suppression of nucleotide synthesis; The treatment of cancer cells obtained by blocking cellular metabolism has received a lot of attention recently. Previous studies have demonstrated that Kras mutation-mediated abnormal glucose metabolism would lead to an aberrant cell proliferation in human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells. Previous literature has suggested that consumption of fish oil is associated with lower risk of pancreatic cancer. In this study, we investigated the anti-cancer effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in human PDAC cells in vitro and in vivo. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) significantly inhibited the proliferation of human PDAC cells. The actions of DHA were evaluated through an induction of cell cycle arrest at G1 phase and noticed a decreased expression of cyclin A, cyclin E and cyclin B proteins in HPAF-II cells. Moreover, it was found that co-treatment of DHA and gemcitabine (GEM) effectively induced oxidative stress and cell death in HPAF-II cells. Interestingly, DHA leads to an increased oxidative glutathione /reduced glutathione (GSSG/GSH) ratio and induced cell apoptosis in HPAF-II cells. The findings in the study showed that supplementation of GSH or N-Acetyl Cysteine (NAC) could reverse DHA-mediated cell death in HPAF-II cells. Additionally, DHA significantly increased cellular level of cysteine, cellular NADP/NADPH ratio and the expression of cystathionase (CTH) and SLCA11/xCT antiporter proteins in HPAF-II cells. The action of DHA was, in part, associated with the inactivation of STAT3 cascade in HPAF-II cells. Treatment with xCT inhibitors, such as erastin or sulfasalazine (SSZ), inhibited the cell survival ability in DHA-treated HPAF-II cells. DHA also inhibited nucleotide synthesis in HPAF-II cells. It was demonstrated in a mouse-xenograft model that consumption of fish oil significantly inhibited the growth of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and decreased cellular nucleotide level in tumor tissues. Furthermore, fish oil consumption induced an increment of GSSG/GSH ratio, an upregulation of xCT and CTH proteins in tumor tissues. In conclusion, DHA significantly inhibited survival of PDAC cells both in vitro and in vivo through its recently identified novel mode of action, including an increment in the ratio of GSSG/GSH and NADP/NADPH respectively, and promoting reduction in the levels of nucleotide synthesis.
Design of Foods with Bioactive Lipids for Improved Health; Numerous studies have found an association between the consumption of certain bioactive lipids and improved human health, e. g., the prevention, delay, or treatment of chronic and acute diseases, such as cancer, cardiovascular disease (CVD), osteoporosis, and immune disorders. In this review, we discuss food-based sources and potential beneficial attributes of major dietary bioactive lipids: polyunsaturated fatty acids; carotenoids; phytosterols and phytostanols; and fat-soluble vitamins. We summarize the various challenges associated with incorporating these bioactive lipids into foods and beverages, such as poor water solubility, high melting point, and low chemical stability. Finally, we propose several techniques that have been used to solve the challenges and integrate dietary bioactive lipids into foods for improved health.
Fatty acid composition and proximate of seven fish species of Eastern Island; During the last years the study of fatty acids belonging to omega3 family in marine foods has been emphasized due to their beneficial effects on cardiovascular diseases, which are the main cause of death in occidental countries. as described by literature. In order to obtain mere information about the fatty acid composition of the main marine species fat constituent, usually consumed by Eastern Island population, seven fish species were analyzed: Maito (Acantliurus leucopareius), Matuko (Bodianus vulpinus), Marau (Myripristis tiki), Nanue (Kiphosus bigibus), Moki (Mori and Marari, Anampses caeruleopunctatus), Puia ( Girellops nebulosus) and Raea (Cheilodactilus plessisi). Fatty acid profile and proximate analysis were determined for each species. According to its fat content, Nanue and Marari showed the highest lipid percentage, with values of 2.8 and 3.6% respectively. Fatty acid profile expressed as methyl esters percentage inidicated th at the most important group was th at of the saturated fatty acids (SFA 35,1-54%), followed by the polyunsaturated fatty acids group (PUFA, 22-42,5%). Palmitic acid was the most important between saturated fatty acids,while oleic acid was the main fatty acid between the monounsaturated group. In omega-3 family fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5w3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA,C22:6w3) were the mast important, with values in a range between 2.0-122 and 1.8-18.3%, respectively. Omega-6 family showed a higher content in arachidonic acid (AA,C20:4w6) with values between 1.9 and 10%. Considering the fatty acid composition and the fat content, Marari was the highest in w-3 and w-6 fatty acid contribution, with values of 850 and 240 mg per one hundred grams of edible portion respectively.
Association between sex hormones and ambulatory blood pressure; Introduction: Higher levels of total testosterone and lower levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) have been associated with increased blood pressure (BP) in women with an inverse association between total testosterone and BP among men. Fewer studies have examined associations with 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (ABP), blunted nocturnal BP decline or the role of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), a precursor to androgens.
Hippocampal lipidome and transcriptome profile alterations triggered by acute exposure of mice to GSM 1800 MHz mobile phone radiation: An exploratory study; Background: The widespread use of wireless devices during the last decades is raising concerns about adverse health effects of the radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation (RF-EMR) emitted from these devices. Recent research is focusing on unraveling the underlying mechanisms of RF-EMR and potential cellular targets. The omics high-throughput approaches are powerful tools to investigate the global effects of RF-EMR on cellular physiology.
Pharmacotherapy of Mixed Dyslipidemia in the Metabolic Syndrome; People with metabolic syndrome (MetS) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, and often have increased triglyceride, reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and sometimes moderately increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Lifestyle intervention is critical for treating MetS, while pharmacotherapy of dyslipidemia in MetS remains controversial. Considering the specific lipid profile in MetS, fibrates are typically used as first-line treatment. Nevertheless, first-line therapy should be directed towards LDL-C, even in people with MetS, because of the evidence that lowering LDL-C has cardioprotective effects. Non-HDL-C is considered to be an alternative treatment target for people with moderately or severely elevated triglyceride (>= 200mg/dl). Statins improve lipid profiles principally by lowering LDL-C and may exert anti-inflammatory and anti-atherothrombogenic effects, which ameliorate the fundamental pathophysiology of MetS. Fibrates also have pleiotropic effects that improve cardiometabolic risk factors, including insulin resistance, although they do not have clear cardioprotective effects. Omega-3 fatty acids, niacin, pioglitazone and anti-obesity drugs are also candidates for the treatment of dyslipidemia and other complications in MetS. Another question is whether statins in combination with fibrates or other lipid-lowering drugs has greater cardioprotective properties than monotherapy. In this article, we discuss several issues in the pharmacotherapy of MetS.
Adverse effects of excessive dietary arachidonic acid on survival, PUFA-derived enzymatic and non-enzymatic oxylipins, stress response in rainbow trout fry; Arachidonic acid (C20: 4n-6, AA) plays a fundamental role in fish physiology, influencing growth, survival and stress resistance. However, imbalances in dietary AA can have detrimental effects on fish health and performance. Optimal AA requirements for rainbow trout have not been established. This study aimed to elucidate the effects of varying dietary AA levels on survival, growth, long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) biosynthetic capacity, oxylipin profiles, lipid peroxidation, and stress resistance of rainbow trout fry. Over a period of eight weeks, 4000 female rainbow trout fry at the resorptive stage (0.12 g) from their first feeding were fed diets with varying levels of AA (0.6%, 1.1% or 2.5% of total fatty acids) while survival and growth metrics were closely monitored. The dietary trial was followed by an acute confinement stress test. Notably, while the fatty acid profiles of the fish reflected dietary intake, those fed an AA-0.6% diet showed increased expression of elongase5, highlighting their inherent ability to produce LC-PUFAs from C18 PUFAs and suggesting potential AA or docosapentaenoic acidn-6 (DPAn-6) biosynthesis. However, even with this biosynthetic capacity, the trout fed reduced dietary AA had higher mortality rates. The diet had no effect on final weight (3.38 g on average for the three diets). Conversely, increased dietary AA enhanced eicosanoid production from AA, suggesting potential inflammatory and oxidative consequences. This was further evidenced by an increase in non-enzymatic lipid oxidation metabolites, particularly in the AA-2.5% diet group, which had higher levels of phytoprostanes and isoprostanes, markers of cellular oxidative damage. Importantly, the AA-1.1% diet proved to be particularly beneficial for stress resilience. This was evidenced by higher post-stress turnover rates of serotonin and dopamine, neurotransmitters central to the fish's stress response. In conclusion, a dietary AA intake of 1.1% of total fatty acids appears to promote overall resilience in rainbow trout fry.
Whole Alga, Algal Extracts, and Compounds as Ingredients of Functional Foods: Composition and Action Mechanism Relationships in the Prevention and Treatment of Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus; Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major systemic disease which involves impaired pancreatic function and currently affects half a billion people worldwide. Diet is considered the cornerstone to reduce incidence and prevalence of this disease. Algae contains fiber, polyphenols, omega-3 PUFAs, and bioactive molecules with potential antidiabetic activity. This review delves into the applications of algae and their components in T2DM, as well as to ascertain the mechanism involved (e.g., glucose absorption, lipids metabolism, antioxidant properties, etc.). PubMed, and Google Scholar databases were used. Papers in which whole alga, algal extracts, or their isolated compounds were studied in in vitro conditions, T2DM experimental models, and humans were selected and discussed. This review also focuses on meat matrices or protein concentrate-based products in which different types of alga were included, aimed to modulate carbohydrate digestion and absorption, blood glucose, gastrointestinal neurohormones secretion, glycosylation products, and insulin resistance. As microbiota dysbiosis in T2DM and metabolic alterations in different organs are related, the review also delves on the effects of several bioactive algal compounds on the colon/microbiota-liver-pancreas-brain axis. As the responses to therapeutic diets vary dramatically among individuals due to genetic components, it seems a priority to identify major gene polymorphisms affecting potential positive effects of algal compounds on T2DM treatment.
BRAIN FATTY-ACIDS - THEIR NATURE ROLE AND ORIGIN - THEIR DIETARY IMPORTANCE; Brain is the biological tissue where lipid concentrations are the highest, after the adipose tissue. They play a structural, but not energetical role. More than one third of their fatty acids are polyunsaturated; and they control the membrane architecture and functions. The cerebral development is genetically programmed; if just one step is disturbed, the possibilities of recovery are poor, and there is no neuron and oligodendrocyte renewal. Saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids are mainly  formed in the brain itself and in other organites, according to a complex mechanism. A total deficiency in PUFA from the linoleic and alpha linolenic families leads to death, while the absence of one of them heavily disturbs the brain. In fact, feeding animals with oils having a low content in n-3 fatty acids leads to serious disturbances in the composition of cerebral membranes. Their incidences are analysed. Essential fatty acids in brain tissues could be those with a very long chain  synthetized in the liver, from several precursors. They may also come from the diet. Too much fish oil could be neuro-toxic. During the cerebral development period, there is a linear correlation between the concentrations of n-3 cerebral and dietary fatty acids till the point where the alpha-linolenic intake corresponds to 200 mg per 100 g of foods (0.2 of the calories). The linoleic acid amount necessary for the arachidonic acid synthesis is related to the organ (1200 mg/100 g or 2.4% of the  calories for the liver). Taking into account the respective metabolisms for man and rat, and other factors, the results obtained in rat are necessarily extrapolable to man.
Quality of Life and a Surveillant Endocannabinoid System; The endocannabinoid system (ECS) is an important brain modulatory network. ECS regulates brain homeostasis throughout development, from progenitor fate decision to neuro- and gliogenesis, synaptogenesis, brain plasticity and circuit repair, up to learning, memory, fear, protection, and death. It is a major player in the hypothalamic-peripheral system-adipose tissue in the regulation of food intake, energy storage, nutritional status, and adipose tissue mass, consequently affecting obesity. Loss of ECS control might affect mood disorders (anxiety, hyperactivity, psychosis, and depression), lead to drug abuse, and impact neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's, Parkinson, Huntington, Multiple, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) and neurodevelopmental (autism spectrum) disorders. Practice of regular physical and/or mind-body mindfulness and meditative activities have been shown to modulate endocannabinoid (eCB) levels, in addition to other players as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). ECS is involved in pain, inflammation, metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunctions, general immune responses (asthma, allergy, and arthritis) and tumor expansion, both/either in the brain and/or in the periphery. The reason for such a vast impact is the fact that arachidonic acid, a precursor of eCBs, is present in every membrane cell of the body and on demand eCBs synthesis is regulated by electrical activity and calcium shifts. Novel lipid (lipoxins and resolvins) or peptide (hemopressin) players of the ECS also operate as regulators of physiological allostasis. Indeed, the presence of cannabinoid receptors in intracellular organelles as mitochondria or lysosomes, or in nuclear targets as PPAR gamma might impact energy consumption, metabolism and cell death. To live a better life implies in a vigilant ECS, through healthy diet selection (based on a balanced omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated fatty acids), weekly exercises and meditation therapy, all of which regulating eCBs levels, surrounded by a constructive social network. Cannabidiol, a diet supplement has been a major player with anti-inflammatory, anxiolytic, antidepressant, and antioxidant activities. Cognitive challenges and emotional intelligence might strengthen the ECS, which is built on a variety of synapses that modify human behavior. As therapeutically concerned, the ECS is essential for maintaining homeostasis and cannabinoids are promising tools to control innumerous targets.</p>
Bioactive constituents in liposomes incorporated in orange juice as new functional food: thermal stability, rheological and organoleptic properties; Liposomes were developed with bioactive constituents (omega-3, omega-6, tocopherol) incorporated in acid food. They were made of soy phosphatidylcholine (SPC) allowing the encapsulation of antioxidant vitamin C (VC) and tocopherol. Stearic acid (SA) or calcium stearate (CaS) was added as a bilayer stabilizer. The structural and oxidative stability of the liposomes were studied considering the heat effect of pasteurization. Size was analyzed by light scattering; shape and structure were studied by optical and transmission electron microscopy, respectively. Membrane packing was studied with merocyanine 540. Surface charge and oxidative stability were analyzed by zeta potential and ORAC method, respectively. The liposomes showed significant stability in all of the parameters mentioned above and an important protective effect over thermolabile VC. To confirm their applicability in food, the rheological behavior and a sensory evaluation of liposomes with vitamin C and bioactive constituents were studied. The sensory evaluation of liposomes in orange juice was performed by the overall acceptability and triangular tests with 40 and 78 potential consumers, respectively. The incorporation of all liposomal formulation did not change the acceptability of orange juice. Noteworthy, SPC and SPC:SA systems had rheological behavior similar to a Newtonian fluid whereas that SPC:CaS presented a pseudoplastic one, both considered excellent for larger scale production. From all the obtained results, we can conclude that these liposomal formulations are suitable for food industry applications, incorporating bioactive constituents and generating functional orange juice that conserves its bioactivity after pasteurization.
Subcellular localization of enzyme activities involved in the metabolism of platelet-activating factor in rainbow trout leukocytes; The subcellular distribution of an alkyllyso-GPC: acetylCoA acetyltransferase (EC 2.3.1.67) and transacylase, two important enzyme activities involved in the remodeling pathway for the biosynthesis of platelet-activating factor (l-O-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, PAF) have been examined in leukocytes isolated from the pronephros of the rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss. Contrary to mammalian systems, in which the acetyltransferase is localized to intracellular membranes, the subcellular distribution of an acetyltransferase activity in rainbow trout leukocytes was localized to the plasma membrane. Analysis of the acetyltransferase products by thin-layer chromatography (TLC) and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) confirmed synthesis of two subclasses of PAF, 1-O-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and 1-acyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. The transacylase activity in this study was detected in membrane fractions in two domains of the intermediate density region which also contained the NADH dehydrogenase activity, a marker enzyme for the endoplasmic reticulum. Acylation of lysoPAF (I-O-alkyl-2-lyso-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine) exhibited approximately 95% specificity for omega-3 fatty acids. Acylation patterns were not significantly different in either domain of the endoplasmic reticulum. A model is proposed herein for the metabolism of PAF in rainbow trout leukocytes. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Favorable effects of preoperative enteral immunonutrition on a surgical site infection in patients with colorectal cancer without malnutrition; Purpose. A prospective study was conducted to ascertain the effects of preoperative enteral immunonutrition on a surgical site infection (SSI) in patients with colorectal cancer without malnutrition.
Analysis of esterified and nonesterified fatty acids in serum from obese individuals after intake of breakfasts prepared with oils heated at frying temperature; In this study, levels of esterified and nonesterified fatty acids (EFAs and NEFAs, respectively) were compared in obese individuals (body mass index between 30 and 47 kg m(-2)) in basal state and after intake of four different breakfasts prepared with oils heated at frying temperature. The target oils were three sunflower oils-pure, enriched with dimethylsiloxane (400 mu g mL(-1)) as lipophilic oxidation inhibitor, and enriched with phenolic compounds (400 mu g mL(-1)) as hydrophilic oxidation inhibitors-and virgin olive oil with a natural content of phenolic compounds of 400 mu g mL(-1). The intake of breakfasts was randomized to avoid trends associated to this variability source. EFAs and NEFAs were subjected to a sequential derivatization step for independent gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of both fractions of metabolites in human serum. Derivatization was assisted by ultrasonic energy to accelerate the reaction kinetics, as required for high-throughput analysis. Statistical analysis supported on univariate (multifactor ANOVA) and multivariate approaches (principal component analysis and partial least squares-discriminant analysis) allowed identification of the main variability sources and also discriminating between individuals after intake of each breakfast. Individuals' samples after intake of breakfasts prepared with virgin olive oil were clearly separated from those who ingested the remaining breakfasts. The main compounds contributing to discrimination were omega-3 and omega-6 EFAs with special emphasis on arachidonic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid. These two polyunsaturated fatty acids are the precursors of eicosanoid metabolites, which are of vital importance as they play important roles in inflammation and in the pathogenesis of vascular and malignant diseases as cancer.
Pancreatitis and nutrition. The role of the gut and nutrition for septic complications; Septic complications are an important factor for the morbidity and mortality of acute pancreatitis. The gut has been identified as a source of infection early in the course of the disease allowing intestinal bacteria to translocate into pancreatic necrosis and other organs. Bacterial translocation is promoted by an impaired intestinal mucosal barrier which can be attributed to the reduced oxygen and substrate supply of the intestine during the early systemic response to the pancreatic injury. A rat model of severe acute pancreatitis has been used to confirm the hypothesis that an impaired mucosal barrier can be stabilized by supplying certain nutritients, vitamins and trace elements. Following a discussion of the many aspects of bacterial translocation and gut derived sepsis, the role of the gut and nutrition for the development of septic complications in acute pancreatitis is summarized as follows: Early in the course of acute pancreatitis the gut is a target organ of the primary systemic inflammatory response (SIRS) to pancreatic injury. SIRS-induced gut barrier dysfunction promoting bacterial translocation makes the gut the motor for secondary (septic) complications. As a septic focus the gut becomes a target for therapeutic measures aimed at stabilizing the impaired gut barrier. Nutritive factors demonstrated to improve impaired gut barrier function include early enteral feeding and specific factors like glutamine which are essential for enterocytes and colonocytes in stress. Experimental data are presented to underline the significance of these nutritive factors and subsequent randomized multicenter trials performed to verify the positive experimental results are introduced. The effect of other nutritive factors (e.g. omega-3-fatty acids) has not yet been systemically investigated. Thus, experimental and clinical studies need to be performed for evaluating their effect on bacterial translocation and the disease course in acute pancreatitis.
Higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea are independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration in young Japanese women; Little is known about the relation of modifiable dietary factors to circulating homocysteine concentrations, particularly in young adults and non-Western populations. We investigated the hypothesis that intakes of nutrients and foods are associated with serum homocysteine concentration in a group of young Japanese women. This cross-sectional study included 1050 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated, self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were collected, and serum homocysteine concentrations were measured. Adjustment was made for survey year, region, municipality level, current smoking, current alcohol drinking, dietary supplement use, physical activity, body mass index, energy intake, and intakes of other nutrients or foods. After adjustment for nondietary confounding factors, intakes of all B vitamins (folate, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, and riboflavin) were inversely associated with homocysteine concentration. However, only vitamin B-6 remained significant after further adjustment for other B vitamins. Marine-origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an inverse association, but this was not independent of intakes of B vitamins. For foods, pulses, fish and shellfish, and vegetables were independently and inversely associated with homocysteine concentration, but these associations disappeared after adjustment for intakes of other foods. Conversely, an inverse association for dairy products and a positive association for green and oolong tea remained even after adjustment for other foods. To conclude, in a group of young Japanese women, higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea were independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Differential effects of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids on vascular reactivity in isolated mesenteric and femoral arteries of rats; Free fatty acid (FFA) intake regulates blood pressure and vascular reactivity but its direct effect on contractility of systemic arteries is not well understood. We investigated the effects of saturated fatty acid (SFA, palmitic acid), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA, linoleic acid), and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA, oleic acid) on the contractility of isolated mesenteric (MA) and deep femoral arteries (DFA) of Sprague-Dawley rats. Isolated MA and DFA were mounted on a dual wire myograph and phenylephrine (PhE, 1-10 mu M) concentration-dependent contraction was obtained with or without FFAs. Incubation with 100 mu M of palmitic acid significantly increased PhE-induced contraction in both arteries. In MA, treatment with 100 mu M of linoleic acid decreased 1 mu M PhE-induced contraction while increasing the response to higher PhE concentrations. In DFA, linoleic acid slightly decreased PhE-induced contraction while 200 mu M oleic acid significantly decreased it. In MA, oleic acid reduced contraction at low PhE concentration (1 and 2 mu M) while increasing it at 10 mu M PhE. Perplexingly, depolarization by 40 mM KCl-induced contraction of MA was commonly enhanced by the three fatty acids. The 40 mM KCl-contraction of DFA was also augmented by linoleic and oleic acids while not affected by palmitic acid. SFA persistently increased alpha-adrenergic contraction of systemic arteries whereas PUFA and MUFA attenuated PhE-induced contraction of skeletal arteries. PUFA and MUFA concentration-dependent dual effects on MA suggest differential mechanisms depending on the types of arteries. Further studies are needed to elucidate underlying mechanisms of the various effects of FFA on systemic arteries.
Medical management of hypertriglyceridemia in pancreatitis; Purpose of reviewHypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis (HTG-AP) should be considered in all cases of acute pancreatitis and triglyceride levels measured early, so that appropriate early and long-term treatment can be initiated.Recent findingsIn most cases of HTG-AP, conservative management (nothing by mouth, intravenous fluid resuscitation and analgesia) is sufficient to achieve triglyceride levels less than 500 mg/dl. Intravenous insulin and plasmapheresis are sometimes used, although prospective studies showing clinical benefits are lacking. Pharmacological management of hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) should start early and target triglyceride levels of less than 500 mg/dl to reduce the risk or recurrent acute pancreatitis. In addition to currently used fenofibrate and omega-3 fatty acids, several novel agents are being studied for long-term treatment of HTG. These emerging therapies focus mainly on modifying the action of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) through inhibition of apolipoprotein CIII and angiopoietin-like protein 3. Dietary modifications and avoidance of secondary factors that worsen triglyceride levels should also be pursued. In some cases of HTG-AP, genetic testing may help personalize management and improve outcomes.Patients with HTG-AP require acute and long-term management of HTG with the goal of reducing and maintaining triglyceride levels to less than 500 mg/dl.
Ameliorative effects of hempseed (<i>Cannabis sativa</i>) against hypercholesterolemia associated cardiovascular changes; Background and aim: Hypercholesterolemia (HC) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) diseases, that are the major cause of mortality worldwide. Free radicals mediated oxidative stress is a critical player in HC-associated pathophysiological insults including atherosclerosis. Unwanted side effects associated with statins, COX-2 inhibitors, and other synthetic drugs limit their use. Thus, modulation of oxidative stress during HC using green pharmaceuticals seems an appropriate approach against deleterious CV consequences without noticeable side-effect. In this regard, owing to an abundance of proteins, fiber and optimal ratios of omega 6 PUFA: omega-3 PUFA in Hempseed (HS), we aim to exploit its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties to ameliorate HC-associated CV effects.
Management of Metabolic-Associated Fatty Liver Disease/Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatotic Liver Disease: From Medication Therapy to Nutritional Interventions; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a common long-lasting liver disease that affects millions of people around the world. It is best identified with a hepatic fat build-up that ultimately leads to inflammation and damage. The classification and nomenclature of NAFLD have long been a controversial topic, until 2020 when a group of international experts recommended substituting NAFLD with MAFLD (metabolic dysfunction-associated FLD). MAFLD was then terminologically complemented in 2023 by altering it to MASLD, i.e., metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Both the MAFLD and the MASLD terminologies comprise the metabolic element of the disorder, as they offer diagnostic benchmarks that are embedded in the metabolic risk factors that underlie the disease. MASLD (as a multisystemic disease) provides a comprehensive definition that includes a larger population of patients who are at risk of liver morbidity and mortality, as well as adverse cardiovascular and diabetes outcomes. MASLD highlights metabolic risks in lean or normal weight individuals, a factor that has not been accentuated or discussed in previous guidelines. Novel antihyperglycemic agents, anti-hyperlipidemic drugs, lifestyle modifications, nutritional interventions, and exercise therapies have not been extensively studied in MAFLD and MASLD. Nutrition plays a vital role in managing both conditions, where centralizing on a diet rich in whole vegetables, fruits, foods, healthy fats, lean proteins, and specific nutrients (e.g., omega-3 fatty acids and fibers) can improve insulin resistance and reduce inflammation. Thus, it is essential to understand the role of nutrition in managing these conditions and to work with patients to develop an individualized plan for optimal health. This review discusses prevention strategies for NAFLD/MAFLD/MASLD management, with particular attention to nutrition and lifestyle correction.
Technological Strategies to Enhance Yogurt's Fatty Acid Profile and Its Health-Related Effects; This review discusses the current technological approaches successfully used to fortify yogurts with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). The PUFA sources, inclusion strategies, effects of the fortification process on the yogurt's properties, as well as the health benefits of the PUFA-fortified yogurts are systematically presented. The main PUFA sources explored have been fish, algal, and flaxseed oils, and walnut. Oils, seeds, nuts, vegetable flours, oil-in-water emulsions, and encapsulated emulsions may be added to obtain fortified yogurts. The effects of PUFA fortification depends on the technological approach used. Diet supplementation with PUFA-fortified yogurts reveals cardio-protective effects and cardiovascular disease risk reduction.
THE EFFECT OF A SALMON DIET ON BLOOD-CLOTTING, PLATELET-AGGREGATION AND FATTY-ACIDS IN NORMAL ADULT MEN; This study was designed to measure the effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids (FA) on platelets and blood lipids. Healthy men (n = 9), ages 31 to 65, were fed diets in which salmon was the source of n-3 fatty acids. They were confined in a nutrition suite at this Center for 100 days. Food intake and exercise levels were rigidly controlled. Initially they were placed on a stabilization diet for 20 days, then six men were fed the salmon diet for 40 days. The others remained on the stabilization diet. The two groups switched diets for the last 40 days of the study. Both diets were isocaloric [16% protein, 54% carbohydrate, and 30% fat by energy-% (En%)]. The salmon diet contained 7.5% of calories from n-6 FA and 2% from n-3 FA, primarily eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in a 40:60 ratio, while the stabilization diet contained 7.5% of calories from n-6 FA and less than 0.3% n-3 FA, mainly 18:3n-3. The bleeding time was unaffected by the diets in this study. The prothrombin time was shortened (11.6 sec. vs. 12.6 sec., p < 0.01) for the subjects consuming the salmon diet as compared to that measured after 20 days of the stabilization diet. Mean platelet volume increased significantly during the period in which the volunteers consumed the salmon diet compared to the baseline diet (p < 0.01), while the mean platelet levels decreased. Platelet aggregation (PA) was measured in platelet rich plasma before, during, and after the salmon diet using collagen, ADP, arachidonic acid (AA), and thrombin agonists. The PA threshold for ADP was significantly increased for the subjects on the salmon diet (p < 0.05). No change in the PA threshold was detected for collagen or thrombin. The PA threshold for AA was unchanged also, but the platelets in subjects consuming the salmon diet had a prolonged time to maximum aggregation (p < 0.01) with this reagent compared to platelets from men on the stabilization diet. Plasma, red cell, and platelet total FA composition was determined by capillary GLC. While the men consumed the salmon diets, there were marked increases (3 to 10-fold) in the EPA and DHA levels in all blood components with concomitant decreases in linoleic acid and AA levels. Thus, a salmon diet, high in n-3 FA, did not influence the bleeding times, but it decreased the sensitivity of platelets to ADP and AA, increased the mean platelet size, decreased the platelet count, and changed the FA composition of the plasma, RBC and platelet membrane lipids.
On a two-species competitive predator-prey system with density-dependent diffusion; This paper deals with a two-species competitive predator-prey system with density-dependent diffusion, i.e.,
Fish oil alleviates diabetes-induced aortic endothelial dysfunction and injuries in mice; Diabetes mellitus (DM)-induced endothelial dysfunction (DED) contributes to macrovascular complications of DM, resulting in high mortality. Fish oil (FO) is a dietary source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, with little known for its action on DED. Thus, the objective of the current study was to investigate the effect of FO on aortic DED using a mouse model of DM. To this end, C57BL/6 J male mice (n = 8/each group) were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (50 mg/kg/day, 5 days), following feeding with a high-fat diet containing FO for 24 weeks, with fasting blood glucose levels and glucose tolerance monitored. At the end of the procedure, aortic rings were harvested and evaluated for the contraction and relaxation in response to phenylephrine and acetylcholine respectively. Aortic pathological injuries were assessed by hematoxylin and eosin, and Masson's trichrome staining. Aortic expression of proinflammatory, oxidative stress and profibrotic markers were determined by qRT-PCR and immunohistochemical staining. The diabetic mice developed impaired glucose tolerance, abnormal endothelial dependent aortic contraction and relaxation, thickened tunica media, and increased accumulation of fibrosis in the aortas. These effects were remarkably reversed by FO supplementation. Further investigation revealed that FO inhibited aortic mRNA expression of Tnf-alpha, Il-6, Il-1 beta and Vcam-1 as markers for inflammation, Nox1, Nox2, Nox4 and Nos2 as markers for oxidative stress, as well as Acta 2, Col1a1, Col3 and Ccn2 as markers for fibrosis. Moreover, FO decreased the aortic protein expression of TNF-alpha, 4-HNE and COL1, all of which were increased under the diabetic condition. The present study may provide a molecular basis for the application of FO in prevention of macrovascular complications of DM.
Maresin 1 Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute Kidney Injury via Inhibiting NOX4/ROS/NF-κB Pathway; Sepsis-associated acute kidney injury (S-AKI) is a common complication in hospitalized and critically ill patients, which increases the risk of multiple comorbidities and is associated with extremely high mortality. Maresin 1 (MaR1), a lipid mediator derived from the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid has been reported to protect against inflammation and promote the regression of acute inflammation. This study proposed to systematically investigate the renoprotective effects and potential molecular mechanism of MaR1 in septic acute kidney injury. We established a S-AKI animal model by a single intraperitoneal injection of lipopolysaccharide (LPS), 10 mg/kg, on male C57BL/6J mice. LPS-stimulated (100 mu g/ml) mouse kidney tubular epithelium cells (TCMK-1) were used to simulate septic AKI in vitro. The results showed that pretreatment with MaR1 significantly reduced serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels as well as tubular damage scores and injury marker neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in septic AKI mice. Meanwhile, MaR1 administration obviously diminished pro-inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-1 beta, and MCP-1), downregulated BAX and cleaved caspase-3 expression, and upregulated BCL-2 expression in the injured kidney tissues and TCMK-1 cells. In addition, MaR1 reduced malondialdehyde production and improved the superoxide dismutase activity of renal tissues while inhibiting reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and protecting the mitochondria. Mechanistically, LPS stimulated the expression of the NOX4/ROS/NF-kappa B p65 signaling pathway in S-AKI kidneys, while MaR1 effectively suppressed the activation of the corresponding pathway. In conclusion, MaR1 attenuated kidney inflammation, apoptosis, oxidative stress, and mitochondrial dysfunction to protect against LPS-induced septic AKI via inhibiting the NOX4/ROS/NF-kappa B p65 signaling pathway.
Cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of melanoma cells by docosahexaenoic acid: Association with decreased pRb phosphorylation; The incidence of cutaneous malignant melanoma is undergoing a dramatic increase in persons with light-color skin in all parts of the world. The prognosis for individuals with advanced disease is dismal due to the lack of effective treatment options. Thus, there is a need for new approaches to control tumor progression. Epidemiological, experimental, and mechanistic data implicate omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as stimulators and long-chain omega-3 PUFAs as inhibitors of development and progression of a range of human cancers, including melanoma, The aim of this study was to assess the mechanisms by which docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 PUFA, affects human melanoma cells.
Unique Biomarker Characteristics in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Identified by LC-MS-Based Metabolic Profiling; Background. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of glucose intolerance disorder that first occurs during women's pregnancy. The main diagnostic method for GDM is based on the midpregnancy oral glucose tolerance test. The rise of metabolomics has expanded the opportunity to better identify early diagnostic biomarkers and explore possible pathogenesis. Methods. We collected blood serum from 34 GDM patients and 34 normal controls for a LC-MS-based metabolomics study. Results. 184 metabolites were increased and 86 metabolites were decreased in the positive ion mode, and 65 metabolites were increased and 71 were decreased in the negative ion mode. Also, it was found that the unsaturated fatty acid metabolism was disordered in GDM. Ten metabolites with the most significant differences were selected for follow-up studies. Since the diagnostic specificity and sensitivity of a single differential metabolite are not definitive, we combined these metabolites to prepare a ROC curve. We found a set of metabolite combination with the highest sensitivity and specificity, which included eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, arachidonic acid, citric acid, alpha-ketoglutaric acid, and genistein. The area under the curves (AUC) value of those metabolites was 0.984 between the GDM and control group. Conclusions. Our results provide a direction for the mechanism of GDM research and demonstrate the feasibility of developing a diagnostic test that can distinguish between GDM and normal controls clearly. Our findings were helpful to develop novel biomarkers for precision or personalized diagnosis for GDM. In addition, we provide a critical insight into the pathological and biological mechanisms for GDM.
PERSISTENT CHANGES IN THE FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF ERYTHROCYTE-MEMBRANES AFTER MODERATE INTAKE OF N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS - STUDY DESIGN IMPLICATIONS; To examine the incorporation of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) into erythrocyte membranes during and after moderate n-3 PUFA intake, 12 healthy men were fed three diets for 6-wk periods in a 3 x 3 crossover design, supplying different amounts of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:  5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3):  a control diet, a fish diet (0.15 g EPA/d, 0.41 g DHA/d), and a fish + oil diet (5 g fish oil/d; 0.99 g EPA/d and 0.99 g DHA/d).  A 6-wk washout period was allowed between diets.  Between 6 and 12 wk after the fish + oil diet, erythrocyte EPA and DHA were still declining and it was only after 18 wk that erythrocyte EPA had returned to baseline whereas DHA had not.  Investigators examining variables that are influenced by altered membrane fatty acid composition should be aware of these prolonged effects when designing studies.  Protracted washout periods (> 18 wk) make the classic crossover design prohibitive and a parallel design becomes essential.
Cancer cachexia is defined by an ongoing loss of skeletal muscle mass; Since 2007, a quantitative, specific and precise approach to the detection of muscle loss has become accessible with the advent of image-based assessments. Computed tomography images acquired as part of standard cancer care are the serendipitous substrate for these analyses. Three radiologically-determined abnormalities, sarcopenia (severe muscle depletion), catabolic loss of muscle over time, and reduced muscle radiation attenuation associate with progressive functional impairment, treatment-related complications, reduced quality of life, and mortality. Fundamental understanding of muscle wasting in cancer cachexia has been developed on a base of clinical and experimental studies, which have identified alterations in muscle protein synthesis, autophagy and ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis as key contributors to muscle loss. The etiology of cancer-associated muscle wasting is multifactorial. Tumor metabolism captures energy fuels and amino acids, and a suite of tumor-derived molecules elicits catabolic pathways at the tissue level in muscle. Endocrine, neural and inflammatory derangements add further catabolic drive. Antineoplastic agents make a substantial contribution to muscle wasting by directly action on muscle cells, as well as secondarily via their systemic side effects. Encouraging data is emerging as to the potential reversibility of muscle loss and/or reduced muscle radiation attenuation through modulation of specific mechanisms. In the first line, pain and symptom management is a key element of the prevention of catabolic loss of muscle. Intake of intake of high-quality proteins and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids support retention or gain of muscle mass. While there is no approved drug therapy for the indication of cancer-associated muscle wasting, there is preliminary evidence for robust gain of skeletal muscle mass in research studies of new therapeutics including inhibitors of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinases and ghrelin receptor agonists.
Gender and Age Stratified Analyses of Nutrient and Dietary Pattern Associations with Circulating Lipid Levels Identify Novel Gender and Age-Specific Correlations; Dyslipidemia is a precursor to a myriad of cardiovascular diseases in the modern world. Age, gender, and diet are known modifiers of lipid levels, however they are not frequently investigated in subset analyses. Food and nutrient intakes from National Health and Nutrition Examination Study 2001-2013 were used to assess the correlation between lipid levels (high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and total cholesterol (TC):HDL cholesterol ratio) and nutritional intake using linear regression. Associations were initially stratified by gender and significant gender correlations were further stratified by age. Analyses were performed at both the dietary pattern and nutrient level. Dietary pattern and fat intake correlations agreed with the literature in direction and did not demonstrate gender or age effects; however, we observed gender and age interactions among other dietary patterns and individual nutrients. These effects were independent of ethnicity, caloric intake, socioeconomic status, and physical activity. Elevated HDL cholesterol levels correlated with increasing vitamin and mineral intake in females of child bearing age but not males or older females (>= 65 years). Moreover, increases in magnesium and retinol intake correlated with HDL cholesterol improvement only in females (all age groups) and males (35-64), respectively. Finally, a large amount of gender-specific variation was associated with TG levels. Females demonstrated positive associations with sugar and carbohydrate while males show inverse associations with polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake. The female-specific association increased with the ratio of carbohydrate: saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake, suggesting that gender specific dietary habits may underlie the observed TG-nutrient correlations. Our study provides evidence that a subset of previously established nutrient-lipid associations may be gender or age-specific. Such discoveries provide potential new avenues for further research into personalized nutritional approaches to treat dyslipidemia.
Mapping multi-omics characteristics related to short-term PM2.5 trajectory and their impact on type 2 diabetes in middle-aged and elderly adults in Southern China; The relationship between PM2.5 and metabolic diseases, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), has become increasingly prominent, but the molecular mechanism needs to be further clarified. To help understand the mechanistic association between PM2.5 exposure and human health, we investigated short-term PM2.5 exposure trajectoryrelated multi-omics characteristics from stool metagenome and metabolome and serum proteome and metabolome in a cohort of 3267 participants (age: 64.4 +/- 5.8 years) living in Southern China. And then integrate these features to examine their relationship with T2D. We observed significant differences in overall structure in each omics and 193 individual biomarkers between the high- and low-PM2.5 groups. PM2.5-related features included the disturbance of microbes (carbohydrate metabolism -associated Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron), gut metabolites of amino acids and carbohydrates, serum biomarkers related to lipid metabolism and reducing n-3 fatty acids. The patterns of overall network relationships among the biomarkers differed between T2D and normal participants. The subnetwork membership centered on the hub nodes (fecal rhamnose and glycylproline, serum hippuric acid, and protein TB182) related to high-PM2.5, which well predicted higher T2D prevalence and incidence and a higher level of fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, insulin, and HOMA-IR. Our findings underline crucial PM2.5- related multi-omics biomarkers linking PM2.5 exposure and T2D in humans.
Development of a DHA-Losartan hybrid as a potent inhibitor of multiple pathway-induced platelet aggregation; Despite the scientific progression in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) they remain the leading cause of mortality and disability worldwide. The classic treatment involves the simultaneous dosing of two antiplatelet drugs, aspirin and clopidogrel/prasugrel. However, besides drug resistance, severe side effects have been also manifested including acute bleeding and toxicity. Thus, new therapeutic agents with enhanced efficacy and diminished side effects are of importance. Towards this end, omega-3 (x-3) fatty acids have demonstrated potent efficacy against CVDs through inhibiting platelet aggregation that bears a pivotal role in atherothrombosis. Another factor that displays a critical role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases is the renin-angiotensin system (RAS), and especially the AT1R blocker losartan that has been reported to exert antiplatelet activity mediated by this receptor. Along these lines, we envisaged developing a molecular hybrid consisted of docosahexaenoic acid (x-3 fatty acid) and losartan, that could exert a notable antiplatelet effect against CVDs. The design and synthesis of the new DHA-losartan hybrid, designated DHA-L, bestowed with the additive properties of the parent compounds, is reported. In silico studies were first exploited to validate the potential of DHA-L to retain losartan's ability to bind AT1R. The antiplatelet activity of DHA-L was evaluated against in vitro platelet aggregation induced by several platelet agonists. Notably, the hybrid illustrated a pleiotropic antiplatelet profile inhibiting platelet aggregation through multiple platelet activation pathways including P2Y12, PAR-1 (Protease-Activated Receptor-1), PAF (Platelet Activating Factor), COX-1 (cyclooxygenase-1) and collagen receptors. The stability of DHA-L in human plasma and in a wide range of pH values was also evaluated over time using an HPLC protocol. The hybridization approach described herein could pave the way for the development of novel potent multitargeted therapeutics with enhanced antiplatelet profile.
Treatment of NAFLD with diet, physical activity and exercise; Lifestyle intervention can be effective when treating non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD) patients. Weight loss decreases cardiovascular and diabetes risk and can also regress liver disease. Weight reductions of >= 10% can induce a near universal non-alcoholic steatohepatitis resolution and fibrosis improvement by at least one stage. However, modest weight loss (>5%) can also produce important benefits on the components of the NAFLD activity score (NAS). Additionally, we need to explore the role of total calories and type of weight loss diet, micro-and macronutrients, evidence-based benefits of physical activity and exercise and finally support these modifications through established behavioural change models and techniques for long-term maintenance of lifestyle modifications.
Background Diet and Fat Type Alters Plasma Lipoprotein Response but not Aortic Cholesterol Accumulation in F1B Golden Syrian Hamsters; Dietary modification alters plasma lipoprotein profiles and atherosclerotic lesion progression in humans and some animal models. Variability in response to diet induced atherosclerosis has been reported in hamsters. Assessed was the interaction between background diet composition and dietary fat type on aortic cholesterol accumulation, lipoprotein profiles, hepatic lipids and selected genes. F1B Golden Syrian hamsters (20/group) were fed (12 weeks) semi-purified or non-purified diets containing either 10 % (w/w) coconut oil or safflower oil and 0.15 % (w/w) cholesterol. The non-purified diets relative to semi-purified diets resulted in significantly higher TC (72 % [percent difference] and 38 %, coconut oil and safflower oil, respectively) and nHDL-C (84 and 61 %, coconut oil and safflower oil, respectively), and lower HDL-C (-47 and -45 %, coconut oil and safflower oil, respectively) concentrations. Plasma triacylglycerol concentrations in the hamsters fed the non-purified coconut oil-supplemented diets were three- to fourfold higher than non-purified safflower oil-supplemented, and both semi-purified diets. With the exception of HDL-C, a significant effect of fat type was observed in TC, nHDL-C and triacylglycerol (all P < 0.05) concentrations. Regardless of diet induced differences in lipoprotein profiles, there was no significant effect on aortic cholesterol accumulation. There was an inverse relationship between plasma nHDL-C and triacylglycerol, and hepatic cholesteryl ester content (P < 0.001). Diet induced differences in hepatic gene transcription (LDL receptor, apoB-100, microsomal transfer protein) were not reflected in protein concentrations. Although hamsters fed non-purified and/or saturated fatty acid-supplemented diets had more atherogenic lipoprotein profiles compared to hamsters fed semi-purified and/or polyunsaturated fatty acid-supplemented diets these differences were not reflected in aortic cholesterol accumulation.
Interventions to Attenuate Cardiovascular Calcification Progression: A Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials; BackgroundCardiovascular calcification, characterized by deposition of calcium phosphate in the arterial wall and heart valves, is associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and is commonly seen in aging, diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. Whether evidence-based interventions could significantly attenuate cardiovascular calcification progression remains uncertain.Methods and ResultsWe conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials involving interventions, compared with placebo, another comparator, or standard of care, to attenuate cardiovascular calcification. Included clinical trials involved participants without chronic kidney disease, and the outcome was cardiovascular calcification measured using radiological methods. Quality of evidence was determined by the Cochrane risk of bias and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations assessment. Forty-nine randomized controlled trials involving 9901 participants (median participants 104, median duration 12 months) were eligible for inclusion. Trials involving aged garlic extract (n=6 studies) consistently showed attenuation of cardiovascular calcification. Trials involving 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (n=14), other lipid-lowering agents (n=2), hormone replacement therapies (n=3), vitamin K (n=5), lifestyle measures (n=4), and omega-3 fatty acids (n=2) consistently showed no attenuation of cardiovascular calcification with these therapies. Trials involving antiresorptive (n=2), antihypertensive (n=2), antithrombotic (n=4), and hypoglycemic agents (n=3) showed mixed results. Singleton studies involving salsalate, folate with vitamin B6 and 12, and dalcetrapib showed no attenuation of cardiovascular calcification. Overall, Cochrane risk of bias was moderate, and the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations assessment for a majority of analyses was moderate certainty of evidence.ConclusionsCurrently, there are insufficient or conflicting data for interventions evaluated in clinical trials for mitigation of cardiovascular calcification. Therapy involving aged garlic extract appears most promising, but evaluable studies were small and of short duration.
Differential Association of Docosahexaenoic and Eicosapentaenoic Acids With Carotid Intima-Media Thickness; Background and Purpose-Recent studies reported the differential effect of docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA). We examined the differential association of DHA and EPA with carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in Japanese individuals in Japan and in U. S. white individuals and explored whether DHA or EPA contributes to the difference in IMT between the two groups.
Visit-to-visit blood pressure variability is associated with intrinsic capacity decline: Results from the MAPT Study; Background: The effectiveness of the body physiological regulatory mechanisms declines in late life, and increased Blood Pressure Variability (BPV) may represent an alteration in cardiovascular homeostatic patterns. Intrinsic Capacity (IC) has been proposed by the World Health Organization as a marker of healthy aging, based on individual 's functional abilities and intended at preserving successful aging. We aimed to investigate the association of visit -to -visit BPV with IC decline in a population of community -dwelling older adults. Methods: The study population consisted of 1407 community -dwelling participants aged >= 70 years from the MAPT study evaluated during the 5 -year follow-up. Systolic BPV (SBPV) and diastolic BPV (DBPV) were determined through six indicators. Cognition, psychology, locomotion and vitality constituted the four IC domains assessed. Total IC Z -score resulted from the sum of the four domains Z -scores divided by 4. The incidence of domain impairment over time was also assessed. Results: Higher SBPV was significantly associated with poorer IC Z -scores in all linear mixed models [1 -SD increase of CV%: beta(SE)=-0.010(0.001), p < 0.01]. Similar results were observed for DBPV [1 -SD increase of CV%: beta(SE)=-0.003(0.001), p = 0.02]. Incident IC impairment was significantly higher in participants with greater SBPV, [HR=1.16 (95 % CI, 1.01 -1.33), p = 0.03], while greater DBPV did not show a higher risk of incident IC impairment. Conclusions: Greater BPV is associated with IC decline over time. Our findings support BP instability as a presumable index of altered cardiovascular homeostatic mechanism, suggesting that BPV might be a clinical marker of aging and addressable risk factor for promoting healthy aging.
Nutrition Recommendations in Hepatic Steatosis in Children; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a pathological condition with an increasing incidence and a major cause of morbidity and mortality in both adults and children. NAFLD includes a wide range of liver diseases, from simple steatosis to steatohepatitis, associated with necro-inflammation and/or fibrosis, which can progress to cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma. The effects of specific risk factors such as obesity and sedentary lifestyle associated with genetic predispositions have led to the development of NAFLD in children.
Uncovering the DNA methylation landscape in key regulatory regions within the <i>FADS</i> cluster; Genetic variants near and within the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) cluster are associated with polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biosynthesis, levels of several disease biomarkers and risk of human disease. However, determining the functional mechanisms by which these genetic variants impact PUFA levels remains a challenge. Utilizing an Illumina 450K array, we previously reported strong allele-specific methylation (ASM) associations (p = 2.69x10(-29)) between a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs174537 and DNA methylation of CpG sites located in the putative enhancer region between FADS1 and FADS2, in human liver tissue. However, this array only featured 20 CpG sites within this 12kb region. To better understand the methylation landscape within this region, we conducted bisulfite sequencing of the region between FADS1 and FADS2. Liver tissues from 50 male subjects (27 European Americans, 23 African Americans) were obtained from the Pathobiological Determinants of Atherosclerosis in Youth (PDAY) study, and used to ascertain the genotype at rs174537 and methylation status across the region of interest. Associations between rs174537 genotype and methylation status of 136 CpG sites were determined. Age-adjusted linear regressions were used to assess ASM associations with rs174537 genotype. The majority of CpG sites (117 out of 136, 86%) exhibited high levels of methylation with the greatest variability observed at three key regulatory regions-the promoter regions for FADS1 and FADS2 and a putative enhancer site between the two genes. Eight CpG sites within the putative enhancer region displayed significant (FDR p < 0.05) ASM associations with rs174537. These data support the concept that both genetic and epigenetic factors regulate PUFA biosynthesis, and raise fundamental questions as to how genetic variants such as rs174537 impact DNA methylation in distant regulatory regions, and ultimately the capacity of tissues to synthesize PUFAs.
DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID ATTENUATES HYPERGLYCEMIA-ENHANCED HEMORRHAGIC TRANSFORMATION AFTER TRANSIENT FOCAL CEREBRAL ISCHEMIA IN RATS; Hemorrhagic transformation (HT) is a feared complication of cerebral ischemic infarction, especially following the use of thrombolytic therapy. In this study, we examined whether docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3), an omega-3 essential fatty acid family member, can protect the brain from injury and whether DHA can decrease the risk of HT enhanced by hyperglycemia after focal ischemic injury. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were injected with 50% dextrose (6 ml/kg intraperitoneally) to induce hyperglycemia 10 min before 1.5 h of filament middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) was performed. Treatment with DHA (10 mg/kg) 5 min before reperfusion reduced HT and further improved the 7-day neurological outcome. It also reduced infarct volume, which is consistent with the restricted DWI and T2WI hyperintensive area. Reduced Evans Blue extravasation and increased expression of collagen IV indicated the improved integrity of the blood-brain barrier (BBB) in DHA-treated rats. Moreover, DHA reduced the expression of the intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) in the ischemic injured brain. Therefore, we conclude that DHA attenuated hyperglycemia-enhanced HT and improved neurological function by preserving the integrity of BBB and reducing inflammation. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd. on behalf of IBRO.
Genetic variants in FADS1 and ELOVL2 increase level of arachidonic acid and the risk of Alzheimer's disease in the Tunisian population; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are closely related to various physiological conditions. In several age -re-lated diseases including Alzheimer's disease (AD) altered PUFAs metabolism has been reported. However, the mechanism behind PUFAs impairment and AD developpement remains unclear. In humans, PUFAs biosynthesis requires delta-5 desaturase (D5D), delta-6 desaturase (D6D) and elongase 2 activities; which are encoded by fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1), fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2), and elongation of very-long-chain fatty acids -like 2 (ELOVL2) genes, respectively. In the present work, we aim to assess whether genetic variants in FADS1, FADS2 and ELOVL2 genes influence plasma and erythrocyte PUFA composition and AD risk. A case-control study was carried out in 113 AD patients and 161 healthy controls.Rs174556, rs174617, and rs3756963 of FADS1, FADS2, and ELOVL2 genes, respectively were genotyped using PCR-RFLP. PUFA levels were quantified using Gas Chromatography. Genotype distributions of rs174556 (FADS1) and rs3756963 (ELOVL2) were different between case and control groups. The genotype TT of rs174556 and rs3756963 single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) increases significantly the risk of AD in our population. PUFA analysis showed higher plasma and erythrocyte arachidonic acid (AA) level in patients with AD, whereas only plasma docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was sig-nificantly decreased in AD patients. The indexes AA/Dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and C24:4n-6/ Adrenic acid (AdA) were both higher in the AD group. Interestingly, patients with TT genotype of rs174556 presented higher AA level and AA/DGLA index in both plasma and erythrocyte. In addition, higher AA and AA/ DGLA index were observed in erythrocyte of TT genotype ofrs3756963 carrier's patients. Along with, positive correlation between AA/DGLA index, age or Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA)/ Linoleic acid (LA) index was seen in erythrocyte and /or plasma of AD patients. After adjustment for confounding factors, the genotype TT of rs174556, erythrocyte AA and AA/DGLA index were found to be predictive risk factors for AD while plasma DHA was found associated with lower AD risk. Both rs174556 and rs3756963 influence AD risk in the Tunisian population and they are likely associated with high AA level. The combination of the two variants increases further the susceptibility to AD. We suggest that FADS1 and ELOVL2 variants could likely regulate the efficiency of AA biosynthesis which could be at the origin of inflammatory derivate.
Immunonutrition in patients after multiple trauma; Severe trauma threatens the life of the victim, both directly and indirectly via immunological dysregulation during the subsequent clinical course. Inflammatory or infectious episodes may complicate the clinical course and ultimately result in sepsis and multiple organ failure, which have mortality rates of up to 80%. Immunomodulatory intervention aims to ameliorate the early hyperinflammatory phase (systemic inflammatory response syndrome, SIRS) to avoid the development of sepsis. One of the immunomodulation strategies is enteral feeding supplemented with specific nutrients, such as glutamine, n-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids, and nucleotides ('immunonutrition'), because changes in the GALT (gut-associated lymphoid tissue) immune response may contribute to intestinal dysfunction and increase susceptibility to post injury gut-derived sepsis. In a prospective, randomized, double-blind, controlled study in twenty-nine patients suffering severe trauma we were able to show that immunonutrition (arginine, n-3-fatty acids, and nucleotides) significantly reduces the number of SIRS days per patient, and also lowers the multiple organ failure (MOF) score on day 3 and days 8-11 (P<0.05). Other studies have reported a reduction in septic complications and MOF rates, shortened hospital stay, and reduction in the use of antibiotics in patients randomized to the immune-enhancing diet. This improved clinical outcome was reflected in a reduction in hospital costs. In the recovery period after trauma (1-72 h after injury) a limitation of the inflammatory response of immunocompetent cells must be achieved as quickly as possible (<72 h). The only strategy available to clinicians caring for trauma patients is immunonutrition, and this should be strongly considered as a rational approach improving immune function and reducing septic complications in critically ill or injured patients.
The unhealthy lifestyle in primary biliary cholangitis: An enemy to fight; Background and aim: Metabolic dysfunctions, particularly hyperlipidemia, are a common finding in Pri-mary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). In presence of metabolic components of fatty-liver-disease (MAFLD), the liver fibrosis progression risk is higher. The aim of this study was to evaluate lifestyle of PBC patients compared to controls. Methods: In a prospective, multicenter study 107 PBC patients were enrolled; among these, 54 subjects were age-and sex-matched with 54 controls with a propensity-score-matching-analysis. Eating habits and physical activity were evaluated, respectively, with a food-frequency-questionnaire and with a short pre -validated-questionnaire. The adherence to Mediterranean diet was assessed with the alternate Mediter-ranean diet score.Results: The total fat intake was higher in controls than in PBC ( p = 0.004), unless above the national recommendations in both groups. Moreover, in PBC monounsaturated-fat and polyunsaturated-fatty-acid intakes and the adherence to Mediterranean diet were significantly lower than in controls ( p < 0.001, p = 0.0 05 and p < 0.0 01 respectively). Regarding physical activity, PBC subjects had a sedentary behavior as well as controls.Conclusions: The lifestyle of both PBC and controls is at high risk of developing MAFLD. Therefore, hep-atologists should regularly evaluate eating habits and physical activity in PBC patients and promote a lifestyle change to reduce liver disease progression risk.& COPY; 2022 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of docosahexaenoic acid on tissue targeting and metabolism of plasma lipoproteins; We examined the effect of the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) content of lipoproteins on their metabolism in vivo by a radioisotope labeling and tracking method. Purified HDL and LDL were labeled with H-3-cholesteryl oleate tracer. To mimic dietary-related changes in fatty acid composition of lipoproteins, we incorporated lipids acylated with either DHA, arachidonic (AA) or oleic (OA) acid to phosphatidylcholine (didocosahexaenoylphosphatidylcholine (di22:6-PC), diarachidonoylphosphatidylcholine (di20:4-PC) and dioleoylphosphatidylcholine (di18:0-PC), respectively) into the purified particles. The lipids, at the amount added, did not cause detectable alterations in the morphology of the lipoproteins. Levels of radiotracers in blood and in several target tissues such as brain, heart, liver, muscle and adipose were determined at 1.5, 3 and 24h after intravenous injection into C57BL/6J mice. No statistically significant differences were detected in the tissue distribution of tracers introduced into HDL enriched in DHA, compared to particles enriched with OA. In contrast, we found a significantly higher proportion of radiolabel associated with LDL enriched in DHA in heart, brown adipose and brain tissues. The uptake of labels associated with DHA containing LDL nearly doubled for heart and brown adipose tissues at 1.5 and 3 h, and it was 30% higher for brain tissues at 24 h. The tissue distribution of labels from the same particles enriched in AA or OA did not show a statistically significant difference from unaltered control lipoproteins. These findings point to the possible role of DHA in the regulation of LDL metabolism and involvement of the lipoproteins in transport of n-3 PUFA to target organs. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Chemometrics strategy coupled with high resolution mass spectrometry for analyzing and interpreting comprehensive metabolomic characterization of hyperlipemia; Hyperlipidemia (HLP) is a metabolic disorder which is characterized by a disturbance in lipid metabolism and is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. Patients who were diagnosed with hyperlipidemia are usually with a serious dyslipidemia, which can be evaluated by current clinical markers such as triglyceride, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein. Metabolic profiling has great potential to help the diagnosis and prognosis of hyperlipidemia patients in an earlier stage. To explore the metabolic profiling, we used ultraperformance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, monitored the metabolites' alterations and impaired pathways in HLP patients. Of note, a total of 37 serum metabolites from HLP patients were tentatively identified. Furthermore, they were involved in 11 pathways such as linoleic acid metabolism, glycerophospholipid metabolism, terpenoid backbone biosynthesis, sphingolipid metabolism, glycosylphosphatidylinositolanchor biosynthesis, steroid hormone biosynthesis, arachidonic acid metabolism, pentose and glucuronate interconversions, starch and sucrose metabolism, glycerolipid metabolism and purine metabolism. These results provide potential biomarkers for early risk assessment of HLP and offer further insights into the complex metabolic pathway changes in HLP. They also suggest the distinction of utilizing UPLC-Q-TOF-MS for exploring metabolic characterization of HLP patients.
A Diet Rich in HUFAs Enhances the Energetic and Immune Response Capacities of Larvae of the Scallop <i>Argopecten purpuratus</i>; Simple Summary Scallop aquaculture depends on hatchery-reared larvae that frequently present mass mortalities due to bacterial infections. Herein, it was demonstrated that the administration of a diet based on microalgae rich in omega 3 increases larval cell membrane fluidity and energy metabolic capacity, which in turn enhances immune capacity and resistance to bacterial infection. Additionally, this diet enhances larval growth and survival; thus, its application would be a promising strategy for improving scallop aquaculture productivity. Massive mortalities in farmed larvae of the scallop Argopecten purpuratus have been associated with pathogenic Vibrio outbreaks. An energetic trade-off between development-associated demands and immune capacity has been observed. Given that highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFAs) are essential nutrients for larval development, we evaluated the effect of diets based on microalgae low and high in HUFAs (LH and HH, respectively) on the energetic condition and the immune response of scallop larvae. The results showed that the HH diet increased cellular membrane fluidity in veliger larvae. The routine respiration rate was 64% higher in the HH-fed veligers than in the LH-fed veligers. Additionally, the metabolic capacity tended to be higher in the HH-fed veligers than in the LH-fed veligers after the Vibrio challenge. After the challenge, the HH-fed veligers presented higher transcript induction of ApTLR (immune receptor) and ApGlys (immune effector) genes, and the HH-fed pediveligers presented higher induction of ApLBP/BPI1 (antimicrobial immune effector) gene, than the LH-fed larvae. Furthermore, the HH-fed veligers controlled total Vibrio proliferation (maintaining near basal levels) after the bacterial challenge, while the LH-fed veligers were not able to control this proliferation, which increased three-fold. Finally, the HH-fed larvae showed 20-25% higher growth and survival rates than the LH-fed veligers. Overall, the results indicated that the administration of a HH diet increases cell membrane fluidity and energy metabolic capacity, which in turn enhances immunity and the ability to control Vibrio proliferation. The administration of microalgae high in HUFAs would be a promising strategy for improving scallop larval production efficiency.
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PLASMA ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACIDS AND SMOKING, SERUM-LIPIDS, BLOOD-PRESSURE AND HEMOSTATIC AND RHEOLOGICAL FACTORS; We aimed to determine whether levels of plasma fatty acids are correlated with other potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease, using a sample of patients from a cross-sectional survey of the general population, in the City of Edinburgh.
Step-by-step lifestyle changes that can improve urologic health in men, part II: What do I tell my patients?; Heart-healthy recommendations have been tantamount to prostate-healthy recommendations, and there may even be a relationship between the two conditions. Clinicians need to provide a simplistic and realistic set of lifestyle changes to men not only to attempt to reduce prostate cancer risk and mortality, but also to attempt to reduce the more important statistic known as "all-cause mortality." A list of recommendations or steps for men are provided in two articles (parts I and II) of this issue to assist the clinician and patient in their discussion of practical changes not only in the short-term, but also in order to provide some type of tangible long-term benefit for the man concerned about urologic conditions such as prostate cancer, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), or erectile dysfunction (ED).
Cytotoxicity and apoptosis enhancement in brain tumor cells upon coadministration of paclitaxel and ceramide in nanoemulsion formulations; The objective of this study was to examine augmentation of therapeutic activity in human glioblastoma cells with combination of paclitaxel (PTX) and the apoptotic signaling molecule, C-6-ceramide (CER), when administered in novel oil-in-water nanoemulsions. The nanoemulsions were formulated with pine-nut oil, which has high concentrations of essential polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). Drug-containing nanoemulsions were characterized for particle size, surface charge, and the particle morphology was examined with transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Epi-fluorescent microscopy was used to analyze nanoemulsion-encapsulated. rhodamine-labeled PTX and NBD-labeled CER uptake and distribution in U-118 human glioblastoma cells. Cell viability was assessed with the MTS (formazan) assay, while apoptotic activity of PTX and CER was evaluated with caspase-3/7 activation and flow cytometry. Nanoemulsion formulations with the oil droplet size of approximately 200 nm in diameter were prepared with PTX, CER, and combination of the two agents. When administered to U-118 cells, significant enhancement in cytotoxicity was observed with combination of PTX and CER as compared to administration of individual agents. The increase in cytotoxicity correlated with enhancement in apoptotic activity in cells treated with combination of PTX and CER. The results of these studies show that oil-in-water nanoemulsions can be designed with combination therapy for enhancement of cytotoxic effect in brain tumor cells. In addition, PTX and CER can be used together to augment therapeutic activity, especially in aggressive tumor models such as glioblastoma. (C) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Babassu (<i>Attalea glassmanii</i> Zona) Nut Oil Is More Effective than Olive Oil for Treating Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury; Background. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in Western civilizations. The type of fatty acid which makes up the diet is related to the cardiovascular morbimortality and the formation of atheromas. Populations with high consumption of oils and fats have a higher number of deaths from CVD.Purpose. In the present study, the objective was to comparatively analyze the microcirculatory effects of unrefined babassu oil with olive oil in microcirculation and liver of male hamsters of the speciesMesocricetus auratus, checking the permeability to macromolecules after ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) without and with topical application of histamine 5 x 10(-6) M. This is an experimental study, using as model the hamster's cheek pouch, which was prepared for intravital microscopy. The hamsters were divided into seven groups and orally treated for 14 days, twice a day (at 8 AM and 4 PM), orally received treatments in the following doses: unrefined babassu oil (BO) 0.02 mL/dose (group BO-2), 0.06 mL/dose (group BO-6), and 0.18 mL/dose (BO-18 group); extra virgin olive oil (OI) 0.02 mL/dose (group OI-2), 0.06 mL/dose (group OI-6), and 0.18 mL/dose (OI-18 group); and mineral oil (MO) 0.18 mL/dose (MO-18 group). The observations were made on the 15th day on the hamsters' cheek pouch; the increase of vascular permeability induced by I/R with and without histamine application was evaluated, and in the liver the biological material was collected aseptically then fixed in 10% buffered formalin.Results. Microcirculatory analyses showed a significant reduction in the number of leaks after I/R with and without the topical use of histamine in animals treated with unrefined BO 0.06 mL/dose (BO-6) and 0.18 mL/dose (BO-18) compared to animals treated with OI. The BO group (p<0.001) presented a dose-response relationship for decreasing leaks after I/R with and without topical use of histamine. Histological liver analyses showed no fat deposition changes in any of the treatment groups. Phytochemical analyses evidenced a chemical compound (C31H60NO8) in unrefined BO but not in OI.Conclusions. This experiment demonstrates the protective effect of unrefined BO on the microcirculatory system and its greater dose effect than that of OI. Finding a chemical compound (C31H60NO8) that is present in BO but not in OI opens the possibility of investigating whether this chemical compound was responsible for the protective effect on membrane permeability.
Targeting Metabolic Diseases: The Role of Nutraceuticals in Modulating Oxidative Stress and Inflammation; The escalating prevalence of metabolic and cardiometabolic disorders, often characterized by oxidative stress and chronic inflammation, poses significant health challenges globally. As the traditional therapeutic approaches may sometimes fall short in managing these health conditions, attention is growing toward nutraceuticals worldwide; with compounds being obtained from natural sources with potential therapeutic beneficial effects being shown to potentially support and, in some cases, replace pharmacological treatments, especially for individuals who do not qualify for conventional pharmacological treatments. This review delves into the burgeoning field of nutraceutical-based pharmacological modulation as a promising strategy for attenuating oxidative stress and inflammation in metabolic and cardiometabolic disorders. Drawing from an extensive body of research, the review showcases various nutraceutical agents, such as polyphenols, omega-3 fatty acids, and antioxidants, which exhibit antioxidative and anti-inflammatory properties. All these can be classified as novel nutraceutical-based drugs that are capable of regulating pathways to mitigate oxidative-stress- and inflammation-associated metabolic diseases. By exploring the mechanisms through which nutraceuticals interact with oxidative stress pathways and immune responses, this review highlights their potential to restore redox balance and temper chronic inflammation. Additionally, the challenges and prospects of nutraceutical-based interventions are discussed, encompassing bioavailability enhancement, personalized treatment approaches, and clinical translation. Through a comprehensive analysis of the latest scientific reports, this article underscores the potential of nutraceutical-based pharmacological treatment modulation as a novel avenue to fight oxidative stress and inflammation in the complex landscape of metabolic disorders, particularly accentuating their impact on cardiovascular health.
The Impact of Preoperative Immune Modulating Nutrition on Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Surgery for Gastrointestinal Cancer <i>A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis</i>; Objective: To define the influence of preoperative immune modulating nutrition (IMN) on postoperative outcomes in patients undergoing surgery for gastrointestinal cancer.
Effects of Consumption of Various Fatty Acids on Serum HDL-Cholesterol Levels; Since HDL is an anti-atherogenic lipoprotein which plays a role in reversing cholesterol transport from the peripheral tissues to the liver, low HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels are associated with the development of cardiovascular diseases. We previously studied effects of intake of various dietary fat on serum HDL-C levels to make "Dietary Reference Intakes for Japanese 2015", and found that the substitution of fatty acids (FAs) for carbohydrates is beneficially associated with HDL-C, monounsaturated FA (MUFA) intake may not affect HDL-C and trans FA (TFA) is significantly associated with reduction of HDLC. Consumption of n-3 poly-unsaturated FA (PUFA) was favorably associated with HDL-C. Here we review meta-analyses on the effects of various FA consumption on serum HDL-C levels, to make "Dietary Reference Intakes for Japanese 2020". Consumption of ruminant-TFA may not affect HDL; however, increased industrially produced TFA intake was associated with a significant decrease in HDL and a significant increase in LDL. An intake of n-3 PUFA and MUFA was associated with an increase of HDL. An intake of saturated FA (SFA) was associated with an increase of HDL; however, SFA was also associated with an increase of LDL.
Linolelaidic Acid Induces a Stronger Proliferative Effect on Human Umbilical Vein Smooth Muscle Cells Compared to Elaidic Acid; Trans fatty acids (TFA) have been considered as an independent risk factor of coronary heart disease, sudden death and insulin-resistance, and different TFA isomers may have different effects on the progression of cardiovascular diseases such as atherosclerosis. The aim of the study was to investigate the effects of two major TFA, elaidic acid and linolelaidic acid which have the same number of carbons but a different number and configuration of trans bonds, on the proliferation of human umbilical vein smooth muscle cells (HUVSMC). Methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium and flow cytometry assays showed that the cell proliferation rose to 115.37 +/- A 0.39 and 117.5 +/- A 0.57 % and the cell number in the S phase of the cell cycle reached 27.7 +/- A 0.7 and 25.8 +/- A 2.8 % when treated with 50 mu M elaidic acid and 20 mu M linolelaidic acid, respectively. Quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction and Western blotting analyses showed that the two TFA increased the mRNA and protein expression levels of PCNA, CDK2 and Cyclin E in HUVSMC. Moreover, gas chromatography analysis showed that the total PUFA level of HUVSMC was lower after treatment with the two TFA, especially n-3 PUFA. These results suggested that linolelaidic acid exhibited a stronger proliferative effect on HUVSMC than elaidic acid, and regulation of CDK2 and Cyclin E may be important for the effect of the TFA on atherosclerosis.
Comparisons of the effects of different flaxseed products consumption on lipid profiles, inflammatory cytokines and anthropometric indices in patients with dyslipidemia related diseases: systematic review and a dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Flaxseed is widely used as a functional food for its rich sources of linolenic acid, lignans and dietary fibers in the world. This systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) is first to evaluate effects of different flaxseed products (whole flaxseed, oil and lignans) on lipid profiles, inflammatory and anthropometric parameters in patients with dyslipidemia related diseases.
Olive oil and the haemostatic system; Interest in the Mediterranean diet (MD) has grown worldwide due to its link with greater longevity and lower cardiovascular disease rate, cancer and age cognitive decline. Despite the high complexity of its nutrients composition, olive oil emerges as its principal food, since it provides the higher percent of energy and a lot of bioactive compounds. In this review we will discuss the benefits of diets enriched in virgin olive oil, whose effects are probably due not only to its oleic acid content but also to its other potentially health -promoting components. Traditionally, the benefits of MD were linked to its effect on lipoprotein metabolism but today we realise that there exists a whole sheaf of other benefits, including the components of haemostasis: platelet function, thrombogenesis and fibrinolysis. A diet enriched in virgin olive oil can reduce the sensitivity of platelets to aggregation, decreasing von Willebrand and tromboxane B-2 plasma levels. Moreover a particular interest has arisen about its capacity to decrease fasting Factor VII plasma levels and to avoid or modulate its postprandial activation. Also Tissue Factor expression in mononuclear cells could be reduced with the chronic intake of virgin olive oil and finally, studies performed in different experimental situation have shown that it could also increase fibrinolytic activity, reducing plasma concentration of Plasma Activator Inhibitor type-1.
Effects of Antioxidant in Adjunct with Periodontal Therapy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; This review investigated whether the adjunctive use of antioxidants with periodontal therapy improves periodontal parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes. A systematic and extensive literature search for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted before April 2021 was performed on the PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool. A meta-analysis was performed to quantitatively evaluate the clinical outcomes following periodontal therapy. After independent screening of 137 initial records, nine records from eight RCTs were included. The risk-of-bias assessment revealed that all RCTs had methodological weaknesses regarding selective bias, although other risk factors for bias were not evident. This meta-analysis of two RCTs showed that periodontal pocket depths were significantly reduced in the groups treated with combined non-surgical periodontal therapy and melatonin than in those treated with non-surgical periodontal therapy alone. The present systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that the adjunctive use of melatonin, resveratrol, omega-3 fatty acids with cranberry juice, propolis, and aloe vera gel with periodontal therapy significantly improves periodontal disease parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes, and melatonin application combined with non-surgical periodontal therapy might significantly reduce periodontal pocket depth. However, there are still limited studies of melatonin in combination with non-surgical periodontal therapy in Type 2 diabetic patients, and more well-designed RCTs are required to be further investigated.
Influence of Fish Handling Practices Onboard Purse Seiners on Quality Parameters of Sardines (<i>Sardina pilchardus</i>) during Cold Storage; Small pelagic fish are a rich source of high-quality proteins and omega-3 fatty acids, but they are highly perishable due to the activity of microorganisms, endogenous enzymes, and oxidation processes that affect their muscle tissues during storage. This study focused on analyzing the influence of fish handling practices onboard vessels on sensory quality attributes, pH, water holding capacity, TVB-N, proteolytic changes, and lipid oxidation in sardine muscle tissue during cold storage. Experiments were conducted onboard fishing vessels during regular work hours, with added consistency, accounting for similar sardine sizes (physiological and reproductive stages) under similar environmental conditions. Traditional handling practices, e.g., boarding the catch with brail nets and transporting the fish in plastic crates with flake ice, were compared with the use of modified aquaculture pumps for boarding the catch and transporting it in isothermic boxes submerged in ice slurry. Results confirmed significant differences in the parameters among the different fishing vessels, although no significant differences were found between the two methods of fish handling on board the vessels. The study also confirmed a higher rate of lipid oxidation in fish muscle due to physical damage and an increased degree of proteolysis in samples with lower muscle pH values.
Impaired nitric oxide production, brachial artery reactivity and fish oil in offspring of ischaemic heart disease patients; The offspring of coronary heart disease (CHID) patients are at particularly high risk for developing CHID. Endothelial dysfunction is present in the majority of CHD and atherosclerosis patients. Fish oil, rich in n-3 fatty acids has been shown to augment endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in human peripheral and coronary arteries. The aims, of this study are to investigate presence of endothelial dysfunction determined by the brachial flow-mediated diameter, nitric oxide, plasma lipids and fibrinogen, and the effect of high doses of fish oil, on these parameters. Twenty-four healthy offspring of CHD patients (study group) were supplemented With 9 g/day Alsepa fish oil (each gram containing 180mg EPA and 120mg DHA), for a period of two weeks. Plasma nitric oxide, urine nitric oxide, fibrinogens and flow-mediated vasodilatation (FMD) were determined prior to fish oil therapy, two weeks into therapy and four weeks after the end of therapy with fish oil. Twelve healthy subjects (control group) with no family history of heart disease were studied as controls (day one only). The-offspring had a lower increase in FMD and lower nitric oxide production, compared with the control group. No other parameters varied between the two groups. The administration of fish oil did not result in any changes in the studied parameters. In healthy offspring of CHD patients, early endothelial dysfunction was documented before evidence of atherosclerosis. Ingestion of fish oil over a 13-day period did not improve endothelial dysfunction.
N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Prevent Diabetic Retinopathy by Inhibition of Retinal Vascular Damage and Enhanced Endothelial Progenitor Cell Reparative Function; Objective: The vasodegenerative phase of diabetic retinopathy is characterized by not only retinal vascular degeneration but also inadequate vascular repair due to compromised bone marrow derived endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs). We propose that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) deficiency in diabetes results in activation of the central enzyme of sphingolipid metabolism, acid sphingomyelinase (ASM) and that ASM represents a molecular metabolic link connecting the initial damage in the retina and the dysfunction of EPCs.
Leptin is associated with the size of the apolipoprotein(a) particle in African tribal populations living on fish or vegetarian diet; Objective: Apolipoprotein(a) [or apo(a)] isoform size, which is strongly genetically determined, showed significant association with the cardiovascular risk. Subjects on a. fish diet have lower lipoprotein(a) levels, larger apo(a) isoform sizes and lower leptin levels than their vegetarian diet counterparts. We hypothesized that leptin may contribute to a potential association between the type of diet and the size of apo(a) isoforms.
<i>Cis</i>-vaccenic acid and the Framingham risk score predict chronic kidney disease: The multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis (MESA); Introduction: Data on the associations of fatty acids with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are sparse.
Metabolomic Signatures of Sedentary Behavior and Cardiometabolic Traits in US Hispanics/Latinos: Results from HCHS/SOL; Purpose The aim of this study was to understand the serum metabolomic signatures of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) and sedentary behavior, and further associate their metabolomic signatures with incident cardiometabolic diseases.Methods This analysis included 2711 US Hispanics/Latinos from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL) aged 18-74 yr (2008-2011). An untargeted, liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry was used to profile the serum metabolome. The associations of metabolites with accelerometer-measured MVPA and sedentary time were examined using survey linear regressions adjusting for covariates. The weighted correlation network analysis identified modules of correlated metabolites in relation to sedentary time, and the modules were associated with incident diabetes, dyslipidemia, and hypertension over the 6-yr follow-up.Results Of 624 metabolites, 5 and 102 were associated with MVPA and sedentary behavior at false discovery rate (FDR) <0.05, respectively, after adjusting for socioeconomic and lifestyle factors. The weighted correlation network analysis identified 8 modules from 102 metabolites associated with sedentary time. Four modules (branched-chain amino acids, erythritol, polyunsaturated fatty acid, creatine) were positively, and the other four (acyl choline, plasmalogen glycerol phosphatidyl choline, plasmalogen glycerol phosphatidyl ethanolamine, urea cycle) were negatively correlated with sedentary time. Among these modules, a higher branched-chain amino acid score and a lower plasmalogen glycerol phosphatidyl choline score were associated with increased risks of diabetes and dyslipidemia. A higher erythritol score was associated with an increased risk of diabetes, and a lower acyl choline score was linked to an increased risk of hypertension.Conclusions In this study of US Hispanics/Latinos, we identified multiple serum metabolomic signatures of sedentary behavior and their associations with risk of incident diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. These findings suggest a potential role of circulating metabolites in the links between sedentary behavior and cardiometabolic diseases.
Influence of nutrition in PCB-induced vascular inflammation; The nutritional profile of an individual can influence the toxicity of persistent environmental toxicants. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), prevalent environmental pollutants, are highly lipid-soluble toxic compounds that biomagnify through trophic levels and pose cancer, neurocognitive, and atherosclerotic risk to human populations. There is a growing body of knowledge that PCBs can initiate inflammatory responses in vivo, and this inflammation can be either exacerbated or ameliorated by nutrition. Data indicate that diets high in certain dietary lipids such as omega-6 fatty acids can worsen PCB-induced vascular toxicity while diets enriched with bioactive food components such as polyphenols and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids can improve the toxicant-induced inflammation. There is evidence that bioactive nutrients protect through multiple cell signaling pathways, but we have shown that lipid raft caveolae and the antioxidant defense controller nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) both play a predominant role in nutritional modulation of PCB-induced vascular toxicity. Interestingly, there appears to be an intimate cross-talk between caveolae-related proteins and cellular Nrf2, and focusing on the use of specific bioactive food components that simultaneously alter both pathways may produce a more effective and efficient cytoprotective response to toxicant exposure. The use of nutrition as a protective tool is an economically beneficial means to address the toxicity of persistent environmental toxicants and may become a sensible means to protect human populations from PCB-induced vascular inflammation and associated chronic diseases.
Diet and Alzheimer's disease risk factors or prevention: the current evidence; Preventing or postponing the onset of Alzheimer's disease (AD) and delaying or slowing its progression would lead to a consequent improvement of health status and quality of life in older age. Elevated saturated fatty acids could have negative effects on age-related cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Furthermore, at present, epidemiological evidence suggests a possible association between fish consumption, monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA; in particular, n-3 PUFA) and a reduced risk of cognitive decline and dementia. Poorer cognitive function and an increased risk of vascular dementia (VaD) were found to be associated with a lower consumption of milk or dairy products. However, the consumption of whole-fat dairy products may be associated with cognitive decline in the elderly. Light-to-moderate alcohol use may be associated with a reduced risk of incident dementia and AD, while for VaD, cognitive decline and predementia syndromes, the current evidence is only suggestive of a protective effect. The limited epidemiological evidence available on fruit and vegetable consumption and cognition generally supports a protective role of these macronutrients against cognitive decline, dementia and AD. Only recently, higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet was associated with decreased cognitive decline, although the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) combines several foods, micro- and macro-nutrients already separately proposed as potential protective factors against dementia and predementia syndromes. In fact, recent prospective studies provided evidence that higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet could be associated with slower cognitive decline, reduced risk of progression from MCI to AD, reduced risk of AD and a decreased all-cause mortality in AD patients. These findings suggested that adherence to the MeDi may affect not only the risk of AD, but also of predementia syndromes and their progression to overt dementia. Based on the current evidence concerning these factors, no definitive dietary recommendations are possible. However, following dietary advice for lowering the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders, high levels of consumption of fats from fish, vegetable oils, nonstarchy vegetables, low glycemic index fruits and a diet low in foods with added sugars and with moderate wine intake should be encouraged. Hopefully this will open new opportunities for the prevention and management of dementia and AD.
Interleukin-18 Is a Strong Predictor of Cardiovascular Events in Elderly Men With the Metabolic Syndrome Synergistic effect of inflammation and hyperglycemia; OBJECTIVE - The aim of this study was to investigate the role of inflammatory markers as Potential predictors of cardiovascular events in subjects with and without the metabolic syndrome.
Eicosapentaenoic acid-induced apoptosis depends on acyl CoA-synthetase; Marine n-3 FA are known to inhibit proliferation or induce cell death in several cancer cell lines. We have previously reported that EPA promotes apoptosis in the lymphoma cell line Ramos, whereas the U-698 cell line is insensitive to EPA. Furthermore, acyl-CoA synthetase (ACS) is expressed to a higher extent in Ramos cells compared to U-698 cells. To investigate the importance of ACS in EPA-induced apoptosis, we incubated Ramos cells with triacsin C, an inhibitor of ACS. This caused a 70% reduction in the amount of cell-associated EPA and diminished activation of EPA. In addition, triacsin C caused a 90% reduction in EPA-induced apoptosis. Several different approaches were tried to overexpress ACS4 in EPA-insensitive lymphoma cell lines, but we did not obtain viable cells with high expression of acyl-CoA activation. However, we show that overexpression of ACS4 in the more robust COS-1 cells caused up to a fivefold increase in activation of EPA and a 67% increase in the amount of cell-associated radiolabeled EPA. Furthermore, we observed 28% elevated cellular level of TAG in EPA-incubated COS-1 cells overexpressing ACS4. The present study provides new information about ACS as an important enzyme for EPA-induced apoptosis in Ramos cells. Our data offer a potential mechanism that may explain the effect of dietary marine n-3 PUFA on growth of certain malignant cells.
Effects of linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid on the growth and metastasis of MM48 mammary tumor transplants in mice; In this study, we investigated the effects of linoleic acid (LA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the growth, metastasis and cell proliferation of a murine mammary tumor (MM48) transplanted into mice. We also examined the effect of these treatments on survival and tumor fatty acids. The growth of the primary tumor, number of metastatic tumors in the lung, and cell proliferation of the tumor were significantly inhibited in the EPA and DHA groups compared with the control and/or LA groups. Mice in the EPA group survived significantly longer than those in the control and LA groups, while mice in the DHA group survived longer than those in the control group. While the ratio of arachidonic acid (AA)/higher PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) in tumors correlated with tumor growth and lung metastases, the ratio of AA/LA did not. Therefore, it appears that both EPA and DHA exert their effects by competing with AA, thereby lowering the formation of AA metabolites.
Diabetic Rat Hearts Show More Favorable Metabolic Adaptation to Omegaven Containing High Amounts of n3 Fatty Acids Than Intralipid Containing n6 Fatty Acids; BACKGROUND: While Omegaven, an omega-3 (n3) fatty acid-based lipid emulsion, fosters insulin signaling in healthy hearts, it is unknown whether beneficial metabolic effects occur in insulin-resistant diabetic hearts. METHODS: Diabetic hearts from fructose-fed Sprague-Dawley rats were perfused in the working mode for 90 minutes in the presence of 11 mM glucose and 1.2 mM palmitate bound to albumin, the first 30 minutes without insulin followed by 60 minutes with insulin (50 mU/L). Hearts were randomly allocated to Intralipid (25 and 100 mu M), Omegaven (25 and 100 mu M), or no emulsion (insulin alone) for 60 minutes. Glycolysis, glycogen synthesis, and glucose oxidation were measured with the radioactive tracers [5-H-3]glucose and [U-C-14]glucose. Central carbon metabolites, acyl-coenzyme A species (acyl-CoAs), ketoacids, purines, phosphocreatine, acylcarnitines, and acyl composition of phospholipids were measured with mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Diabetic hearts showed no response to insulin with regard to glycolytic flux, consistent with insulin resistance. Addition of either lipid emulsion did not alter this response but unexpectedly increased glucose oxidation (ratio of treatment/baseline, ie, fold change): no insulin 1.3 (0.3) [mean (standard deviation)], insulin alone 1.4 (0.4), insulin + 25 mu M Intralipid 1.8 (0.5), insulin + 100 mu M Intralipid 2.2 (0.4),P< .001; no insulin 1.3 (0.3), insulin alone 1.4 (0.4), insulin + 25 mu M Omegaven 2.3 (0.5) insulin + 100 mu M Omegaven 1.9 (0.4),P< .001. Intralipid treatment led to accumulation of acylcarnitines as a result of the released linoleic acid (C18:2-n6) and enhanced its integration into phospholipids, consistent with incomplete or impaired beta-oxidation necessitating a compensatory increase in glucose oxidation. Accumulation of acylcarnitines was also associated with a higher nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide reduced/oxidized (NADH/NAD(+)) ratio, which inhibited pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH), and resulted in excess lactate production. In contrast, Omegaven-treated hearts showed no acylcarnitine accumulation, low malonyl-CoA concentrations consistent with activated beta-oxidation, and elevated PDH activity and glucose oxidation, together indicative of a higher metabolic rate possibly by substrate cycling. CONCLUSIONS: Omegaven is the preferred lipid emulsion for insulin-resistant diabetic hearts.
The effect of maternal fish oil supplementation during the last trimester of pregnancy on blood pressure, heart rate and heart rate variability in the 19-year-old offspring; Studies in experimental animals and human subjects have suggested that intake of n-3 fatty acids in early life can affect cardiovascular risk factors in adult life. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of fish oil (FO) supplementation during the third trimester of pregnancy on blood pressure (BP), heart rate (HR) and HR variability (HRV) in the 19-year-old offspring. The study was based on follow-up of a randomised, controlled trial from 1990, in which 533 pregnant women were randomised to FO, olive oil (OO) or no oil (NO) during the last trimester of pregnancy. The offspring was invited to a physical examination including BP, HR and HRV measurements. A subgroup consisting of the offspring of mothers with a low baseline fish intake also had 24 h HRV determined. The OO group was used as reference and multiple linear regression modelling was used to compare the FO and OO groups. A total of 180 of the offspring from the FO and OO groups agreed to participate in the study (45%). The adjusted difference between the FO and OO groups was 2 (95% CI -1, 4) mmHg in systolic and 1 (95% CI 0, 3) mmHg in diastolic BP. The difference in HR was 1 (95% CI -2, 4). Also, HRV indices did not differ significantly between groups. Hence, FO supplementation during late pregnancy was not associated with offspring BP, HR and HRV during adolescence.
The Mutual Regulatory Role of Ferroptosis and Immunotherapy in Anti-tumor Therapy; Ferroptosis is a form of cell death that is triggered by the presence of ferrous ions and is characterized by lipid peroxidation induced by these ions. The mechanism exhibits distinct morphological characteristics compared to apoptosis, autophagy, and necrosis. A notable aspect of ferroptosis is its ability to inhibit uncontrolled tumor replication and immortalization, especially in malignant, drug-resistant, and metastatic tumors. Additionally, immunotherapy, a novel therapeutic approach for tumors, has been found to have a reciprocal regulatory relationship with ferroptosis in the context of anti-tumor therapy. A comprehensive analysis of ferroptosis and immunotherapy in tumor therapy is presented in this paper, highlighting the potential for mutual adjuvant effects. Specifically, we discuss the mechanisms underlying ferroptosis and immunotherapy, emphasizing their ability to improve the tumor immune microenvironment and enhance immunotherapeutic effects. Furthermore, we investigate how immunotherapeutic factors may increase the sensitivity of tumor cells to ferroptosis. We aim to provide a prospective view of the promising value of combined ferroptosis and immunotherapy in anticancer therapy by elucidating the mutual regulatory network between each.Graphical Abstract Ferroptosis in the tumor microenvironment involves intricate crosstalk between tumor cells and immune cells. Through MHC recognition, CD8+T cells activate the JAK1/STAT1 pathway in tumor cells, impairing the function of System Xc and reducing GSH and GPX4 expression to promote tumor cell ferroptosis. Additionally, activation of the STAT1-IRF1-ACSL4 pathway could also promote ferroptosis. The blockade of the antioxidant pathway in tumor cells induces ferroptosis, and the released DAMPs could promote DCs maturation through the cGAMP-STING-TBK1 pathway, leading to antigen presentation that activates CD8+T cells. The release of DAMPs also induces the M1-type polarization of macrophages, which exerts an anti-tumor effect. The anti-tumor effects of CD8+T cells could also be enhanced by blocking inhibitory immune checkpoints such as PD-1, PD-L1, CTLA4, and LAG3. Abbreviations: ACSL4, acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 4; BH4, tetrahydrobiopterin; cGAMP, cyclic GMP-AMP; CTLA4, cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen-4; DCs, dendritic cells; DHFR, dihydrofolate reductase; DHODH, dihydroorotate dehydrogenase; GPX4, glutathione peroxidase 4; GSH, glutathione; HIF-1 alpha, Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1 alpha;IFN-gamma, interferon-gamma; IRF1, interferon regulatory factor 1;IRP1, iron regulatory protein 1; JAK 1, janus kinase; LAG3, lymphocyte activation gene 3; MHC, major histocompatibility complex; NRF2, nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2; PD-1, programmed death protein -1; PD-L1, programmed death ligand 1; PUFA, polyunsaturated fatty acid; ROS, reative oxygen species; STAT1, signal transducer and activator of transcription 1; STING, stimulator of interferon genes; TBK1, TANK-binding kinase 1 TLR2, toll-like receptor 2. This diagram was drawn by Figdraw (www.figdraw.com).
Molecular species composition of plant cardiolipin determined by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry; Cardiolipin (CL), an anionic phospholipid of the inner mitochondrial membrane, provides essential functions for stabilizing respiratory complexes and is involved in mitochondrial morphogenesis and programmed cell death in animals. The role of CL and its metabolism in plants are less well understood. The measurement of CL in plants, including its molecular species composition, is hampered by the fact that CL is of extremely low abundance, and that plants contain large amounts of interfering compounds including galactolipids, neutral lipids, and pigments. We used solid phase extraction by anion exchange chromatography to purify CL from crude plant lipid extracts. LC/MS was used to determine the content and molecular species composition of CL. Thus, up to 23 different molecular species of CL were detected in different plant species, including Arabidopsis, mung bean, spinach, barley, and tobacco. Similar to animals, plant CL is dominated by highly unsaturated species, mostly containing linoleic and linolenic acid. During phosphate deprivation or exposure to an extended dark period, the amount of CL decreased in Arabidopsis, accompanied with an increased degree in unsaturation. The mechanism of CL remodeling during stress, and the function of highly unsaturated CL molecular species, remains to be defined.- Zhou, Y., H. Peisker, and P. Dormann. Molecular species composition of plant cardiolipin determined by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry.
<i>Calamintha incana</i> (Sm.) Helder: A New Phytoextract with In Vitro Antioxidant and Antidiabetic Action; This study aimed to assess the antioxidant and antidiabetic properties of ethanolic phytoextracts of Calamintha incana (Sm.) Helder leaves. Initially, the chemical characterization of the phytocomplex was performed using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/mass spectrometry (MS). The cytotoxicity of the ethanolic extract was assessed using an MTT assay in HepG2 cells. Subsequently, antioxidant activity was evaluated using a DPPH test. Finally, enzymatic tests with alpha-amylase, alpha-glucosidase, pancreatic lipase, and dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) were performed to evaluate their effects on glucose metabolism. The chemical composition of the extract is p-linolenic acid (13.2%), myristic acid (12.1%), and p-cymene (10.5%). The extract demonstrated low toxicity, with none of the tested concentrations inducing 50% cell death. Furthermore, the ethanolic extract revealed potent antioxidant activity using DPPH (IC50 was 35.9 +/- 0.7 mu g/mL) and reducing power capacity (IC50 was 90.3 +/- 0.8 mu g/mL). Regarding the antidiabetic activity, the extract caused a significant inhibition of alpha-amylase, alpha-glucosidase (IC50 46.3 +/- 0.2, 56.8 +/- 0.1 mu g/mL, respectively), weak inhibition of pancreatic lipase and no notable inhibition of dipeptidyl peptidase IV. In conclusion, C. incana has antioxidant and antidiabetic properties and appears to exert insulin-independent hypoglycemic action.
Comparison of the clinical effectiveness of treatments for aromatase inhibitor-induced arthralgia in breast cancer patients: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Introduction Aromatase inhibitor-induced arthralgia (AIA) is a major adverse event of aromatase inhibitors (AIs) and leads to premature discontinuation of AI therapy in breast cancer patients. The objective of this protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) is to provide the methodology to compare the change in pain intensity between different AIA treatments and demonstrate the rank probabilities for different treatments by combining all available direct and indirect evidence.
Hempseed oil induces reactive oxygen species- and C/EBP homologous protein-mediated apoptosis in MH7A human rheumatoid arthritis fibroblast-like synovial cells; Ethnopharmacological relevance: The medicinal efficacy of hempseed (Cannabis sativa L.), which is rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids, in atopic dermatitis, inflammation, and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been suggested for centuries. Hempseed has been used as a treatment for these diseases in Korean and Chinese folk medicine. The aim of the study is to investigate the effects of hempseed oil (HO) on MH7A human RA fibroblast-like synovial cells.
Dietary intake of differently fed salmon; the influence on markers of human atherosclerosis; Background Cardioprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) of marine origin are well recognized. Because of the shortness of marine resources vegetable oils are increasingly used in fish farming. The effects on human health of fish fed on vegetable oils are largely unknown.
Regulation of n-3 and n-6 fatty acid metabolism in retinal and cerebral microvascular endothelial cells by high glucose; The present study was undertaken to determine whether polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism is affected by high glucose levels in cerebral and retinal microvascular endothelial cells. The metabolism of [3-C-14]22:5n-3 and [1-C-14]18:2n-6 was studied in cells previously cultured for 5 days in normal (5 mM) or high (30 mM) glucose medium, After incubation of retinal endothelial cells with [3-C-14]22:5n-3 in the high glucose condition, the formation of labeled 24:6n-3 and 22:6n-3 was increased, and that of labeled 24:5n-3 was decreased, compared with the normal glucose condition. The changes were found for fatty acids esterified in cellular lipids and those released into the medium, After incubation with [1-C-14]18:2n-6, levels of all elongation/desaturation products were increased at the expense of the precursor in retinal endothelial cells cultured in high glucose medium, The changes were primarily found for esterified fatty acids, with the release of n-6 fatty acids being minor in both glucose concentrations. By contrast, high glucose levels did not affect the metabolism of [3-C-14]22:5n-3 and [1-C-14] 18:2n-6 in cerebral endothelial cells. The changes in metabolic activity of retinal endothelial cells were not reflected in the fatty acid composition, The present data suggest that high glucose can increase the desaturation process in retinal but not cerebral endothelial cells. This may produce some lipid abnormalities in retinal microvasculature and contribute to altered vascular function observed in diabetic retinopathy.
Comparative review of diets for the metabolic syndrome: implications for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a significant health problem and affects 70 million adults in the United States (30% of the adult population), and an estimated 20% of these individuals have the most severe form of NAFLD-nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). The mechanisms underlying disease development and progression are awaiting clarification. Insulin resistance and obesity-related inflammation, among other possible genetic, dietary, and lifestyle factors, are thought to play a key role. A program targeting gradual weight reduction and physical exercise continues to be the gold standard of treatment for all forms of NAFLD. Even though weight loss and dietary and lifestyle changes are recommended as primary treatment for fatty liver, little to no scientific evidence is available on diet and NAFLD. This article reviews the implications of current dietary approaches, including national guidelines and popular weight-loss diets, with a focus on determining the optimal diet to prescribe for NAFLD and NASH patients. The effects of macronutrient content (carbohydrate, fat, and protein ratios) and specific food components, such as soluble fiber, n- 3 fatty acids, and fructose, are discussed. The premises, effects, barriers, and issues related to current dietary guidelines and specific diets are discussed, and the question, "Will it work for the pathogenesis of NAFLD and NASH? ", is addressed.
Cross-sectional associations between macronutrient intake and chronic kidney disease in a population at high cardiovascular risk; Background Ea aims: The aim was to examine the associations between macronutrient intake and the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) or microalbuminuria (MiA) in individuals at high cardiovascular risk.
Cognitive and Mood Effects of a Nutrient Enriched Breakfast Bar in Healthy Adults: A Randomised, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Groups Study; Objectives: Few previous studies have assessed the effects of concomitant administration of multiple potentially psychoactive nutrients. Methods: 95 healthy adult participants consumed either a nutrient enriched breakfast bar (containing -Linolenic acid, l-tyrosine, l-theanine, vitamins, minerals and 21.5 mg of caffeine) or an isocaloric, macronutrient matched control bar for 56 days. Cognitive function and mood were assessed pre-dose and at 40- and 160-min post-dose on the 1st and 56th day of the intervention period. Results: The results demonstrated acute effects of treatment across post-dose assessments on both assessment days in terms of alertness, and on tasks assessing attention, working and episodic memory and executive function, including cognitively demanding Serial subtraction and Rapid Visual Information Processing tasks. There were no evident chronic effects independent of the breakfast bars' acute effects. Discussion: These results demonstrate that a nutrient enriched breakfast bar with low caffeine content can exert striking beneficial effects on acute cognitive function and alertness.
Systematic review of prostate cancer risk and association with consumption of fish and fish-oils: analysis of 495,321 participants; IntroductionFish-oils have a potential role in inflammation, carcinogenesis inhibition and favourable cancer outcomes. There has been increasing interest in the relationship of diet with cancer incidence and mortality, especially for eicosapantaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). This systematic-analysis of the literature aims to review evidence for the roles of dietary-fish and fish-oil intake in prostate-cancer (PC) risk, aggressiveness and mortality.
Fatty acid profile of erythrocyte membranes as possible biomarker of longevity; Offspring of long-lived individuals are a useful model to discover biomarkers of longevity. The lipid composition of erythrocyte membranes from 41 nonagenarian offspring was compared with 30 matched controls. Genetic loci were also tested in 280 centenarians and 280 controls to verify a potential genetic predisposition in determining unique lipid profile. Gas chromatography was employed to determine fatty acid composition, and genotyping was performed using Taqman assays. Outcomes were measured for erythrocyte membrane percentage content of saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-6 and omega-3), geometrical isomers of arachidonic and oleic acids, and total trans-fatty acids. Also, allele and genotyping frequencies at endothelial-nitric oxide synthase and delta-5/delta-6 and delta-9 desaturase loci were considered. Erythrocyte membranes from nonagenarian offspring had significantly higher content of C16:1 n-7, trans C18:1 n-9, and total trans-fatty acids, and reduced content of C18:2 n-6 and C20:4 n-6. No association was detected at endothelial-nitric oxide synthase and delta-5/delta-6 and delta-9 desaturase loci that could justify genetic predisposition for the increased trans C18:1 n-9, monounsaturated fatty acids and decreased omega-6 synthesis. We concluded that erythrocyte membranes derived from nonagenarian offspring have a different lipid composition (reduced lipid peroxidation and increased membrane integrity) to that of the general population.
Maternal B vitamin status in pregnancy week 18 according to reported use of folic acid supplements; Scope Epidemiological studies on the association between pregnancy outcomes and use of periconceptional folic acid are often based on maternal reported intake. Use of folic acid during pregnancy is associated with a higher socioeconomic status known to have an impact on diet quality. We have studied plasma B vitamin status according to reported use of folic acid supplements during the periconceptional period in Norwegian women. Methods and results Plasma levels of folate, cobalamin, pyridoxal 5-phosphate (vitamin B6), riboflavin, and the metabolic markers total homocysteine, methylmalonic acid and 3-hydro-xykynurenine were measured in pregnancy week 18 and related to reported intake of folic acid from 4 weeks prior to conception throughout week 18 in 2911 women from the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa) conducted by the Norwegian Institute of Public Health. Being a folic acid user during the periconceptional period was associated with a better socioeconomic status, and a higher intake of several micronutrients, including vitamins, trace-metals, and omega 3 fatty acids. Folic acid users had a significantly better plasma B vitamin status. Conclusion Epidemiological data based on maternal reported intake of folic acid supplements during pregnancy, should take into account the numerous nutritional implications, in addition to higher blood folate levels, of being a folic acid user.
Complement C3 Is Inversely Associated with Habitual Intake of Provitamin A but Not with Dietary Fat, Fatty Acids, or Vitamin E in Middle-Aged to Older White Adults and Positively Associated with Intake of Retinol in Middle-Aged to Older White Women; Complement factor 3 (C3) has been identified as a novel risk factor for obesity-associated cardiometabolic diseases. Data in the literature suggest that C3 concentrations may be influenced by diet. Therefore, we investigated the associations of intake of total fat, specific fatty acids, and fat-soluble vitamin E (and individual tocopherols) and vitamin A (and its dietary precursors) with circulating C3. In a white cohort [Cohort on Diabetes and Atherosclerosis Maastricht (CODAM); n = 501; 59.4 +/- 7.1 y; 61% men], associations of habitual nutrient intake (assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire) with circulating C3 were evaluated by using cross-sectional multiple linear regression analyses. Adjustments were first performed for age, sex, glucose metabolism status (i.e., impaired glucose metabolism or type 2 diabetes), and energy intake and subsequently for BMI, waist circumference, alcohol intake, smoking behavior, and season of blood collection. No associations with C3 were observed for total dietary fat intake or intake of specific fatty acids [saturated, monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, n-6 (omega-6), and n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids], vitamin E, or individual tocopherols. We observed an inverse association with intake of provitamin A carotenoids alpha-carotene (in mu g/d; regression coefficient beta = -0.075; 95% Cl: -0.140, -0.010; P = 0.025) and beta-carotene (in mu g/d; beta = -0.021; 95% Cl: -0.044, 0.002; P = 0.068) with C3 (in mg/L). In contrast, and only in women, dietary retinol intake (in mu g/d) was positively associated with C3 (beta = 0.116; 95% Cl: 0.014,0.218; P = 0.026; n = 196). In conclusion, these data suggest that fasting concentrations of C3 may, in a complex manner, be modifiable by variation in dietary provitamin A carotenoids and/or retinol content of the usual diet but most likely not by variations in fat composition and vitamin E content.
A Mediterranean Diet May Be Protective in the Development of Diabetic Retinopathy; The Mediterranean diet is recognized as one of the healthiest available dietary patterns. This perception results from its beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system and, also, on hypertension, diabetes, and cancer compared with other diets. Its impact on the course of diabetes is assessed in the available scientific literature; however, little information is available about its impact on diabetic retinopathy. The MD is characterized mainly by the consumption of fish, seafood, foods of plant origin, and fresh fruit and vegetables. It is also recommended to consume legumes, which are a source of folic acid, magnesium, iron, and dietary fiber. High consumption of nuts and unrefined grains is also recommended in the MD. Marine fish provide polyunsaturated acids from the omega-3 group. Olive oil plays a very important role, especially olive oil obtained from mechanical pressing. Additionally, olive oil contains vitamins E, K, and polyphenols. Polyphenols, which are present in a diverse range of vegetables, fruits, and seeds, have the ability to decrease oxidative stress, inflammation, and insulin resistance. Resveratrol is naturally found in grape skins and seeds, as well as in peanuts and berries, and is a constituent of red wine. Resveratrol can inhibit increased vascular leakage and loss of pericytes and regulate the level of VEGF protein in the retina, thus inhibiting the development of DR. Consumption of fruits, vegetables, fish, and olive oil may be correlated with a lower risk of diabetic retinopathy. This paper presents the definition of the Mediterranean diet and its influence on the course of diabetes and diabetic retinopathy.
The association of fish consumption with bladder cancer risk: A meta-analysis; Background: The association between fish consumption and risk of bladder cancer has not been established yet. The results from epidemiological studies are inconsistent.
Hyperphagia modifies FA profiles of plasma phospholipids, plasma FFA, and adipose tissue TAG; Hyperphagia was achieved by continuous intracerebroventricular infusion of a melanocortin receptor antagonist (HS024; Neosystem, Strasbourg, France) in rats. The effects of hyperphagia on FA composition and concentration of plasma phospholipids (PL), plasma FFA, and adipose tissue TAG were studied in rats for 8 d [short-term hyperphagia (STH); n = 8], or 28 d [long-term hyperphagia (LTH); n = 9]. The control rats were treated with artificial cerebrospinal fluid for 8 d (n = 8) or 28 d (n - 10). The rats were fed the same regular diet. In STH rats the plasma PL and fasting plasma FFA contained higher concentrations of saturated FA (SFA) and monounsaturated FA (MUFA), and plasma FFA contained lower n-6 PUFA than in the control rats. In LTH rats the plasma PL contained higher concentrations of SFA, MUFA, and n-3 PUFA and higher proportions of 16:1n-7 and 18:1n-9 at the expense of 18:2n-6 than in the control rats. In LTH rats the abundant dietary intake of 18:2n-6 did not enrich 18:2n-6 of the plasma PL or adipose tissue TAG. In LTH rats the fasting plasma FFA contained more than twofold higher concentrations of SFA and MUFA, and higher proportions of 16:1n-7 and 18:1n-9 at the expense of 18:2n-6 than in the control rats. This animal obesity model shows that LTH affects the FA composition and concentration of plasma PL, plasma FFA, and adipose tissue TAG, a result consistent with changes associated with increased risk of various diseases in humans. These results also demonstrate that LTH alters the FA composition of plasma PL and adipose tissue TAG in a way that does not reflect the FA composition of dietary fat.
Weight Loss, Survival, and Fatty Acid Composition in Overwintered Juvenile Coppernose Bluegill <i>Lepomis macrochirus purpurescens</i> Cultured in Outdoor Tanks Using Different Feeding Regimens; Commercial producers raising centrarchids in Arkansas routinely report winter mortality. Juvenile centrarchids are susceptible to harsh winter conditions. The Coppernose Bluegill Lepomis macrochirus purpurescens is a popular sport fish for recreational fishing, and there are no recommended best management practices for winter feeding of this species. An outdoor trial was conducted to investigate the effect of different feeding regimens on performance of Coppernose Bluegill in the winter of 2014-2015. Four feeding regimens were implemented that included feeding twice per week (2x/week), once per week (1x/week), twice per month (2x/month), or once per month (1x/month). Twenty-five Coppernose Bluegill (initial weight = 2.59 +/- 0.19 g) were stocked per tank (16 tanks, 4 replicates). Temperatures ranged from 0 degrees C to 16 degrees C during the trial. After 95 d, there were no differences (P > 0.05) in final weight or weight loss. Fish that were fed 2x/week or 1x/week had higher survival (P < 0.05) than those fed 2x/month or 1x/month. Fatty acid profiles of initial fish were distinctly different from the postwinter profiles of fed fish, although winter feeding frequency did not appear to influence fatty acid profiles in Coppernose Bluegill. Levels of saturates were higher in initial fish than in postwinter fish. The monounsaturated fatty acids 16:1 and 18:1(n-9) were higher in initial fish than in postwinter fish. Initial fish contained lower levels of 18:2(n-6), 20:4, and 22:6(n-3) than postwinter fish. Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and n-3 and n-6 levels were also lower in initial fish than in postwinter fish, while the ratio of n-6/n-3 fatty acids did not differ significantly among initial and postwinter fed fish. Data indicate that (1) overwintering and infrequently fed Coppernose Bluegill preferentially conserve PUFAs and (2) feeding 1 x /week or 2 x /week may be a beneficial strategy for sport fish producers to increase survival of Coppernose Bluegill during the winter in temperate regions of the USA.
THE INCREASED UTILIZATION OF EGG LIPID RESERVES FOLLOWING INDUCTION OF TRIPLOIDY IN THE MANILA CLAM (TAPES-PHILIPPINARUM); Manila clam (Tapes philippinarum Adams and Reeve) broodstocks were conditioned in the hatchery in sand-filtered sea water with diet supplements of either Dunaliella tertiolecta or Skeletonema costatum. Eggs spawned by the Dunaliella broodstock had higher levels of 18:3 (n-3) and 20:4 (n-6), and lower levels of 20: 5 (n-3) than eggs from the Skeletonema broodstock; this reflected the fatty acid composition of the algal diets.
Asymmetric Binding and Metabolism of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs) by CYP2J2 Epoxygenase; Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2J2 is the primary epoxygenase in the heart and is responsible for the epoxidation of arachidonic acid (AA), an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), into anti-inflammatory epoxide metabolites. It also epoxidizes other PUFAs such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), linoleic acid (LA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Herein, we have performed detailed thermodynamic and kinetic analyses to determine how DHA, LA, and EPA modulate the metabolism of AA by CYP2J2. We use the Nanodisc system to stabilize CYP2J2 and its redox partner, CYP reductase (CPR). We observe that DHA strongly inhibits CYP2J2-mediated AA metabolism, LA only moderately inhibits AA metabolism, and EPA exhibits insignificant inhibition. We also characterized the binding of these molecules using ebastine competitive binding assays and show that DHA binds significantly tighter to CYP2J2 than AA, EPA, or LA. Furthermore, we utilize a combined approach of molecular dynamics (MD) simulations and docking to predict key residues mediating the tight binding of DHA. We show that although all the tested fatty acids form similar contacts to the active site residues, the affinity of DHA for CYP2J2 is tighter because of the interaction of DHA with residues Arg-321, Thr-318, and Ser-493. To demonstrate the importance of these residues in binding, we mutated these residues to make two mutant variants, CYP2J2-T318A and CYP2J2-T318V/S493A. Both mutant variants showed weaker binding than the wild type (WT) to DHA and AA; DHA inhibition of AA was also mitigated in the mutants compared to the WT. Therefore, using a combined experimental and MD simulation approach, we establish that CYP2J2 inhibition of AA metabolism by DHA, EPA, and LA is asymmetric because of tighter binding of DHA to select residues in the active site.
Recent advances in nanocarriers for nutrient delivery; For the past few years, there has been a surge in the use of nutraceuticals. The global nutraceuticals market in 2020 was USD 417.66 billion, and the market value is expected to increase by 8.9% compound annual growth rate from 2020 to 2028. This is because nutraceuticals are used to treat and prevent various diseases such as cancer, skin disorders, gastrointestinal, ophthalmic, diabetes, obesity, and central nervous system-related diseases. Nutritious food provides the required amount of nutrition to the human body through diet, whereas most of the bioactive agents present in the nutrients are highly lipophilic, with low aqueous solubility leading to poor dissolution and oral bioavailability. Also, the nutraceuticals like curcumin, carotenoids, anthocyanins, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamins C, vitamin B12, and quercetin have limitations such as poor solubility, chemical instability, bitter taste, and an unpleasant odor. Additionally, the presence of gastrointestinal (GIT) membrane barriers, varied pH, and reaction with GIT enzymes cause the degradation of some of the nutraceuticals. Nanotechnology-based nutrient delivery systems can be used to improve oral bioavailability by increasing nutraceutical stability in foods and GIT, increasing nutraceutical solubility in intestinal fluids, and decreasing first-pass metabolism in the gut and liver. This article has compiled the properties and applications of various nanocarriers such as polymeric nanoparticles, micelles, liposomes, niosomes, solid lipid nanocarriers, nanostructured lipid carrier, microemulsion, nanoemulsion, dendrimers in organic nanoparticles, and nanocomposites for effective delivery of bioactive molecules.
Impact of Genetic and Environmental Factors on hsCRP Concentrations and Response to Therapeutic Agents; BACKGROUND: Inflammation plays an instrumental role in all stages of atherosclerosis. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a systemic inflammatory marker, has been gaining recognition as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Both baseline hsCRP concentrations and drug-induced hsCRP changes are highly variable and potentially subject to genetic regulation.
Effect of lipid-lowering therapy on platelet reactivity in patients treated with and without antiplatelet therapy; Circulating lipoproteins may interact with platelets, increasing platelet sensitivity to aggregating agonists and their ten-dency towards activation and thrombus formation. In particular, patients with hypercholesterolemia exhibit a higher de-gree of platelet reactivity compared to normolipidemic. Moreover, accruing evidence report that lipid-lowering therapies can reduce thrombus formation, particularly in the absence of concomitant antiplatelet therapy. However, the underlying biological mechanism(s) explaining these clinical observations are not completely understood. Baseline platelet reactiv-ity and high on-treatment platelet reactivity while on antiplatelet therapy (e.g., aspirin and clopidogrel) are associated with poor clinical outcomes. Therefore, strategies to reduce baseline platelet reactivity or improve the pharmacodynamic profile of antiplatelet therapies are an unmet clinical need. The potential use of lipid-lowering therapies for optimizing platelet reactivity provides several advantages as there is strong evidence that reducing circulating lipoproteins can im-prove clinical outcomes, and they may avoid the need for potent antiplatelet therapies that, although more effective, are associated with increased bleeding risk. This review will provide a systematic overview of the effects of lipid-lowering therapy on platelet reactivity in patients treated with and without antiplatelet therapy. We will focus on the potential biological mechanism(s) of action and the effect of statins, ezetimibe, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin 9 inhibitors, omega-3 fatty acids, and recombinant high-density lipoprotein on platelet reactivity. Ultimately, we will assess the cur-rent gaps in the literature and future perspective in the field.
Influence of <i>n-6</i> versus <i>n-3</i> polyunsaturated fatty acids in diets low in saturated fatty acids on plasma lipoproteins and hemostatic factors; Modification of dietary fat composition may influence hemostatic variables, which are associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). To address this question, we performed a controlled feeding study on 3-6 healthy male nonsmoking subjects with diets of differing far composition. For the first 3 weeks, the subjects were given a diet calculated to supply 30% energy as total fat: 8% as monounsaturated, 4% as polyunsaturated, and 16% energy as saturated fatty acids, respectively (saturated diet). This was followed immediately by two diets taken in random order, each of 3-week duration and separated by an 8-week washout period on the subject's usual diet, Both diets were calculated to supply 30% of energy as fat: 14% monounsaturated, 6% as polyunsaturated, and 8% energy as saturated fatty acids. They both provided 5 g (approximately 1.7% energy) more of polyunsaturated fatty acids than the saturated fat diet; in one diet as long-chain n-3 fatty acids (n-3 diet) and in the other as linoleic acid (n-6 diet). Fasting plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and hemostatic factors were measured on the final 3 days of each dietary period. In a subset of 9 subjects the postprandial responses to a test meal were studied on the penultimate day of each period, each meal having the fat composition of its parent diet. On the n-3 diet compared with the n-6 diet, plasma triglyceride. HDL, cholesterol, apoprotein AII, and fibrinogen concentrations were lower and HDL2 cholesterol concentration was higher (P=.0001, P=.003, P=.0001, P=.004 and P = .001, respectively). On both the n-3 and n-6 diets compared with the saturated diet, fasting plasma total and LDL cholesterol, apoprotein B, beta-thromboglobulin concentrations, and platelet counts were lower (P<.0001, P<.0001, P<.001, P<.01, and P<.05 respectively) and plasma Lp(a) and von Willebrand factor concentrations were higher (P=.02 and P<.01, respectively). Fasting factor VII coagulant activity (VIIc) was increased and apoprotein AI concentration reduced following the n-3 diet (P=.004 and P=.01, respectively) compared with the saturated diet. Plasma fibrinogen concentration was significantly greater following the n-6 diet than on the saturated diet (P=.02). Postprandially, plasma triglyceridemia was greater on the n-6 diet and lowest on the n-3 diet (P<.001) with the saturated diet being intermediate. Plasma VIIc was increased at 4 hours following the standardized test meals on the n-3 and n-6 diets (both P<.05) but not on the saturated diet. An increased intake of long chain n-3 fatty acids decreases fasting plasma triglyceride and apoprotein AII concentrations and increases HDL2 cholesterol concentrations and results in less postprandial lipemia but leads to an increase in VIIc. An increased intake of linoleic acid may raise plasma fibrinogen concentration. Decreasing the intake of saturated fatty acids reduces plasma LDL cholesterol and apoprotein B without affecting HDL cholesterol concentration independent of the type of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet. When advice is given to reduce saturated fat intake. it is important to ensure an appropriate ratio of n-3/n-6 fatty acids in the diet.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids improve lipoprotein particle size and concentration in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and hypertriglyceridemia: a pilot study; Background: Patients with type 2 diabetes are at high risk for cardiovascular disease. Although hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) can reduce cardiovascular events, residual risk remains even after target low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels have been achieved. Lipoprotein particle size and fraction changes are thought to contribute to such risks. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), predominantly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, on lipoprotein particle size, concentration, and glycemic control in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and hypertriglyceridemia.
EPA, DHA, cholesterol and phospholipid content in <i>Pagrus pagrus</i> (cultured and wild), <i>Trachinus draco</i> and <i>Trigla lyra</i> from Mediterranean Sea; EPA, DHA, cholesterol and phospholipid content were determined in the Trachinus draco, Trigla lyra and (wild and cultured) Pagrus pagrus muscles.
The role of nutrition in abdominal obesity; Recognition of the biological and health importance of abdominal fatness has stimulated researchers, clinicians and public heath workers. Most work and interest so far has focussed on how it might account for health outcomes, with increasing attention to its preferred measurement. Its aetiology and pathogenesis is thought to reflect gender, age and energy balance which, if positive, leads to increased total body fatness, including abdominal fatness. But these contributors themselves, when considered mechanistically, raise possibilities about other potentially important modulators of abdominal fatness, such as adipocyte differentiation and apoptosis, the kinetics of cell fat content, its hormonal and neural control, along with underlying genetic predisposition and expression. In turn, the ways in which environmental factors may influence fat distribution come into focus; these include nutritional factors, which may be as broad as the food cultural (given ethnic differences in abdominal fatness) or as located as specific food factors like those which are thermogenic (eg. capsaicin-like), hormone-like (notably the candidate phytoestrogens) or essential fatty acids which affect receptor function (like omega-3 fatty acids). There is a prima facie case for food intake, aside from its energy value, in its own right, or in conjunction with early life events and/or physical activity and/or substance abuse having a determinant role in the development of abdominal fatness. To what extent, and how, it is now opportune to ask. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
Healthy dietary intake moderates the effects of age on brain iron concentration and working memory performance; Age-related brain iron accumulation is linked with oxidative stress, neurodegeneration and cognitive decline. Certain nutrients can reduce brain iron concentration in animal models, however, this association is not well established in humans. Moreover, it remains unknown if nutrition can moderate the effects of age on brain iron concentration and/or cognition. Here, we explored these issues in a sample of 73 healthy older adults (61-86 years old), while controlling for several factors such as age, gender, years of education, physical fitness and alcohol-intake. Quantitative susceptibility mapping was used for assessment of brain iron concentration and participants performed an N-Back paradigm to evaluate working memory performance. Nutritional-intake was assessed via a validated questionnaire. Nutrients were grouped into nutrition factors based on previous literature and factor analysis. One factor, comprised of vitamin E, lysine, DHA omega-3 and LA omega-6 PUFA, representing food groups such as nuts, healthy oils and fish, moderated the effects of age on both brain iron concentration and working memory performance, suggesting that these nutrients may slow the rate of brain iron accumulation and working memory declines in aging. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ )
Changes in nutrient intake in the adult population of the Slovak Republic; Major changes in social and economic conditions occurred in Slovak Republic in the last decade. Since these factors influence food choice to a great extent, changes in nutrient intake of the population were expected. Epidemiological studies focused on dietary habits of the adult Slovak population were conducted in 1991-1994 and 1995-1999. Dietary data were obtained from randomly selected 4018 subjects aged 19-80 years by a single 24-h dietary recall. Calculation of nutrient content was based on Slovak food composition database. Despite a decrease protein and fat intakes still exceed recommendations. Saturated fatty acids prevail; consumption of linoleic acid also approaches the upper limit of recommended values. On the opposite, a-linolenic acid content in food is low. Dietary fibre intake increased; however, it does not meet the recommended dietary allowance. A significant increase in the consumption of calcium, vitamin C and folate, as well as that of copper and vitamin B6 in females was found, however, vitamin and mineral intake is generally lower than the recommendation except that of iron, folate, vitamin A and vitamin E in males. In recent years only slight, but generally desirable changes in food habits of the Slovak population were observed. (C) 2002 Elsevier science Ltd. All rights reserved.
ELOVL5 and IGFBP6 genes modulate sensitivity of breast cancer cells to ferroptosis; Introduction: Relapse of breast cancer is one of the key obstacles to successful treatment. Previously we have shown that low expression of ELOVL5 and IGFBP6 genes in breast cancer tissue corresponded to poor prognosis. ELOVL5 participates directly in the elongation of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that are considered to play an important role in cancer cell metabolism. Thus, in this work we studied the changes in lipid metabolism in breast cancer cells with reduced expression of either ELOVL5 or IGFBP6 gene.Methods: MDA-MB-231 cells with a stable knockdown of either ELOVL5 or IGFBP6 gene were used in this study. Transcriptomic and proteomic analysis as well as RT-PCR were utilized to assess gene expression. Content of individual fatty acids in the cells was measured with HPLC-MS. HPLC was used for analysis of the kinetics of PUFAs uptake. Cell viability was measured with MTS assay. Flow cytometry was used to measure activation of apoptosis. Fluorescent microscopy was utilized to assess accumulation of ROS and formation of lipid droplets. Glutathione peroxidase activity was measured with a colorimetric assay.Results: We found that the knockdown of IGFBP6 gene led to significant changes in the profile of fatty acids in the cells and in the expression of many genes associated with lipid metabolism. As some PUFAs are known to inhibit proliferation and cause death of cancer cells, we also tested the response of the cells to single PUFAs and to combinations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, a n-3 PUFA) with standard chemotherapeutic drugs. Our data suggest that external PUFAs cause cell death by activation of ferroptosis, an iron-dependent mechanism of cell death with excessive lipid peroxidation. Moreover, both knockdowns increased cells' sensitivity to ferroptosis, probably due to a significant decrease in the activity of the antioxidant enzyme GPX4. Addition of DHA to commonly used chemotherapeutic drugs enhanced their effect significantly, especially for the cells with low expression of IGFBP6 gene.Discussion: The results of this study suggest that addition of PUFAs to the treatment regimen for the patients with low expression of IGFBP6 and ELOVL5 genes can be potentially beneficial and is worth testing in a clinically relevant setting.
The Lipid-Heart Hypothesis and the Keys Equation Defined the Dietary Guidelines but Ignored the Impact of <i>Trans</i>-Fat and High Linoleic Acid Consumption; In response to a perceived epidemic of coronary heart disease, Ancel Keys introduced the lipid-heart hypothesis in 1953 which asserted that high intakes of total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol lead to atherosclerosis and that consuming less fat and cholesterol, and replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat, would reduce serum cholesterol and consequently the risk of heart disease. Keys proposed an equation that would predict the concentration of serum cholesterol (Delta Chol.) from the consumption of saturated fat (Delta S), polyunsaturated fat (Delta P), and cholesterol (Delta Z): Delta Chol. = 1.2(2 Delta S - Delta P) + 1.5 Delta Z. However, the Keys equation conflated natural saturated fat and industrial trans-fat into a single parameter and considered only linoleic acid as the polyunsaturated fat. This ignored the widespread consumption of trans-fat and its effects on serum cholesterol and promoted an imbalance of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids in the diet. Numerous observational, epidemiological, interventional, and autopsy studies have failed to validate the Keys equation and the lipid-heart hypothesis. Nevertheless, these have been the cornerstone of national and international dietary guidelines which have focused disproportionately on heart disease and much less so on cancer and metabolic disorders, which have steadily increased since the adoption of this hypothesis.
Effect of nutritional state of brain-dead organ donor on transplantation; OBJECTIVE: We describe the effect of the metabolic and nutritional modifications caused by severe illness or injury in brain-dead organ donors on transplant organ function. Malnutrition is frequently found in brain-dead organ donors and nutrients may interfere with different organ functions.
Identifying panaxynol, a natural activator of nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor 2 (Nrf2) from American ginseng as a suppressor of inflamed macrophage-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy; Ethnopharmacological relevance: American ginseng is capable of ameliorating cardiac dysfunction and activating Nrf2, a master regulator of antioxidant defense, in the heart. This study was designed to isolate compounds from American ginseng and to determine those responsible for the Nrf2-mediated resolution of inflamed macrophage-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamin E and lycopene alleviate ambient particulate matter organic extracts-induced oxidative stress in canine lung cells via the Nrf2/HO-1 pathway; Exposure to environmental particulate matter (PM) causes lung damage in humans, but it is not sufficiently studied in companion animals. In this work, we found that organic extracts (OE) of PM induced oxidative stress and were more cytotoxic than water-soluble extracts (WE) of PM in canine (Canis familiaris) pulmonary alveolar type II epithelial (PAE) cells. Subsequently, we evaluated the alleviating effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid mixtures (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids), vitamin E, and lycopene on OE-exposed PAE cells. The results indicated that the three nutrients attenuated OE-induced oxidative stress. Compared with OE-exposed PAE cells, cells pretreated with the three nutrients exhibited a 1.7 similar to 2.2-fold reduction in reactive oxygen species, 15.58% similar to 19.96% increase in cell viability, 26.19% similar to 29.32% reduction in lactate dehydrogenase release and 33.87% similar to 40.10% reduction in intracellular malondialdehyde. Meanwhile, the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione peroxidase increased by 35.22% similar to 47.70%, 45.36% similar to 64.13%, and 48.56% similar to 68.18%. Besides, microscopic observation revealed that nutrients improved cell morphology, as evidenced by reduced cell shrinkage and increased apposition. Finally, the mechanisms of OE toxicity and antioxidant nutrients were explored respectively. The results revealed that OE triggered cytotoxicity by directly disrupting antioxidant enzyme activity through activation of ROS, while nutrients inhibited OE-induced cellular oxidative stress via upregulation of the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway. The present study may provide significant insights into the prevention of PM-induced lung diseases by antioxidant supplementation in animals.
Fish protein increases circulating levels of trimethylamine-<i>N</i>-oxide and accelerates aortic lesion formation in apoE null mice; ScopeThe protective effect of fish consumption on the cardiovascular system has primarily been ascribed to n-3 fatty acids, but data investigating the vascular effects of fish protein consumption are scarce. This study aimed to investigate the vascular impact of fish protein in a mouse model of atherosclerosis.
Genetic loci associated with circulating phospholipid <i>trans</i> fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium; Background: Circulating trans fatty acids (TFAs), which cannot be synthesized by humans, are linked to adverse health outcomes. Although TFAs are obtained from diet, little is known about subsequent influences (e.g., relating to incorporation, metabolism, or intercompetition with other fatty acids) that could alter circulating concentrations and possibly modulate or mediate impacts on health.
Reactive oxygen species-mediated cardiac-reperfusion injury: Mechanisms and therapies; Reperfusion injury is an inherent response to the restoration of blood flow after ischemia. It is a complex process involving numerous mechanisms occurring in the intracellular and extracellular environments, and it is mediated in part by reactive oxygen species (ROS). The imbalance between the cellular formation of free radicals and cells' capacity to defend against them can cause cardiac tissue injuries. In this context, ROS play an essential role in both the organ injury and repair processes. After reperfusion, infiltration into the myocardium of inflammatory leucocytes, such as macrophages and neutrophils, causes further ROS production beyond the initiation of the inflammatory cascade. In this case, ROS overproduction is crucial in cardiac injury, and it can increase the complications related to cardiac reperfusion. In myocardial tissue, ROS can be produced from several sources, such as xanthine oxidase, cytochrome oxidase, cyclooxygenase, mediated unsaturated fatty acid oxidation, oxidation of catecholamines, mitochondrial oxidation, activation of leukocyte nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase, iron release, and reduction-oxidation reaction cycling; all of these sources reduce molecular oxygen in the reperfused myocardium. This review discusses about the molecular and therapeutic aspects of cardiac-reperfusion injuries generated by ROS. Experimental and clinical evidence with respect to the use of ischemic preconditioning, Ca2+, nitric oxide, and conventional antioxidants in cardiac-reperfusion injury are summarized, and causal therapy approaches with various antioxidants are discussed. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved.
Content of fatty acids in a diet and the homocysteine levels in women with fertility disorders; OBJECTIVES: Assessment of the effects of consumption of fatty acids on the homocysteine levels in women with fertility disorders.
Complement component 3 polymorphisms interact with polyunsaturated fatty acids to modulate risk of metabolic syndrome; Background: Complement component 3 (C3) is a novel determinant of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). Gene-nutrient interactions with dietary fat may affect MetS risk.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Augments Hypothermic Neuroprotection in a Neonatal Rat Asphyxia Model; Background: In neonatal rats, early post-hypoxia-ischemia (HI) administration of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) improves sensorimotor function, but does not attenuate brain damage. Objective: To determine if DHA administration in addition to hypothermia, now standard care for neonatal asphyxial brain injury, attenuates post-HI damage and sensorimotor deficits. Methods: Seven-day-old (P7) rats underwent right carotid ligation followed by 90 min of 8% O-2 exposure. Fifteen minutes later, pups received injections of DHA 2.5 mg/kg (complexed to 25% albumin) or equal volumes of albumin. After a 1-hour recovery, pups were cooled (3 h, 30 degrees C). Sensorimotor and pathology outcomes were initially evaluated on P14. In subsequent experiments, sensorimotor function was evaluated on P14, P21, and P28; histopathology was assessed on P28. Results: At P14, left forepaw function scores (normal: 20/20) were near normal in DHA + hypothermia-treated animals (mean +/- SD 19.7 +/- 0.7 DHA + hypothermia vs. 12.7 +/- 3.5 albumin + hypothermia, p < 0.0001) and brain damage was reduced (mean +/- SD right hemisphere damage 38 +/- 17% with DHA + hypothermia vs. 56 +/- 15% with albumin + hypothermia, p = 0.003). Substantial improvements on three sensorimotor function measures and reduced brain damage were evident up to P28. Conclusion: Unlike post-HI treatment with DHA alone, treatment with DHA + hypothermia produced both sustained functional improvement and reduced brain damage after neonatal HI. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Wheatgrass Juice Administration and Immune Measures during Adjuvant Chemotherapy in Colon Cancer Patients: Preliminary Results; Adjuvant chemotherapy is recommended in high-risk stage II-III colorectal cancer (CC). We examine the effect of daily wheatgrass juice (WGJ) intake in addition to chemotherapy on immune parameters, including IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, and white blood cells (WBCs) among CC patients. In a controlled prospective trial, 100 stage II-III CC patients were enrolled. According to patient preference, they were divided into two subgroups, control group and intervention group, 50 patients each, all of whom received the same standard postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy, plus consumption of 60 cc WGJ daily in the intervention group. Blood samples were collected at baseline (T0) and upon treatment termination, 5-6 months later (T1). Cytokine concentrations were assessed using ELISA kits. Anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 concentrations were significantly higher in the WGJ group than in the control group at T1. The decline in WBC counts between T0 and T1 was significantly lower in the WGJ group. No significant differences were observed in IL-6, IL-8, and IL-12 concentrations between the study groups. The higher levels of IL-10 and the attenuating of WBC decline during chemotherapy may constitute preliminary evidence of the beneficial effects of WGJ on immune parameters, when given as a supplement to standard care. In light of these preliminary results, WGJ supports immunological parameters during adjuvant chemotherapy. Nevertheless, future studies are needed in order to translate those results to clinical recommendations for cancer survivors.
PLASMA AND TISSUE-LIPIDS OF PIGLETS FED FORMULA CONTAINING SATURATED FATTY-ACIDS FROM MEDIUM-CHAIN TRIGLYCERIDES WITH OR WITHOUT FISH-OIL; Addition of fish oil (FO) with carbon chain 20 and 22 (long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; LCPs) n-3 fatty acids to formula has been considered as a method to provide 22:6n-3 to preterm infants. These studies determined the effects of including 0.73% n-3 LCPs from FO in formula containing saturated fatty acids as medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) oil on plasma and organ triglyceride (TG), phospholipid (PL), and cholesterol ester (CE) contents and compositions in piglets. Reference piglets were fed their own mother's milk. Piglets fed the formula with FO had significantly lower liver and kidney, but not plasma, TG concentrations; lower liver PL 20:4n-6; and higher plasma, liver, and kidney TG, FL, and CE n-3 LCPs than piglets fed the formula without FO. The increase in liver and kidney lipid n-3 LCPs and the decrease in kidney lipid content shows that inclusion of FO in formula with a high content of MCTs and 18:2n-6 does not promote tissue lipid metabolism similar to natural milk feeding. Piglets fed formula with FO had similar brain 20:4n-6 and 20:5n-3 but higher 22:6n-3 than did piglets fed sow milk. Diet-related differences in plasma and red blood cell PL were not reliable predictors of differences in brain LCP.
Influence of an algal triacylglycerol containing docosahexaenoic acid (22: 6<i>n</i>-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (22: 5<i>n</i>-6) on cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women; The intake of long-chain n-3 PUFA, including DHA (22 : 6n-3), is associated with a reduced risk of CVD. Schizochytrium sp. are an important primary source of DHA in the marine food chain but they also provide substantial quantities of the n-6 PUFA docosapentaenoic acid (22 : 5n-6; DPA). The effect of this oil on cardiovascular risk factors was evaluated using a double-blind randomised placebo-controlled parallel-design trial in thirty-nine men and forty women. Subjects received 4 g oil/d for 4 weeks; the active treatment provided 1.5 g DHA and 0.6 g DPA. Active treatment increased plasma concentrations of arachidonic acid, adrenic acid, DPA and DHA by 21, 11, 11 and 88 mg/l respectively and the proportions of DPA and DHA in erythrocyte phospholipids by 78 and 27 % respectively. Serum total, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol increased by 0.33 mmol/l (7.3 %), 0.26 mmol/l (10.4 %) and 0.14 mmol/l (9.0 %) compared with placebo (all P <= 0.001). Factor VII (FVII) coagulant activity increased by 12 % following active treatment (P=0.006). There were no significant differences between treatments in LDL size, blood pressure, plasma glucose, serum C-reactive protein, plasma FVII antigen, FVII activated, fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, tocopherol or carotenoid concentrations, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, creatine kinase or troponin-I activities, haematology or liver function tests or self-reported adverse effects. Overall, the oil was well tolerated and did not adversely affect cardiovascular risk.
Supplementation with ω3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and <i>all-rac</i> alpha-tocopherol alone and in combination failed to exert an anti-inflammatory effect in human volunteers; There is growing evidence supporting the importance of inflammation in all stages of atherosclerosis. While both omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3PUFA) and the lipid-soluble antioxidant alpha-tocopherol (AT) have been shown to independently have significant anti-inflammatory effects, there is paucity of data examining the effect of n3PUFA alone and in combination with AT on markers of inflammation and monocyte function. Therefore, we tested the effect of n3PUFA alone, all-rac (synthetic) AT alone, and the combination on markers of inflammation and monocyte function. Healthy nonsmoking volunteers were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 groups (n = 20 per group): 1.5 g/d n3PUFA, 800 IU/d AT, 1.5 g n3PUFA + 800 IU/d AT, or placebo in a parallel double-blinded study. Compared to baseline, 12 weeks of supplementation resulted in no changes in plasma lipids regardless of treatment. Plasma AT was significantly increased only in those groups that received AT (P < .0001). Similarly, groups receiving n3PUFA showed a significant increase in plasma docosahexaenoic acid (P < .0001). No significant within- or between-group differences were found for plasma levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Furthermore, there were no differences in monocyte proinflammatory cytokine release (interleukin [IL]-1beta, tumor necrosis factor [TNF]-alpha and IL-6) after activation with monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1). In conclusion, supplementation with n3PUFA and all-rac AT at these doses is not anti-inflammatory. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hypertension and Dyslipidemia Combined Therapeutic Approaches; Treating blood pressure (BP) alone may provide only limited benefits while it is recommendable to manage the total cardiovascular risk. To date, several studies have shown that concomitant treatment of hypertension and dyslipidemia with non-pharmacological approaches and/or metabolically neutral antihypertensive drugs and statins produce a significantly greater reduction of the risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Thus, in this review article, we summarize the available evidence regarding non-pharmacological and pharmacological approaches with a favourable effect on both BP and lipids.
Epididymal epithelial degeneration and lipid metabolism impairment account for male infertility in occludin knockout mice; Occludin (OCLN) is a tight junction protein and Ocln deletion mutation causes male infertility in mice. However, the role of OCLN in male reproductive system remains unknown. In this study, we used an interdisciplinary approach to elucidate the underlying mechanism of male infertility in related to OCLN function, including Ocln knockout mice as well as a combined omics analysis and immunofluorescent labelling. Our results showed that the epididymis of Ocln-null mice displayed a phenomenon resembling epididymal sperm granuloma, which occurred especially in the junctional region between caput and corpus epididymidis. Sperm motility and fertilisation capacity were also impaired in these Ocln-null mice, accompanied by enlarged tubules in the proximal regions and degeneration in the distal regions of epididymis. Cellular localization analysis showed that OCLN immunofluorescence was enriched only in the apical junction of epithelial principal cells in the proximal regions of epididymis. Integrative omics analysis revealed the downregulation of gene clusters enriched in acid secretion and fatty acid metabolism in the Ocln-null epididymis, especially the enzymes related to the unsaturated arachidonic acid pathway. The number of proton-pump V-ATPase-expression clear cells, a key player of luminal acidification in the epididymis, declined drastically from prepubertal age before sperm arrival but not in the early postnatal age. This was accompanied by programmed cell death of clear cells and increased pH in the epididymal fluid of OCLN-deficient mice. The lipidomics results showed significantly increased levels of specific DAGs conjugated to unsaturated fatty acids in the Ocln-mutant. Immunofluorescent labelling showed that the arachidonic acid converting enzyme PTGDS and phospholipase PLA2g12a were prominently altered in the principal cells and luminal contents of the Ocln-mutant epididymis. Whereas the carboxylate ester lipase CES1, originally enriched in the WT basal cells, was found upregulated in the Ocln-mutant principal cells. Overall, this study demonstrates that OCLN is essential for maintaining caput-to-corpus epithelial integrity, survival of acid-secreting clear cells, and unsaturated fatty acid catabolism in the mouse epididymis, thereby ensuring sperm maturation and male fertility.
Antioxidant treatment protects diabetic rats from cardiac dysfunction by preserving contractile protein targets of oxidative stress; Backgound Animal studies suggest that reactive oxygen species (ROS) play an important role in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy. Hypothesis. Matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) is activated by ROS and contributes to the acute loss of myocardial contractile function by targeting and cleaving susceptible proteins including troponin I (Inc) and alpha-actinin. Methods Using the streptozotocin-induced diabetic rat model, we evaluated the effect of daily in vivo administration of sodium selenate (0 3 mg/kg; DMS group), or a pure omega-3 fish oil with antioxidant vitamin E (omega-3E, 50 mg/kg. DMFA group), which has antioxidant-like effects, for 4 weeks on heart function and on several biochemical parameters related to oxidant stress and MMP-2. Results. Although both treatments prevented the diabetes-induced depression in left ventricular developed pressure (LVDP) as well as the rates of changes in developed pressure (+/-dP/dt) (P<.001), the improvement in LVDP of the DMS group was greater compared to that of the DMFA group (P<.001). Moreover, these treatments reduced the diabetes-induced increase in myocardial oxidized protein sulfhydryl and nitrite concentrations (P<.001). Gelatin zymography and Western blot data indicated that the diabetes-induced changes in myocardial levels of MMP-2 and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-4 (TIMP-4) and the reduction in TnI and alpha-actinin protein levels were improved in both the DMS and DMFA groups (P<.001). Conclusions: These results suggest that diabetes-induced alterations in MMP-2 and TIMP-4 contribute to myocardial contractile dysfunction by targeting TnI and alpha-actinin and that sodium selenate or omega-3E could have therapeutic benefits in diabetic cardiomyopathy. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Exogenous Jasmonic Acid Alleviates Blast Resistance Reduction Caused by <i>LOX3</i> Knockout in Rice; Lipoxygenase 3 (LOX3) is a lipid peroxidase found in rice embryos that is known to affect seed quality. Interestingly, deletion of the LOX3 gene has been shown to improve rice seed quality but decrease resistance to rice blast disease and drought. To investigate these opposing effects, we generated a LOX3 knockout construct (Delta Lox3) in rice (Oryza sativa L.) plants. Blast resistance and transcription levels of rice genes in Delta Lox3 rice plants and the effects of exogenous jasmonic acid (JA) on resistance and transcriptional levels of rice genes in Magnaporthe oryzae-infected ?Lox3 rice plants were further elucidated. The results showed that the Delta Lox3 plants exhibited normal phenotypes, with high levels of methyl-linolenate and reactive oxygen species (ROS), and the genes involved in three Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways contributed to rice seed quality. M. oryzae-infected Delta Lox3 plants exhibited serious blast symptoms with a reduced defense response but increased ROS-mediated cell death, and the genes involved in seven KEGG pathways contributed to rice seed quality. Exogenous JA treatment alleviated blast symptoms in infected Delta Lox3 plants by hindering hyphal expansion, inhibiting ROS-mediated cell death, and increasing the defense response, and genes involved in 12 KEGG pathways contributed to rice seed quality. These findings demonstrate that LOX3 plays an important role in rice growth and defense, and its knockout improves rice quality at the expense of disease resistance. Exogenous JA provides a means to compensate for the reduction in defense responses of LOX3 knockout rice lines, suggesting potential applications in agricultural production.
INFLUENCE OF INTRAVENOUSLY ADMINISTERED LIPIDS ON RETICULOENDOTHELIAL FUNCTION; The influ?nce of highly purified saturated and unsaturated fatty acid esters as well as triglycerides and phospholipids on the phagocytic activity of the reticuloendothelial system (RES) was evaluated. The administration of an emulsion of methyl palmitate to mice by oral intubation or intraperitoneal injection produced no alteration in organ weights or phagocytic function of the RES. In contrast, the intravenous injection into 20-gm mice of an emulsion of methyl palmitate, containing 15-45 mg of methyl palmitate, induced a pronounced impairment in the intravascular clearance of colloidal C. The most severe depression was induced by the 3 5-mg dose of methyl palmitate. After a single intravenous injection of methyl palmitate a depression in the phagocytosis of colloidal C was induced as early as 5 hours after administration of the emulsion. Phagocytic function was significantly depressed for up to 17 days after methyl palmitate administration with maximum depression observed at the 2-day period. The decreased phagocytosis was due to a reduced hepatic and splenic macrophage activity as determined by means of a "RE test lipid emulsion." The administration of methyl palmitate to splenectomized mice produced a greater degree of phagocytic depression than that observed in intact mice. The glyceryl ester of oleic acid, triolein, induced a mild stimulation of RE function. In contrast, certain methyl, ethyl and n-butyl esters of fatty acids containing 14-20 C atoms and of various degrees of saturation induced a depression of the phagocytic activity of the RE system. Fatty acid esters containing 6-13 C atoms induced immediate death upon intravenous administration and could not be employed. Lecithin and cephalin preparations induced pahgocytic depression, while sphin-gomyelin emulsions did not alter phagocytic function. Although the mechanisms of lipid-induced alterations in phagocytic activity are not clarified, it is obvious that lipid emulsions offer a means whereby chemical control of certain functional activities of RE cells can be accomplished.
Olive, soybean and palm oils intake have a similar acute detrimental effect over the endothelial function in healthy young subjects; Background and aim: Currently, more than 30% of the caloric intake in the Colombian population comes from vegetable oil consumption mainly by the ingestion of deep-fried foods. Recently, it has been reported that unsaturated fatty acid rich oils have a beneficial effect on the endothelial function. Nevertheless, it is well know that the deep-frying process alters the chemical composition of vegetable oils and can produce adverse effects in the endothelial function. Objective: To evaluate the acute effect of the ingestion of large amounts of olive, soybean and palm oils, fresh and at two different deep-fry levels, on the glucose and lipid profiles and the endothelia\l function.
Pitfalls in the use of randomised controlled trials for fish oil studies with cardiac patients; Randomised controlled trials (RCT) examining the effects of fish oil supplementation on cardiac outcomes have yielded varying results over time. Although RCT are placed at the top of the evidence hierarchy, this methodology arose in the framework of pharmaceutical development. RCT with pharmaceuticals differ in important ways from RCT involving fish oil interventions. In particular, in pharmaceutical RCT, the test agent is present only in the intervention group and not in the control group, whereas in fish oil RCT, n-3 fats are present in the diet and in the tissues of both groups. Also, early phase studies with pharmaceuticals determine pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics to design the dose of the RCT intervention so that it is in a predicted linear dose-response range. None of this happens in fish oil RCT, and there is evidence that both baseline n-3 intake and tissue levels may be sufficiently high in the dose-response range that it is not possible to demonstrate a clinical effect with a RCT. When these issues are considered, it is possible that the changing pattern of fish consumption and fish oil use over time, especially in cardiac patients, can explain the disparity where benefit was observed in the early fish oil trials but not in the more recent trials.
Phospholipase A(2)-induced cytoprotection of proximal tubules: Potential determinants and specificity for ATP depletion-mediated injury; Addition of phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) to isolated proximal tubular segments (PTS) has previously been shown to decrease hypoxic cell death without altering ATP concentrations. The study presented here was undertaken to identify determinant(s) of this protection, and to define the spectrum of injuries against which it can operate. PTS were extracted from mouse kidneys and subjected to diverse forms of injury (hypoxia/reoxygenation, antimycin A, Ca2+ ionophore, amphotericin B, FeSO4, and myohemoglobin). In subtoxic doses, addition of PLA(2) significantly reduced hypoxic- and antimycin A-induced injury (percentage of lactate dehydrogenase release); however, a dose-dependent exacerbation of all other forms of injury resulted. The ability of PLA(2) to mitigate hypoxic injury remained intact despite the inhibition of Na,K-ATPase (ouabain) or the inducement of cytoskeletal disruption (cytochalasin D). However, it was negated by minimally toxic amphotericin B or Ca2+ ionophore doses, indicating its dependence on preserved ionic gradients. Nevertheless, neither lowering/removing buffer Ca2+ or NaCl concentrations, nor hypertonic mannitol addition reproduced the cytoprotective effect of PLA(2). PLA(2) induced synergistic deacylation in hypoxic tubules, suggesting that unsaturated fatty-acid accumulation might mediate its cytoprotective effect. The fact that the addition of exogenous arachidonate, but not palmitate, to tubules protected against hypoxia, but worsened nonhypoxic forms of injury, supported this hypothesis. Since arachidonate might induce ''feedback'' inhibition of intracellular PLA(2), the ability of an intracellular phospholipase inhibitor (ONO-RS-082; Biomol, Plymouth, PA) to blunt hypoxic damage was tested. This agent fully reproduced the cytoprotective effect of PLA(2). It was concluded that: (1) PLA(2)-induced cytoprotection is relatively specific for ATP depletion injury; (2) it is dependent on, but not explained by, maintenance of NaCl and Ca2+ gradients; (3) it does not require Na,K-ATPase activity or cytoskeletal integrity for its expression; and (4) extracellular PLA(2), via arachidonate release, may cause feedback inhibition of intracellular PLA(2), thereby protecting critical intracellular targets from attack.
Self-assembly nanovaccine containing TLR7/8 agonist and STAT3 inhibitor enhances tumor immunotherapy by augmenting tumor-specific immune response; Background Cancer vaccines are a promising strategy for cancer immunotherapy. Cancer vaccines elicits a specific cytotoxic immune response to tumor antigens. However, the efficacy of traditional peptide-based cancer vaccines is limited due to the inefficient delivery of antigens and adjuvants to dendritic cells (DCs). Therefore, it is necessary to develop a novel rationally designed cancer vaccine to maximize its desired effects. Methods A Self-assembling Vehicle-free Multi-component Antitumor nanoVaccine (SVMAV) was constructed by using an unsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-conjugated antigen and R848 (a Toll-like receptor 7/8 agonist) to encapsulate stattic (a signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 inhibitor). The characteristics of SVMAV were investigated. The ability of SVMAV to promote DC functions was examined by in vitro analysis. The antitumor effects of SVMAV and its combination with antiprogrammed cell death protein 1 antibody (aPD-1) were also investigated in vivo. The potential application of SVMAV for neoantigen-targeted, personalized cancer vaccines was examined in an orthotopic hepatocellular carcinoma model. Results The obtained SVMAV efficiently migrated into lymph nodes and primed CD8(+) T cells for exert neoantigen-specific killing by promoting the antigen uptake by DCs, stimulating DC maturation, and enhancing antigen cross-presentation, due to the simultaneous delivery of the antigen, R848 and stattic. SVMAV could not only yield a robust antitumor effect for primary melanoma allografts, but also exert a protective effect for lung metastases. Moreover, combination treatment of SVMAV and aPD-1 exerted synergistic antitumor activity and extended the survival duration of melanoma-bearing mice. Notably, a cell line-specific neoantigen-based SVMAV was designed according to predicted neoantigens for Hepa1-6 cells to examine the potential application of SVMAV for personalized cancer vaccine. Encouragingly, neoantigen-specific SVMAV achieved stronger antitumor activity than aPD-1 in an orthotopic hepatocellular cancer model established with Hepa1-6 cells. Conclusions In summary, this study offers an efficient codelivery platform for neoantigens and immunoregulatory compounds to enhance immune responses during cancer immune therapy.
<i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> GG protects against atherosclerosis by improving ketone body synthesis; Atherosclerosis (AS) is a major cause of death and morbidity worldwide. There is an increasing amount of evidence that the gut microbiota plays an important role in disorders associated with lipid metabolism, such as AS, and alterations in the composition of the gut microbiota and its metabolic potential have been identified as contributing factors in the development of AS. Recently, probiotics have attracted great interest for their excellent cholesterol-lowering ability, their capacity to improve vascular endothelial function, and their participation in the remodeling of the intestinal flora to prevent AS. The incidental findings of our other study suggest that probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG may be associated with slowing the progression of AS. Thus, we delivered strain GG into mice by oral feeding and found that strain GG could effectively inhibit AS plaque generation. We analyzed the differences in gut microbiota composition and the peripheral blood metabolome in mice after oral feeding of strain GG by 16S DNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics, respectively. The results showed that strain GG changed the composition of the gut microbiota in mice fed a high-fat diet; elevated the abundance of beneficial bacteria, such as Bilophila and Alistipes, and decreased the abundance of harmful bacteria, such as Deltaproteobacteria. The results of enrichment analysis of the gut microbiota and the peripheral blood metabolome both indicated that the antiatherosclerotic effect of strain GG might be associated with the biosynthesis pathway of ketone bodies. In addition, strain GG attenuated endothelial injury and elevated peripheral blood ketone body content in mice but did not significantly affect low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and total cholesterol (TC) content. In conclusion, our study provides new evidence that strain GG slows the progression of AS, which may be associated with its improvement of the gut microbiome and peripheral blood metabolome, its ability to increase the abundance of beneficial bacteria, and its participation in unsaturated fatty acid and ketone body synthesis and degradation.
Current biomarkers and treatment strategies in Alzheimer disease: An overview and future perspectives; Alzheimer's disease (AD), a progressive degenerative disorder first identified by Alois Alzheimer in 1907, poses a significant public health challenge. Despite its prevalence and impact, there is currently no definitive ante mortem diagnosis for AD pathogenesis. By 2050, the United States may face a staggering 13.8 million AD patients. This review provides a concise summary of current AD biomarkers, available treatments, and potential future therapeutic approaches. The review begins by outlining existing drug targets and mechanisms in AD, along with a discussion of current treatment options. We explore various approaches targeting Amyloid beta (A beta), Tau Protein aggregation, Tau Kinases, Glycogen Synthase kinase-3 beta, CDK-5 inhibitors, Heat Shock Proteins (HSP), oxidative stress, inflammation, metals, Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) modulators, and Notch signaling. Additionally, we examine the historical use of Estradiol (E2) as an AD therapy, as well as the outcomes of Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) that evaluated antioxidants (e.g., vitamin E) and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as alternative treatment options. Notably, positive effects of docosahexaenoic acid nutriment in older adults with cognitive impairment or AD are highlighted. Furthermore, this review offers insights into ongoing clinical trials and potential therapies, shedding light on the dynamic research landscape in AD treatment.
Impairment of membrane lipids by hypochlorite; The strong oxidant hypochlorite which is formed in vivo by activated phagocytes in a reaction catalysed by the enzyme myeloperoxidase is able to react with a variety biologically active substances. The review summarises the reaction mechanisms of exogenous hypochlorite as well as hypochlorite produced by the myeloperoxidase-hydrogen peroxide-chloride system with membrane lipids. A special focus is directed on reactions with participation of free radicals. It is shown, that hypochlorite induces lipid peroxidation in liposomes composed of phospholipids as well as in blood lipoproteins. This process is accompanied by accumulation of primary (diene conjugates and lipid hydroperoxides), secondary (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances), and final (fluorescent) products of lipid peroxidation. It is blocked by the scavengers of free radicals, butylated hydroxytoluene and alpha-tocopherol. Lipid peroxidation induced by hypochlorite is initiated by a reaction of hypochlorite with hydroperoxides that are always present as minor component in unsaturated lipid samples in vivo. A chemiluminescence that is not caused by singlet oxygen is observed. A further accumulation of lipid peroxidation products results from this reaction that is prevented by myeloperoxidase inhibitors as well as scavengers of hypochlorite and radicals. It has been shown by indirect (H-1-NMR, chemiluminescence, UV-VIS spectrometry) and direct (using ESR spin traps) methods that peroxyl radicals are formed as the result of reaction between hypochlorite and hydroperoxides that can initiate the chain process in lipid peroxidation. Hypochlorite reacts with lipid bilayer also without the participation of free radicals. Main reactions are the formation of chlorohydrins in its reaction with aliphatic double bonds of unsaturated fatty acid residues, the formation of mono- and dichloramines with primary amino groups of phospholipids, and the formation of chlorohydrins followed by transformation into epoxides and other oxysterols in its reaction with the double bond of cholesterol. The appearance of more polar groups in the lipid bilayer upon the action of hypochlorite disturbs considerably its stability and barrier function as well as modifies the protein-lipid interaction that can cause cell death.
Improvement of vascular dysfunction and blood lipids of insulin-resistant rats by a marine oil-based phytosterol compound; The syndrome that is characterized by obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia is increasingly prevalent in all prosperous societies. It is now recognized as a major contributor to cardiovascular disease. Vascular dysfunction in the form of hypercontractility and impaired nitric oxide-mediated relaxation is a significant component of cardiovascular disease, predisposing to ischemic events. The JCR:LA-cp strain of rats exhibits all major aspects of the obesity/insulin resistance syndrome, including vascular dysfunction and ischemic lesions of the heart. Dietary lipid intake may have a marked effect on plasma lipid levels and, potentially, on vascular disease. We have investigated the effects of a novel preparation, ONC101 (a phytosterol esterified with fish oil), on plasma lipids and vascular function in the insulin-resistant JCR:LA-cp rat. Treatment of obese male rats with ONC101 from 8 to 12 wk of age resulted in no change in plasma lipid concentrations at 0.5 g/kg body weight. At the higher dose of 2.6 g/kg, plasma TG fell 50% (1.26 vs. 2.59 mmol/L, P< 0.002) and cholesterol esters were significantly reduced (1.34 vs. 1.61 mmol/L P < 0.002). Food intake and body weights were unaffected by ONC101 treatment. At the low dose of 86 mg/kg, the hypercontractility of aortic rings in response to phenylephrine was normalized and the relaxant response to acetylcholine was significantly improved. The results indicate that ONC101 at high doses has significant hypolipidemic effects and, at very low doses, has beneficial effects on endothelial and vascular smooth muscle cell function.
Mercury Exposure and Risk of Hypertension in US Men and Women in 2 Prospective Cohorts; Cross-sectional studies and animal experiments suggest that methylmercury exposure could increase the risk of hypertension. This relationship has not been evaluated in large prospective studies. Using data from previous nested case-control studies in 2 separate prospective cohorts, we measured toenail mercury, a valid biomarker of long-term methylmercury exposure, among 6045 US men and women free of hypertension at baseline. Geometric mean toenail mercury concentrations were 0.08 mu g/g in the lowest quintile and 0.74 mu g/g in the highest quintile, the latter corresponding with exposures approximate to 2.0-fold higher than the US Environmental Protection Agency reference dose. Participants were followed prospectively (mean +/- SD follow-up, 14.9 +/- 7.9 years) for a new self-report of physician-diagnosed hypertension (3540 cases), shown to be >95% sensitive and specific for diagnosing hypertension in these cohorts as compared with review of medical charts and direct blood pressure measurement, respectively. After adjustment for demographic, clinical, and lifestyle risk factors, the hazard ratio (95% CI) for incident hypertension in the highest versus lowest quintile of mercury exposure was 0.96 (0.84-1.09) in women, 0.82 (0.62-1.08) in men, and 0.94 (0.84-1.06) in both cohorts combined. Findings were similar when more extreme categories of mercury were compared (across deciles, with geometric mean levels in highest decile approximate to 2.9-fold higher than the reference dose) and in analyses stratified by fish or omega-3 consumption, selenium levels, body mass index, and age. These findings from 2 separate large prospective cohort studies do not support any clinically apparent adverse effects of methylmercury exposure on the risk of hypertension in men or women, including at levels <= 2.5-fold higher than the reference dose. (Hypertension. 2012; 60: 645-652.) . Online Data Supplement
Adipose tissue fatty acids in men from two populations with different cardiovascular risk:: the LiVicordia study; The LiVicordia study was set up to investigate possible causes for coronary heart disease mortality in middle-aged Lithuanian men being four times higher than in Swedish men. In a previous part of this study we found lower total and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the Lithuanian men in spite of them having a higher fat intake than in the Swedish men. Their LDL was also more susceptible to oxidation in vitro than was that of the Swedish men. Fat quality can influence LDL oxidation. In order to obtain data on long-term fat quality intake we measured the fatty acid composition of abdominal wall adipose tissue by gas chromatography in men aged 50 years from Vilnius, Lithuania (n=50) and Linkoping, Sweden (n=50). Men from Vilnius had a significantly higher percentage of adipose tissue long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (20:4n6, 20:5n3, 22:5n5, 22:6n3) and lower percentage of saturated fatty acids, especially myristic acid (14:0), 3.4+/-0.7 versus 4.6+/-0.8, p<0.0001. The percentage content of adipose tissue linoleic acid (18:2n6) was 11.5+/-2.1 versus 11.0+/-1.4 (n.s.) and of linolenic acid (18:3n3) 0.7+/-0.3 versus 0.6+/-0.2 (n.s.) in men from Vilnius and Linkoping, respectively. It is concluded that the adipose tissue content of essential fatty acids is similar in men from Vilnius and men from Linkoping and therefore the intake is also likely to be similar. The higher contents of long chain highly unsaturated fatty acids in men from Vilnius may be of importance in the oxidation process of LDL.
Effects of 3-thia fatty acids on feed intake, growth, tissue fatty acid composition, β-oxidation and Na<SUP>+</SUP>,K<SUP>+</SUP>-ATPase activity in Atlantic salmon; Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) with an initial mass of 86 g were reared in 12degreesC seawater for 8 weeks to a final average mass of 250 g. The fish were fed fish meal and fish oil-based diet supplemented with either 0%, 0.3% or 0.6% of tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA), a 3-thia fatty acid. The specific growth rate (SGR) decreased with increasing dietary dose of TTA. The SGR of the group fed 0% of TTA (Control) was 1.8; that of the group fed 0.3% of TTA (TTA-L) was 1.7, and that of the group fed 0.6% of TTA (TTA-H) was 1.5. The mortality increased with increased dietary dose of TTA. The mitochondrial beta-oxidation capacity in the liver of fish fed the TTA diets was 1.5 to 2 times higher than that of the Control fish. TTA supplementation caused substantial changes in the fatty acid compositions of the phospholipids (PL), triacylglycerols (TAG) and free fatty acids (FFA) of gills, heart and liver. The percentages of n-3 fatty acids, particularly 22:6 n-3, increased in fish fed diets containing TTA, while the percentage of the saturated FAs 14:0 and 16:0 in the PL fractions of the gills and heart decreased. The sum of monounsaturated FAs in the PL and TAG fractions from liver was significantly higher in fish fed diets containing TTA. TTA itself was primarily incorporated into PL. Two catabolic products of TTA (sulphoxides of TTA) were identified, and these products were particularly abundant in the kidney. TTA supplementation had no significant effect on the activity of the membrane-bound enzyme Na+,K+-ATPase. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based guideline update: NSAIDs and other complementary treatments for episodic migraine prevention in adults Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the American Headache Society; Objective: To provide updated evidence-based recommendations for the preventive treatment of migraine headache. The clinical question addressed was: Are nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or other complementary treatments effective for migraine prevention?
Mediterranean diet as tool to manage obesity in menopause: A narrative review; Menopause is a physiological event in a woman's life characterized by the cessation of spontaneous menstrual cycles caused by a reduction in the sex hormones estrogen and progesterone and a consequent increase of gonadotropins, which occurs when the stocks of ovarian follicles end. Weight gain is a common phenomenon in menopause and age of onset is influenced by several factors. Among modifiable risk factors are sedentary lifestyle and unhealthy nutritional patterns, which often result in obesity that in turn contributes to an increase in cardiovascular risk in menopause, mostly through low-grade inflammation. The Mediterranean diet (MedD) is a healthy dietary pattern characterized by an adequate consumption of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and legumes with a reduction of saturated animal fats in favor of unsaturated vegetable fats and a high intake of bioactive compounds including polyphenols and omega-3 fatty acids with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant potency. Because of its palatability and long-term sustainability, the MedD, especially if hypocaloric, combined with physical activity, has shown promising results in terms of weight loss in individuals with obesity, as well as similar beneficial effects in menopause-related obesity. It has been observed that greater adherence to the MedD in menopause is associated with reduced risk for becoming overweight/obese, better cardiometabolic profile, and an improvement in menopausal symptoms. Although it is necessary to confirm these data with future large intervention trials, the MedD can be considered a safe and healthy approach in the management of menopause-related obesity and its cardiometabolic complications. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Walnuts Preserve Aspects of Health Span and Alter the Hippocampal Lipidome in Aged High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice; Evidence continues to accrue that aging and its diseases can be delayed by pharmacologic and dietary strategies that target the underlying hallmarks of the aging process. However, identifying simple, safe, and effective dietary strategies involving the incorporation of whole foods that may confer some protection against the aging process is also needed. Recent observational studies have suggested that nut consumption can reduce mortality risk in humans. Among these, walnuts are particularly intriguing, given their high content of n-3 fatty acids, fiber, and antioxidant and anti-inflammatory compounds. To this end, 12-month-old male CB6F1 mice were provided either a defined control low-fat diet (LFD), a control high-fat diet (HFD), or an isocaloric HFD containing 7.67% walnuts by weight (HFD + W), and measures of healthspan and related biochemical markers (n = 10-19 per group) as well as survival (n = 20 per group) were monitored. Mice provided the HFD or HFD + W demonstrated marked weight gain, but walnuts lowered baseline glucose (p < 0.05) and tended to temper the effects of HFD on liver weight gain (p < 0.05) and insulin tolerance (p = 0.1). Additional assays suggested a beneficial effect on some indicators of health with walnut supplementation, including preservation of exercise capacity and improved short-term working memory, as determined by Y maze (p = 0.02). However, no effect was observed via any diet on inflammatory markers, antioxidant capacity, or survival (p = 0.2). Ingenuity Pathway Analysis of the hippocampal transcriptome identified two processes predicted to be affected by walnuts and potentially linked to cognitive function, including estrogen signaling and lipid metabolism, with changes in the latter confirmed by lipidomic analysis. In summary, while walnuts did not significantly improve survival on a HFD, they tended to preserve features of healthspan in the context of a metabolic stressor with aging.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Rosiglitazone Increase Adiponectin in an Additive and PPARγ-Dependent Manner in Human Adipocytes; Adiponectin, an anti-inflammatory and insulin-sensitizing protein secreted from adipose tissue, may be modulated by dietary fatty acids, although the mechanism is not fully known. Our objective was to investigate the effect of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on adiponectin in cultured human adipocytes, and to elucidate the role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma(PPAR gamma) in this regulation. Isolated human adipocytes were cultured for 48 h with 100 mu mol/l eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3, EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3, DHA), palmitic acid (C16:0), 100 mu mol/l EPA plus 100 mu mol/l DHA, or bovine serum albumin (control). Additionally, adipocytes were treated for 48 h with a PPAR gamma antagonist (BADGE) or agonist (rosiglitazone) in isolation or in conjunction with either EPA or DHA. At 48 h, EPA and DHA increased (P < 0.05) adiponectin secretion by 88 and 47%, respectively, while EPA, but not DHA, also increased (136%, P < 0.001) cellular adiponectin protein. Interestingly, PPAR gamma antagonism completely abolished the DHA-mediated increase in secreted adiponectin, but only partially attenuated the EPA-mediated response. Thus, EPA's effects on adiponectin do not appear to be entirely PPAR gamma mediated. Rosiglitazone increased (P < 0.001) the secreted and cellular adiponectin protein (90 and 582%, respectively). Finally, the effects of EPA and rosiglitazone on adiponectin secretion were additive (+230% at 48 h combined, compared to 121 and 124% by EPA or rosiglitazone alone, respectively). Overall, our findings emphasize the therapeutic importance of long-chain n-3 PUFA alone, or in combination with a PPAR gamma agonist, as a stimulator of adiponectin, a key adipokine involved in obesity and related diseases.
Flaxseed improves lipid profile without altering biomarkers of bone metabolism in postmenopausal women; The risk of cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis drastically increases at the onset of menopause. Phytoestrogens have been suggested to inhibit bone loss and protect the cardiovascular system, in part by improving lipid profiles. The purpose of the present study was to examine the effects of flaxseed, a rich source of the phytoestrogens called lignans, on lipid metabolism and biomarkers of bone turnover in postmenopausal women. Postmenopausal women who were not on hormone replacement therapy were assigned to one of two treatment groups in a double-blind randomized study. Women were asked to consume 40 g of either ground flaxseed or wheat-based comparative control regimen daily for 3 months. In addition, all subjects received 1,000 mg calcium and 400 IU vitamin D daily. Flaxseed supplementation lowered (P < 0.05) both serum total cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 6%, whereas the comparative control regimen had no such effect. Flaxseed regimen reduced serum levels of both low-density- and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol by 4.7% and triglyceride by 12.8%, albeit not statistically significant. Serum apolipoprotein A-1 and apolipoprotein B concentrations were significantly (P < 0.005) reduced by 6 and 7.5%, respectively, by the flaxseed regimen. Markers of bone formation and resorption were not affected by either of the treatments. The findings of this study indicate that flaxseed supplementation improves lipid profiles but has no effect on biomarkers of bone metabolism in postmenopausal women.
Free Fatty Acids and Delayed Cerebral Ischemia After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage; Background and Purpose-The purpose of this study was to understand factors related to increases in serum free fatty acid (FFA) levels and association with delayed cerebral ischemia (DCI) after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
THE INFLUENCE OF SUPPLEMENTAL CORN-OIL AND FREE FATTY-ACIDS ON THE REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE OF JAPANESE-QUAIL (COTURNIX-COTURNIX-JAPONICA); An experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary corn oil (CO) and commercial free fatty acids on the fatty acid composition of blood plasma and egg yolk lipids and on the reproductive performance of Japanese quail. When quail were fed a semi-purified low-fat basal mix, the substitution of 3% of CO for corn starch (CS) improved egg weight (11.2 versus 10.8 g), reduced late embryonic mortality (16.7 versus 28.4%), and improved hatchability (75.7 versus 64.1%). Diets in which  palmitic acid or oleic acid were substituted on a weight basis for 3% of CS performed as well as those in which CO was used. When linoleic acid replaced 3% of CS, late embryonic mortality was reduced (13.7 versus 28.4%) and hatchability was improved (80.1 versus 64.1%), but fertility was depressed (85.8 versus 93.6%). The substitution of linolenic acid for 3% of CS depressed feed consumption, body weight, and egg weight relative to the low-fat CS diet and did not improve the low 18-day  embryonic livability and low hatchability. The fatty acid compositions of plasma and yolk were influenced by the lipid composition of the diets. Quail fed 3% of CO deposited more linoleic acid in the egg than those fed 3% of linoleic acid (15.2 versus 11.7%). Thus, quail fed a simplified basal breeder diet containing .6% of linoleic acid showed decreased embryonic livability and hatchability and these parameters achieved normal levels in response to the substitution of 3% of either CO, palmitic  acid, oleic acid, or linoleic acid for CS.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial to evaluate the efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on hepatic fat and associated cardiovascular risk factors in overweight children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background and Aims: Very little information is available on whether docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation has a beneficial effect on liver fat and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In a double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial we investigated whether 6-month treatment with DHA improves hepatic fat and other fat depots, and their associated CVD risk factors in children with biopsyproven NAFLD.
A topographical map of the causal network of mechanisms underlying the relationship between major depressive disorder and coronary heart disease; Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) and coronary heart disease (CHD) are both clinically important public health problems. Depression is linked with a higher incidence of ischaemic cardiac events and MDD is more prevalent in patients with CHD. No single comprehensive model has yet described the causal mechanisms linking MDD to CHD. Several key mechanisms have been put forward, comprising behavioural mechanisms, genetic mechanisms, dysregulation of immune mechanisms, coagulation abnormalities and vascular endothelial dysfunction, polyunsaturated omega-3 free fatty acid deficiency, and autonomic mechanisms. It has been suggested that these mechanisms form a network, which links MDD and CHD. The aim of this review is to examine the causal mechanisms underlying the relationship between MDD and CHD, with the aim of constructing a topological map of the causal network which describes the relationship between MDD and CHD.
Free fatty acid metabolic profile and biomarkers of isolated post-challenge diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus based on GC-MS and multivariate statistical analysis; Isolated post-challenge diabetes (IPD, 2h-PG >= 11.1 mmol/L and FPG < 7.0 mmol/L) is often ignored in screening for diabetes by fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels. The aim of this study was to investigate the metabolic profiles of serum free fatty acids (FFAs) and to identify biomarkers that can be used to distinguish patients with IPD from those with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) or healthy control individuals. FFA profiles of the subjects were investigated using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Principal component analysis (PCA) and partial least squares-discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) were used for classification and prediction among the three groups. The predictive correct rates were 92.86% for IPD and healthy control individuals and 90.70% for T2DM and healthy control individuals, indicating that PLS-DA could satisfactorily distinguish IPD individuals from healthy controls and those with T2DM. Finally, palmitic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid and a-linolenic acid were identified as potential biomarkers for distinguishing IPD from healthy control and T2DM individuals. These potential biomarkers might be helpful for diagnosis and characterization of diabetes. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Changes of hepatic lipid mediators associated with intake of high-fat diet for 12 weeks in endotoxemic rats using LC-ESI-MS/MS; Background & aims: It has recently been reported that anti-inflammatory lipid mediators are increased in the late phase of acute inflammation, whereas proinflammatory lipid mediators are regulated at the initiation of inflammation. The purpose of this study was to evaluate changes of hepatic lipid mediators due to high-fat diet (HFD) feeding in endotoxemic rats.
Fenretinide Promotes Functional Recovery and Tissue Protection after Spinal Cord Contusion Injury in Mice; The inflammatory response is thought to contribute to secondary damage after spinal cord injury (SCI). Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in the onset and resolution of inflammation. Arachidonic acid (AA), an omega-6 PUFA, contributes to the initiation of inflammatory responses, whereas docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 PUFA, has antiinflammatory effects. Therefore, decreasing AA and increasing DHA levels after SCI might be expected to attenuate inflammation after SCI and promote tissue protection and functional recovery. We show here that daily oral administration of fenretinide after spinal cord contusion injury led to a significant decrease in AA and an increase in DHA levels in plasma and injured spinal cord tissue. This was accompanied by a significant reduction in tissue damage and improvement in locomotor recovery. Fenretinide also reduced the expression of proinflammatory genes and the levels of oxidative stress markers after SCI. In addition, in vitro studies demonstrated that fenretinide reduced TNF-alpha (tumor necrosis factor-alpha) expression by reactive microglia. These results demonstrate that fenretinide treatment after SCI can reduce inflammation and tissue damage in the spinal cord and improve locomotor recovery. These beneficial effects may be mediated via the ability of fenretinide to modulate PUFA homeostasis. Since fenretinide is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of cancers, this drug might be a good candidate for the treatment of acute SCI in humans.
Safety assessment of DHA-rich microalgae from <i>Schizochytrium</i> sp -: Part V:: target animal safety/toxicity study in growing swine; The purpose of this study was to determine the potential toxicity of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-rich microalgae (DRM) from Schizochytrium sp., administered in the diet of growing swine. DRM was administered in the diet to groups of castrated male growing pigs (mixed commercial breeds, Landrace & Large White) reared from early weaned (weighing approximately 20 lbs) to approximately 250-270 lbs. Over the course of the 120 day study, animals were fed ad libitum four DRM treatment diets, each designed to optimize weight gain over the growing cycle, and a control diet. DRM was incorporated into the diet of the first treatment group at a level delivering 2.680 kg DRM per pig over the course of 120 days (a constant, whole-life exposure) equating to 598 g DHA per pig. DRM was incorporated into finisher diets only (administered over the last 42 days of the growing cycle) to treatment groups 2, 3, and 4 delivering 1.169, 3.391, and 5.746 kg DRM per pig (261, 756, and 1281 g DHA per pig). These levels represent approximately 1, 3, and 5 times the anticipated commercial dose and were delivered in a feeding strategy designed to mimic commercial use. Vitamin E was added to all diet groups to provide supplementary dietary antioxidant given the high content of polyunsaturated fat in DRM. There were no statistically significant treatment-related effects in clinical observations, body weights, food consumption, mortality, hematologic values, gross necropsy findings, organ weights or histopathology. The only DRM treatment-related changes were higher weight gain and feed conversion efficiency, anticipated results based on the increased fat content in the experimental DRM treatments. This study demonstrates that administration of DRM (at up to five times the anticipated commercial dose) did not produce any treatment-related adverse effects in commercial strains of swine. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Associations between diet, lifestyle factors, and telomere length in women; Background: Leukocyte telomere length is associated with diseases of aging, but there is limited knowledge of diet and lifestyle determinants.
NMR and cDNA array analysis prior to heart failure reveals an increase of unsaturated lipids, a glutamine/glutamate ratio decrease and a specific transcriptome adaptation in obese rat heart; Obesity is a risk factor for heart failure through a set of hemodynamic and hormonal adaptations, but its contribution at the molecular level is not clearly known. Therefore, we investigated the kinetic cardiac transcriptome and metabolome in the Spontaneous Hypertensive Heart Failure (SHHF) rat. The SHHF rat is devoid of leptin signaling when homozygous for a mutation of the leptin receptor (ObR) gene. The ObR-/- SHHF rat is obese at 4 months of age and prone to heart failure after 14 months whereas its lean counterpart ObR-/+ is prone to heart failure after 16 months. We used a set of rat pangenomic high-density macroarrays to monitor left ventricle cardiac transcriptome regulation in 4- and 10-month-old, lean and obese animals. Comparative analysis of left ventricle of 4- and 10-month-old lean rat revealed 222 differentially expressed genes while 4- and 10-month-old obese rats showed 293 differentially expressed genes. H-1 NMR analysis of the metabolome of left ventricular extracts displayed a global decrease of metabolites, except for taurine, and lipid concentration. This may be attributed to gene expression regulation and likely increased extracellular mass. The glutamine to glutamate ratio was significantly lower in the obese group. The relative unsaturation of lipids increased in the obese heart; in particular, omega-3 lipid concentration was higher in the 10-month-old obese heart. Overall, several specific kinetic molecular patterns act as a prelude to heart failure in the leptin signaling deficient SHHF obese rat. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Whole flaxseed diet alters estrogen metabolism to promote 2-methoxtestradiol-induced apoptosis in hen ovarian cancer; The study reported here demonstrates that a flaxseed-supplemented diet causes ovarian tumors in the laying hen to undergo apoptosis, resulting in a reduction of tumor burden, reducing the frequency and severity of ovarian cancer. We have previously shown in normal ovaries that flaxseed and its components down-regulate ERalpha and alter the expression of enzymes that metabolize estrogen. In this study, we analyzed the effects of the two main components of whole flaxseed, ligan and omega 3 fatty acids on estrogen metabolism and the estrogen receptor in ovarian tumors. ER alpha expression was up-regulated in the ovarian tumors and was not affected by diet. Liver CYP1A1 expression was significantly increased by the whole flaxseed diet with a corresponding increase in 2-methoxyestradiol plasma levels. We also observed increased p38 and ERK 1/2 MAPK activation in the ovary as well as an increase in apoptosis in the tumor epithelium. SMAD 7, a factor involved in the 2-methoxyestradiol-mediated apoptosis pathway was also up-regulated in tumors from the whole flaxseed diet group. 2-methoxyestradiol-induced antitumor effects were further validated by in human ovarian cancer cells. This study details the effect of flaxseed diet on estrogen metabolism and demonstrates the antiovarian cancer effects of 2-methoxyestradiol. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Human Breast Cancer Tissues Contain Abundant Phosphatidylcholine(36:1) with High Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase-1 Expression; Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer and mortality in women worldwide. Recent studies have argued that there is a close relationship between lipid synthesis and cancer progression because some enzymes related to lipid synthesis are overexpressed in breast cancer tissues. However, lipid distribution in breast cancer tissues has not been investigated. We aimed to visualize phosphatidylcholines (PCs) and lysoPCs (LPCs) in human breast cancer tissues by performing matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization-imaging mass spectrometry (MALDI-IMS), which is a novel technique that enables the visualization of molecules comprehensively. Twenty-nine breast tissue samples were obtained during surgery and subjected to MALDI-IMS analysis. We evaluated the heterogeneity of the distribution of PCs and LPCs on the tissues. Three species [PC(32:1), PC(34:1), and PC(36:1)] of PCs with 1 mono-unsaturated fatty acid chain and 1 saturated fatty acid chain (MUFA-PCs) and one [PC(34:0)] of PCs with 2 saturated fatty acid chains (SFA-PC) were relatively localized in cancerous areas rather than the rest of the sections (named reference area). In addition, the LPCs did not show any biased distribution. The relative amounts of PC(36:1) compared to PC(36:0) and that of PC(36:1) to LPC(18:0) were significantly higher in the cancerous areas. The protein expression of stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1), which is a synthetic enzyme of MUFA, showed accumulation in the cancerous areas as observed by the results of immunohistochemical staining. The ratios were further analyzed considering the differences in expressions of the estrogen receptor (ER), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and Ki67. The ratios of the signal intensity of PC(36:1) to that of PC(36:0) was higher in the lesions with positive ER expression. The contribution of SCD1 and other enzymes to the formation of the observed phospholipid composition is discussed.
Diet and incident venous thromboembolism: The Iowa Women's Health Study; Background Little is known about the role of diet in the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). We explored the prospective relation of dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients to incident WE in older women.
A randomized, crossover, head-to-head comparison of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation to reduce inflammation markers in men and women: the Comparing EPA to DHA (ComparED) Study; Background: To date, most studies on the anti-inflammatory effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in humans have used a mixture of the 2 fatty acids in various forms and proportions.
Lipid peroxidation of isolated chylomicrons and oxidative status in plasma after intake of highly purified eicosapentaenoic or docosahexaenoic acids; Fourteen healthy male volunteers were given two separate high-saturated-fat meals with and without the addition of 4 g highly purified ethyl esters of either eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (95% pure, n = 7) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (90% pure, n = 7) supplied as I-g capsules each containing 3.4 mg vitamin E. The chylomicrons were isolated 6 h after the meals, at peak concentrations of n-3 fatty acids (FA). Addition of n-3 FA with the meal caused a 10.4-fold increase in the concentration of n-3 FA in chylomicrons compared to the saturated fat meal without addition of n-3 FA. After the saturated-fat meal, the concentration of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) was 327.6 +/- 34.6 nmol/mmol triacylglycerol (TAC), which increased to 1015.8 +/- 212.0 nmol/mmol TAG (P < 0.0001, n = 14) after EPA and DHA were added to the meal. There was no significant correlation between the concentrations of TEARS and vitamin E in the chylomicrons collected 6 h after the test meal. The present findings demonstrate an immediate increase in chylomicron peroxidation ex vivo provided by intake of highly purified n-3 FA. The capsular content of vitamin E was absorbed into chylomicrons, but the amount of vitamin E was apparently not sufficient to protect chylomicrons against lipid peroxidation ex vivo. Daily intake of 4 g n-3 FA either as EPA or DHA for 5 wk did not change the plasma concentration of TEARS. Although not significantly different between groups, DHA supplementation decreased total glutathione in plasma (P < 0.05) and EPA supplementation increased plasma concentration of vitamin E (P < 0.05). The other lipid-soluble and polar antioxidants in plasma remained un changed during 5 wk of intervention with highly purified n-3 FA.
Protective effect of menhaden oil on renal necrosis occurring in weanling rats fed a methyl-deficient diet; Weanling rats fed a lipotropic-deficient diet (LDD) may develop acute renal failure with morphological features that vary from focal tubular necrosis to widespread cortical necrosis and eventually reparative changes. The type of lipid in the diet influences the development of renal necrosis. The aim of this work was to study the effect of dietary menhaden oil on the development of acute renal failure induced in weanling rats fed a methyl-deficient diet. Experiment 1: 40 weanling Sprague-Dawley male rats were allotted to 4 different groups and fed as follows: group 1, LDD with hydrogenated vegetable oil and corn oil as lipids; group 2, LDD with menhaden oil as lipid; group 3 and 4, similar to groups 1 and 2 plus choline. Rats were fed ad libitum until they died; surviving animals were killed on day 21. Mortality in the 4 groups was 60, 0, 0, and 10% respectively. Rats from groups 2, 3 and 4 did not show renal damage. Rats from group 1 showed tubular or cortical necrosis in dead rats and reparative changes in those killed on the 21st day. Experiment II was similar to experiment I, except that 45 weanling Wistar male rats were used and they were killed on the 7th day. All rats from group 1 showed renal necrosis; no renal damage was found in rats from groups 2, 3 and 4. Urea and creatinine alterations corroborated the renal changes. We conclude that menhaden oil displays a protective effect for renal necrosis induced by methyl-deficient diets in weanling rats. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Achievement of European guideline-recommended lipid levels post-percutaneous coronary intervention: A population-level observational cohort study; Aims
Increased susceptibility of LDL to oxidation in patients with carotid atherosclerosis; Background and Aim: An increased susceptibility of LDL to oxidation has been related to the genesis of vascular disease. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether this is atherogenic in patients with carotid atherosclerosis and free from other major risk factors.
Correlation between the serum eicosapentanoic acid-to-arachidonic acid ratio and the severity of cerebral white matter hyperintensities in older adults with memory disorder; AimThe relationships of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), to stroke and cardiovascular events have been studied extensively. The present study was undertaken to analyze the relationships of the severity of cerebral white matter hyperintensities (WMH) to the blood polyunsaturated fatty acids level and the ratio of serum EPA level to the serum arachidonic acid (AA) level (EPA/AA ratio) among older adults.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia. Clinical characteristics and therapeutic management; Introduction: The therapeutic management of severe hypertriglyceridaemia represents a clinical challenge.
Investigation of the Role of PUFA Metabolism in Breast Cancer Using a Rank-Based Random Forest Algorithm; Simple Summary Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and their derivatives, oxylipins, are a constant focus of cancer research due to the relationship between cancer and processes of energy metabolism and inflammation, where a PUFA system is an active player. Only recently have methods been developed that allow for studying such complex systems. Using the Rank-based Random Forest (RF) model, we show that PUFA metabolism genes are critical for the pathogenesis of breast cancer (BC); BC subtypes differ in PUFA metabolism gene expression. The enrichment of BC subtypes with various genes associated with oxylipin signaling pathways indicates a different contribution of these compounds to the biology of subtypes. Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism is currently a focus in cancer research due to PUFAs functioning as structural components of the membrane matrix, as fuel sources for energy production, and as sources of secondary messengers, so called oxylipins, important players of inflammatory processes. Although breast cancer (BC) is the leading cause of cancer death among women worldwide, no systematic study of PUFA metabolism as a system of interrelated processes in this disease has been carried out. Here, we implemented a Boruta-based feature selection algorithm to determine the list of most important PUFA metabolism genes altered in breast cancer tissues compared with in normal tissues. A rank-based Random Forest (RF) model was built on the selected gene list (33 genes) and applied to predict the cancer phenotype to ascertain the PUFA genes involved in cancerogenesis. It showed high-performance of dichotomic classification (balanced accuracy of 0.94, ROC AUC 0.99) We also retrieved a list of the important PUFA genes (46 genes) that differed between molecular subtypes at the level of breast cancer molecular subtypes. The balanced accuracy of the classification model built on the specified genes was 0.82, while the ROC AUC for the sensitivity analysis was 0.85. Specific patterns of PUFA metabolic changes were obtained for each molecular subtype of breast cancer. These results show evidence that (1) PUFA metabolism genes are critical for the pathogenesis of breast cancer; (2) BC subtypes differ in PUFA metabolism genes expression; and (3) the lists of genes selected in the models are enriched with genes involved in the metabolism of signaling lipids.
Prevalence and characteristics of vitamin or dietary supplement users in Lausanne, Switzerland: the CoLaus study; Background and objectives: Vitamin + mineral supplement (VMS) and dietary supplement (DS) use is widespread in the general population, but the motivations for such use are poorly known. The prevalence and characteristics of VMS and DS users in Lausanne, Switzerland, were thus assessed.
Influence of <i>Myo</i>-inositol Plus Ethanolamine on Plasmalogens and Cell Viability during Oxidative Stress; Previously, we demonstrated that treatment of rats with myo-inositol plus ethanolamine (ME) elevated brain ethanol amine plasmalogens (PE-Pis) and protected against phosphine-induced oxidative stress. Here we tested the hypothesis that ME treatment elevates PE-Pls in a neuro-2A (N2A) cell culture system and protects against hydrogen peroxide (H2O2)-induced oxidative stress, and we assessed the effects of treatments using myo-inositol with or without (+/-) ethanolamine on ethanolamine phospholipids (PLs) and cell viability following H2O2 exposure. Cells were treated with equimolar amounts (500 mu M) of myo-inositol, ethanolamine (Etn), or their combination (ME) for 24 h, followed by an additional 24 h exposure to 650 mu M H2O2. NMR analyses evaluated the treatment effects on Etn PLs, while LC-MS/MS analyses assessed the molecular species of Etn PLs preferentially affected by ME and H2O2 treatments, especially PE-Pls and their degradation byproducts-lysophosphatidylethanolamine (LPE) and glycerophosphoethanolamine (GPE). Only ME influenced the cellular levels of PLs. ME yielded a 3-fold increase in PE-Pls and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) (p < 0.001) and a preferential 60% increase in PE-Pls containing saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (SFA+MUFA), while polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) species increased by only 10%. Exposing cells to 650 mu M H2O2 caused a significant cell death (56% viability), a 27% decrease in PE-Pls, a 201% increase in PUFA-rich LPE, and a ca. 3-fold increase in GPE. H2O2 had no impact on PE, suggesting that LPE and GPE were primarily the byproducts of PE-Pls (not PE) degradation. Surprisingly, ME pretreatment ameliorated H2O2 effects and significantly increased cell survival to 80% (p < 0.05). Cellular PE-Pls levels prior to H2O2 treatment were highly correlated (R-2 = 0.95) with cell survival, suggesting a relationship between PE-Pls and cell protection. Data suggest that a preferential increase in PE-Pls containing SFA+MUFA species may protect cells from oxidative stress. Such studies aid in our understanding of the neuroprotective mechanisms that may be associated with plasmalogens and the relevance of these phospholipids to neurodegenerative diseases/disorders.
Patient Reported Differences in Dry Eye Disease between Men and Women: Impact, Management, and Patient Satisfaction; Purpose: Dry eye disease affects women twice as often as men, but there is little information on whether dry eye treatments, treatment satisfaction, or the impact of dry eye disease on patients' lives and vision might differ by sex.
Comparative Analysis of Fatty Acids Concentration in Liver and Muscle Tissues of Rats and Mice; This study conducted a comparative analysis of fatty acids (FAs) concentration derived from polar (PL) and non-polar (NPL) lipids in the liver and muscle tissues of rats and mice. The objective was to elucidate species-specific differences in tissue FA distribution. Employing targeted GC/MS-based methodology, the study aimed to provide insights into conserved and species-specific aspects of lipid metabolism, thereby enhancing future experimental design, linked with comprehension of the interactions between diet, metabolism, and health. Results revealed markedly higher levels of total fatty acids (TFAs) derived from PL in mice skeletal muscle compared to rats and elevated saturated fatty acids (SFAs) levels in mice. Unsaturated fatty acid levels, mainly monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), were substantially higher in mice muscle across all lipid classes, resulting in a higher PUFA/TFA ratio in mice muscle. Detailed analysis of specific unsaturated fatty acids (C16:1, C18:1n9c, C18:2n6c, C22:6n3) indicated elevated levels in mice relative to rats. Conversely, rats exhibited higher SFA levels derived from the NPL fraction in the liver, particularly in myristic (C14:0), stearic (C18:0), and tricosanoic (C23:0) acids. Mice liver PL fractions displayed significantly elevated unsaturated FA levels, with notably higher MUFAs and lower PUFAs in NPL fractions compared to rats. Analysis of specific unsaturated FAs revealed higher levels of palmitoleic acid (C16:1) in mice, while rats exhibited increased linoleic (C18:2n6c) and linolenic (C18:3n3) acids. In conclusion, significant differences in FAs tissue distribution between rats and mice underscore the importance of considering species-specific FAs variations when utilizing these animal models and interpreting experimental results related to FA metabolism.
DIFFERENTIAL METABOLISM OF HYDROXYEICOSATETRAENOIC ACID ISOMERS BY MOUSE CEREBROMICROVASCULAR ENDOTHELIUM; Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (HETE) derivatives of arachidonic acid are produced in the brain and have been implicated as pathologic mediators in various types of brain injury. To understand better their fate in the brain, particularly in cerebral microvessels, several HETEs were incubated with cultured mouse cerebromicrovascular endothelium for 1, 2, and 4 h, followed by HPLC analysis of medium and cellular lipids. 5(S)-, 8(RS)-, and 9(RS)-HETE were not metabolized by the cells, but were extensively incorporated, unmodified, into cell lipids. On the other hand, 11(RS)-, 12(S)-, and 15(S)-HETE were extensively metabolized and only minimally incorporated into cell lipids. Previously, the major 12-HETE metabolite was identified as 8-hydroxyhexadecatrienoic acid. In the present study, we identified the major 11-HETE metabolite as 7-hydroxyhexadecatrienoic acid and the major 15-HETE metabolite as 11-hydroxyhexadecatrienoic acid. Omega-3 compounds, 15(S)- and 12(S)-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acids (HEPE), were also metabolized to more polar compounds, but to a lesser extent than their tetraenoic acid, omega-6 counterparts. Comparison of 5-, 12-, and 15-HETE enantiomers revealed no differences in metabolism or incorporation between the R and S stereoisomers. These data suggest that many isomers of HETE and HEPE can be incorporated into cell lipids or metabolized by pathways that do not distinguish between enantiomers. These pathways, however, are sensitive to the position or number of double bonds and are selective based on the position of the hydroxyl group.
Chemopreventive and renal protective effects for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA): implications of CRP and lipid peroxides; Background: The fish oil-derived omega-3 fatty acids, like docosahexanoic (DHA), claim a plethora of health benefits. We currently evaluated the antitumor effects of DHA, alone or in combination with cisplatin (CP) in the EAC solid tumor mice model, and monitored concomitant changes in serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), lipid peroxidation (measured as malondialdehyde; MDA) and leukocytic count (LC). Further, we verified the capacity of DHA to ameliorate the lethal, CP-induced nephrotoxicity in rats and the molecular mechanisms involved therein.
STING upregulation mediates ferroptosis and inflammatory response in lupus nephritis by upregulating <i>TBK1</i> and activating NF-κB signal pathway; Accumulated evidence implicates lipid peroxidation as a key mechanism contributing to the pathogenesis of lupus nephritis (LN). Ferroptosis is a specialized form of cell death induced by loss or deficient activity of the glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) and decreased clearance of polyunsaturated fatty acid hydroperoxides. STING production may lead to the occurrence of intracellular lipid peroxidation, ultimately triggering ferroptosis, but it has not been clarified whether STING can aggravate LN via ferroptosis. The adjacent normal kidney tissues from renal cell carcinoma and biopsied kidney tissue samples from LN patients were used for research, and the expression of STING protein in kidney tissue was detected by immunohistochemistry and RT-qPCR. MRL/lpr mice, a model of LN, were used to detect STING expression in kidney tissue. STING expression in the kidney tissue of MRL/lpr mice was knocked down by sh-STING-AAV, and then levels of 4-HNE, MDA, ROS, iron ion, blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine, IL-6, IL-1 beta, and TNF-alpha, and the protein expression of STING, TBK1, NF-kappa B, GPX4, ACSL4, and SLC7A11 were subsequently examined. STING was elevated in the kidney tissue of LN patients and MRL/lpr mice. Compared with the MRL/lpr group, liproxstatin-1 or ferrostatin-1 treatment alleviated ferroptosis-related indicators 4-HNE, MDA, ROS, iron ion release, and GPX4 and SLC7A1 expression, whereas the treatment enhanced ACSL4 expression. STING interference observably decreased 4-HNE, ROS, MDA, iron ion, STING, and ACSL4 levels, and increased GPX4 and SLC7A11 expression in MRL/lpr mice kidney tissues. Besides, inhibition of STING reduced kidney tissue damage and inflammatory cell infiltration in MRL/lpr mice, and levels of serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, serum anti-double-stranded DNA antibody, inflammatory factors IL-6, IL-1 beta, and TNF-alpha, as well as phosphorylation of NF-kappa B were all significantly decreased in MRL/lpr mice. TBK1 overexpression reversed the impact of STING inhibition on ferroptosis and inflammatory response. STING contributed to ferroptosis and inflammatory response by activating the TBK1/NF-kappa B pathway, suggesting that STING may be a potent therapeutic target in LN.
Dietary Supplement Use Was Very High among Older Adults in the United States in 2011-2014; Background: Dietary supplements (DSs) have the potential to be both beneficial and harmful to health, especially in adults aged >= 60 y, and therefore it is important to monitor the patterns of their use.
Tachyplesin Causes Membrane Instability That Kills Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria by Inhibiting the 3-Ketoacyl Carrier Protein Reductase FabG; Tachyplesin is a type of cationic beta-hairpin antimicrobial peptide discovered in horseshoe crab approximately 30 years ago that is well known for both its potential antimicrobial activities against multidrug-resistant bacteria and its cytotoxicity to mammalian cells. Though its physical interactions with artificial membranes have been well studied, details of its physiological mechanism of action the physiological consequences of its action remain limited. By using the DNA-binding fluorescent dye propidium iodide to monitor membrane integrity, confocal microscopy to assess the intracellular location of FITC-tagged tachyplesin, and RNA sequencing of the differentially expressed genes in four Gram-negative bacteria (Escherichia coli, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa) treated with lethal or sublethal concentrations of tachyplesin, we found that compared with levofloxacin-treated bacteria, tachyplesin-treated bacteria showed significant effects on the pathways underlying unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis. Notably, RNA levels of the conserved and essential 3-ketoacyl carrier protein reductase in this pathway (gene FabG) were elevated in all of the four bacteria after tachyplesin treatment. In vitro tests including surface plasmon resonance and enzyme activity assays showed that tachyplesin could bind and inhibit 3-ketoacyl carrier protein reductase, which was consistent with molecular docking prediction results. As unsaturated fatty acids are important for membrane fluidity, our results provided one possible mechanism to explain how tachyplesin kills bacteria and causes cytotoxicity by targeting membranes, which may be helpful for designing more specific and safer antibiotics based on the function of tachyplesin.
Practical Dietary Recommendations for the Prevention and Management of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Adults; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver diseaseworldwide. In the absence of effective pharmacotherapies, clinical guidelines focus primarily on weight loss to treat this condition. Established consensus, evidence-based, and clinical dietary recommendations for NAFLD are currently lacking. The aim of this paper is to provide evidence-based practical dietary recommendations for the prevention and management of NAFLD in adults. A literature review focusing on established principles for the development of clinical practice recommendations was employed using the following criteria: based on substantial evidence, ensures risk minimization, is flexible for an individual patient approach, and is open to further modification as evidence emerges. The Practice-based Evidence in Nutrition classification system was used to grade these principles. Five key dietary recommendations were developed: 1) follow traditional dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet; 2) limit excess fructose consumption and avoid processed foods and beverages with added fructose; 3) PUFAs, especially long-chain omega-3 rich foods and MUFAs, should replace SFAs in the diet; 4) replace processed food, fast food, commercial bakery goods, and sweets with unprocessed foods high in fiber, including whole grains, vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, and seeds; and 5) avoid excess alcohol consumption. Improving diet quality may reduce the incidence and progression of NAFLD and associated risk factors. Many of the benefits are likely to result from the collective effect of dietary patterns. High-quality research-in particular, randomized clinical trials assessing dietary interventions that focus on liver-specific endpoints-are needed as a priority.
Adult cardiorenal benefits from postnatal fish oil supplement in rat offspring of low-protein pregnancies; We investigated the effect of fish oil (FO) treatment on cardiorenal structure of adult offspring from low-protein pregnancies. Three month old offspring were assigned to eight groups (four male groups and four female groups, n=8 each) (NP=normal-protein diet, LP=low-protein diet): NP, LP, NP plus FO, and LP plus FO. Left ventricle and kidney were analyzed with light microscopy and stereology. The both sexes of LP offspring showed 30% lower birth weights than the respective NP offspring and high blood pressure (BP) levels in adulthood which was efficiently reduced by FO treatment. In the heart, FO treated the cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, the vascularization impairment, and decreased the cardiomyocyte loss usually observed in adult LP offspring. In the kidney, FO treated, in the male, the imbalance of the cortex-to-medulla ratio observed in both sexes of LP offspring, and reduced the glomeruli loss in the LP offspring. The positive correlation between the number of cardiomyocyte nuclei later in life and the body mass (BM) at birth was significant only in both sexes of LP offspring and this correlation disappeared in LP plus fish oil offspring. The positive correlation between the number of glomeruli later in life and the BM at birth was significant in NP male offspring and in both sexes of LP offspring. In conclusion, FO supplement, which is a rich source of n-3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA), has beneficial effects on BP control and cardiac and renal adverse remodeling usually seen in offspring of the LP pregnancies. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Why US Adults Use Dietary Supplements; Background: Dietary supplements are used by more than half of adults, although to our knowledge, the reasons motivating use have not been previously examined in US adults using nationally representative data. The purpose of this analysis was to examine motivations for dietary supplement use, characterize the types of products used for the most commonly reported motivations, and to examine the role of physicians and health care practitioners in guiding choices about dietary supplements.
Dietary fats and prevention of type 2 diabetes; Although type 2 diabetes is determined primarily by lifestyle and genes, dietary composition may affect both its development and complications. Dietary fat is of particular interest because fatty acids influence glucose metabolism by altering cell membrane function, enzyme activity, insulin signaling, and gene expression. This paper focuses on the prevention of type 2 diabetes and summarizes the epidemiologic literature on associations between types of dietary fat and diabetes risk. It also summarizes controlled feeding studies on the effects of dietary fats on metabolic mediators, such as insulin resistance. Taken together, the evidence suggests that replacing saturated fats and trans fatty acids with unsaturated (polyunsaturated and/or monounsaturated) fats has beneficial effects on insulin sensitivity and is likely to reduce risk of type 2 diabetes. Among polyunsaturated fats, linoleic acid from the n-6 series improves insulin sensitivity. On the other hand, long-chain n-3 fatty acids do not appear to improve insulin sensitivity or glucose metabolism. In dietary practice, foods rich in vegetable oils, including non-hydrogenated margarines, nuts, and seeds, should replace foods rich in saturated fats from meats and fat-rich dairy products. Consumption of partially hydrogenated fats should be minimized. Additional controlled, long-term studies are needed to improve our knowledge on the optimal proportion of different types of fats to prevent diabetes. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Improvements in semen quality, sperm fatty acids, and reproductive performance in aged Cobb 500 breeder roosters fed diets containing dried ginger rhizomes (<i>Zingiber officinale</i>); Exposure to high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acid predisposes spermatozoa to lipid peroxidation, resulting in their decreased fertility. Ginger powder (GP), which is high in antioxidative compounds, was fed to aged breeder roosters to improve their reproductive performance. Seventy-five 52-wk-old Cobb 500 breeder roosters randomly received either 0 (GP(0)), 15 (GP(15)), or 30 (GP(30)) g of GP/kg of diet for 14 consecutive wk, during which time their seminal characteristics were evaluated every 2 wk. At the end of the trial, semen samples were tested for determination of sperm fatty acid (FA) concentration and seminal plasma total antioxidant capacity. Furthermore, sperm penetration was assayed, and using 225 artificially inseminated hens, fertility and hatchability rates were determined. Dietary GP improved sperm forward motility, live sperm percentage, and sperm plasma membrane integrity. These were associated with a decrease in the percentage of abnormal sperm. The seminal TBA reactive species concentration was lower in birds belonging to the GP(30) treatment in comparison with those in the GP(15) and GP(0) treatments. The feeding of GP resulted in overall decreases and increases in sperm saturated and unsaturated FA, respectively. The n-6: n-3 FA ratio of sperm was decreased in the GP(30) group in comparison with controls. The highest levels of sperm C20: 4(n-6) and C22: 6(n-3) FA were recorded in the GP(15) and GP(30) treatments, respectively. A higher percentage of sperm C22: 4(n-6) FA was found in GP-fed roosters. Seminal plasma total antioxidant capacity was considerably improved by the GP(15) and GP(30) treatments. Further, a higher number of perivitelline membrane sperm penetration holes was recorded for the GP(30) treatment in comparison with the GP(15) and GP(0) treatments. Interestingly, although hatchability, chick quality, and embryonic mortality were not affected by dietary treatment, fertility rate was improved by the feeding of GP. In conclusion, dietary GP improved most of the seminal characteristics evaluated in aged roosters of this study, suggesting that it has potential for use in attenuating age-related subfertility in senescent male commercial broiler breeders.
Bioactive compounds for neuropathic pain: An update on preclinical studies and future perspectives; Among different types of chronic pain, neuropathic pain (NP), arising from damage to the nervous system, including peripheral fibers and central neurons, is notoriously difficult to treat and affects 7-10% of the general population. Currently available treatment options for NP are limited and opioid analgesics have severe side effects and can result in opioid use disorder. Recent studies have exhibited the role of dietary bioactive compounds in the mitigation of NP. Here, we assessed the effects of commonly consumed bioactive compounds (ginger, curcumin, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, epigallocatechin gallate, resveratrol, soy isoflavones, lycopene, and naringin) on NP and NP-related neuroinflammation. Cellular studies demonstrated that these bioactive compounds reduce inflammation via suppression of NF-kappa B and MAPK signaling pathways that regulate apoptosis/cell survival, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory responses. Animal studies strongly suggest that these regularly consumed bioactive compounds have a pronounced anti-NP effect as shown by decreased mechanical allodynia, mechanical hyperalgesia, thermal hyperalgesia, and cold hyperalgesia. The proposed molecular mechanisms include (1) the enhancement of neuron survival, (2) the reduction of neuronal hyperexcitability by activation of antinociceptive cannabinoid 1 receptors and opioid receptors, (3) the suppression of sodium channel current, and (4) enhancing a potassium outward current in NP-affected animals, triggering a cascade of chemical changes within, and between neurons for pain relief. Human studies administered in this area have been limited. Future randomized controlled trials are warranted to confirm the findings of preclinical efficacies using bioactive compounds in patients with NP. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1): A DHA-derived mediator that protects brain and retina against cell injury-induced oxidative stress; The biosynthesis of oxygenated arachidonic acid messengers triggered by cerebral ischemia-reperfusion is preceded by an early and rapid phospholipase A 2 activation reflected in free arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) accumulation. These fatty acids are released from membrane phospholipids. Both fatty acids are derived from dietary essential fatty acids; however, only DHA, the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acyl chain, is concentrated in phospholipids of various cells of brain and retina. Synaptic membranes and photoreceptors share the highest content of DHA of all cell membranes. DHA is involved in memory formation, excitable membrane function, photoreceptor cell biogenesis and function, and neuronal signaling, and has been implicated in neuroprotection. In addition, this fatty acid is required for retinal pigment epithelium cell (RPE) functional integrity. Here we provide an overview of the recent elucidation of a specific mediator generated from DHA that contributes at least in part to its biological significance. In oxidative stress-challenged human RPE cells and rat brain undergoing ischemia-reperfusion, 10,17S-docosatriene (neuroprotectin D1, NPD1) synthesis evolves. In addition, calcium ionophore A23187, IL-1 beta, or the supply of DHA enhances NPD1 synthesis. A time-dependent release of endogenous free DHA followed by NPD1 formation occurs, suggesting that a phospholipase A(2) releases the mediator's precursor.When NPD1 is infused during ischemia-reperfusion or added to RPE cells during oxidative stress, apoptotic DNA damage is down-regulated. NPD1 also up-regulates the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins Bcl-2 and BclxL and decreases pro-apoptotic Bax and Bad expression. Moreover, NPD1 inhibits oxidative stress-induced caspase-3 activation. NPD1 also inhibits IL-1 beta-stimulated expression of COX-2. Overall, NPD1 protects cells from oxidative stress-induced apoptosis. Because photoreceptors are progressively impaired after RPE cell damage in retinal degenerative diseases, understanding of how these signals contribute to retinal cell survival may lead to the development of new therapeutic strategies. Moreover, NPD1 bioactivity demonstrates that DHA is not only a target of lipid peroxiclation, but rather is the precursor to a neuroprotective signaling response to ischemia-reperfusion, thus opening newer avenues of therapeutic exploration in stroke, neurotraurna, spinal cord injury, and neuroclegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer disease, aiming to up-regulate this novel cell-survival signaling.
Effect of green tea and tea catechins on the lipid metabolism of caged laying hens; The present study was conducted to evaluate the effects of supplementing different levels of green tea or tea catechins on total cholesterol (TC), total triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels in the plasma of laying hens, as well as the TC, TG and total fatty acid (TFA) levels in breast and thigh meat and egg yolk. Laying hens (1620), 16-week-old, were randomly assigned to 9 dietary groups. Each treatment had 180 birds with 3 replicates. The basal diet was respectively supplemented with green tea powder (0, 2, 4, 6, 8 g/kg) and tea catechins (0.5, 1, 1.5, 2 g/kg). Hens were then reared in battery cages for 60 days. Supplementation with 6 g/kg green tea and 1 g/kg tea catechins at day 56 lowered TC, TG and LDL levels in both plasma and meat, increased plasma HDL levels and decreased yolk TG levels, where statistical significance was considered quadratically. TC levels in yolk were not affected. The addition of green tea and tea catechins had no effect on the levels of myristic acid (C14: 0), stearic acid (C18: 0), oleic acid (C18: 1), linoleic acid (C18: 2n-6), arachidonic acid (C20: 4n-6) and TFA content in yolk, but increased the unsaturated fatty acid content. Dietary green tea and tea catechins increased the excretion of TFA in faeces compared to the control. These results suggest that the addition of green tea and/or tea catechins to the diet of laying hens can improve lipid metabolism and the fatty acid composition of egg yolk.
The Wound Healing Potential of <i>Aspilia africana</i> (Pers.) C. D. Adams (Asteraceae); Wounds remain one of the major causes of death worldwide. Over the years medicinal plants and natural compounds have played an integral role in wound treatment. Aspilia africana (Pers.) C. D. Adams which is classified among substances with low toxicity has been used for generations in African traditional medicine to treat wounds, including stopping bleeding even from severed arteries. This review examined the potential of the extracts and phytochemicals from A. africana, a common herbaceous flowering plant which is native to Africa in wound healing. In vitro and in vivo studies have provided strong pharmacological evidences for wound healing effects of A. africana-derived extracts and phytochemicals. Singly or in synergy, the different bioactive phytochemicals including alkaloids, saponins, tannins, flavonoids, phenols, terpenoids, -caryophyllene, germacrene D, -pinene, carene, phytol, and linolenic acid in A. africana have been observed to exhibit a very strong anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, and antioxidant activities which are important processes in wound healing. Indeed, A. africana wound healing ability is furthermore due to the fact that it can effectively reduce wound bleeding, hasten wound contraction, increase the concentration of basic fibroblast growth factor (BFGF) and platelet derived growth factor, and stimulate the haematological parameters, including white and red blood cells, all of which are vital components for the wound healing process. Therefore, these facts may justify why A. africana is used to treat wounds in ethnomedicine.
Palmitate activation by fatty acid transport protein 4 as a model system for hepatocellular apoptosis and steatosis; Fatty acid transport protein (FATP) 4 is a minor FATP in the liver but it has some activity towards palmitate 16:0 (Pal). We here chose FATP4 as a representative model enzyme for acyl-CoA synthetases (ACSs), and FATPs to determine whether Pal activation would lead to apoptosis and alteration in lipid metabolism. By using FATP4 overexpressed (FATP4) Huh-7 cells, we showed that FATP4 was localized in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and mitochondria of FATP4 cells. FATP4 cells were more responsive to Pal than the control GFP cells in increasing palmitoyl-CoA and oleoyl-CoA activities as well as apoptosis by similar to 2-3 folds. The lipoapoptosis susceptibility by FATP4 was coupled with the increased JNK, PUMA, caspase3, PARP-1 activation as well as Rac-1-mediated cytoskeletal reorganization, and decreased insulin sensitivity. This was associated with increased contents of neutral lipids and significant alteration in composition of phospholipids and sphingolipids including increased lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC), ceramide, and hexosylceramide, as well as an increase of saturated:polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio in LPC and PC, but a decrease of this ratio in phosphatidylethanolamine pool. By use of ceramide synthase inhibitors, our results showed that FATP4-sensitized lipoapoptosis was not mediated by ceramides. Moreover, FATP4 expression was increased in fatty livers in vivo. Thus, our model system has provided a clue that Pal activation FATP4 triggers hepatocellular apoptosis via altered phospholipid composition and steatosis by acylation into complex lipids. This may be a redundant mechanism for other ER-localizing ACSs and FATPs in the liver, and hence their involvement in the development of fatty liver disease. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of fish oil-derived fatty acids on suboptimal cardiovascular health: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-ontrolled trial; Background and aims: Suboptimal health and metabolic disorders are common in the general population. Both are related to cardiovascular disease. Suboptimal cardiovascular health is defined by the presence of both suboptimal health and metabolic disorders. The aim of the study was to investigate the potential benefit of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) in participants with suboptimal cardiovascular health.
Effects dietary linoleic and linolenic fatty adds an immune response and resistance to infectious bursal disease (IBD) in broiler chickens under heat stress conditions; This experiment was conducted to study the effects of dietary flaxseed (rich in n-3 PUFA), soybean (rich in n-6 PUFA) and palm oils (neither rich in n-3 nor n-6; as control) on immune response and resistance to infectious bursal disease (IBD) in broiler chicks under heated and not heated condition. From day 21 onwards, equal number of chicks were provided different diets with 8% added palm oil (PO), soybean oil (SO), or 8% flaxseed oil (FXO). From day 36 to 50, equal numbers of the chicks from each dietary group were exposed to ambient temperatures of 38 +/- 1 degrees C and 80% relative humidity for two hours per day. Following one day of heat exposure birds were administered 10 times the normal dose of live IBD vaccine.
Impact of lipid emulsion containing fish oil on outcomes of surgical patients: Systematic review of randomized controlled trials from Europe and Asia; Objective: This study aimed to systematically review the clinical efficacy of lipid emulsion containing fish oil in surgical patients.
Novel long chain fatty acid derivatives of quercetin-3-<i>O</i>-glucoside reduce cytotoxicity induced by cigarette smoke toxicants in human fetal lung fibroblasts; Smoking has become a global health concern due to its association with many disease conditions, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and cancer. Flavonoids are plant polyphenolic compounds, studied extensively for their antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti carcinogenic properties. Quercetin-3-O-glucoside (Q3G) is a flavonoid which is widely found in plants. Six novel long chain fatty acid [stearic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, oc-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] derivatives of Q3G were evaluated for their potential in protecting human lung fibroblasts against cytotoxicity induced by selected cigarette smoke toxicants: 4-(methylnitrosoamino) 1 (3 pyridinyl)-1-butanone (NNK), benzo-alpha-pyrene (BaP), nicotine and chromium (Cr[VID. Nicotine and Cr[VI] induced toxicity in fibroblasts and reduced the percentage of viable cells, while BaP and NNK did not affect cell viability. The fatty acid derivatives of Q3G provided protection against nicotine- and Cr[VI]-induced cell death and membrane lipid peroxidation. Based on the evaluation of inflammatory markers of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), the fatty acid derivatives of Q3G were found to be effective in lowering the inflammatory response. Overall, these novel fatty acid esters of Q3G warrant further investigation as potential cytoprotective agents. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Evening primrose oil: a comprehensive review of its bioactives, extraction, analysis, oil quality, therapeutic merits, and safety; Oil crops have become increasingly farmed worldwide because of their numerous functions in foods and health. In particular, oil derived from the seeds of evening primrose (Oenothera biennis) (EPO) comprises essential fatty acids of the omega-6 (& omega;-6) series. It is well recognized to promote immune cells with a healthy balance and management of female ailments. The nutrients of interest in this oil are linoleic acid (LA, 70-74%) and & gamma;-linolenic acid (GLA, 8-10%), which are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) that account for EPO's popularity as a dietary supplement. Various other chemicals in EPO function together to supply the body with PUFA, elevate normal & omega;-6 essential fatty acid levels, and support general health and well-being. The inclusive EPO biochemical analysis further succeeded in identifying several other components, i.e., triterpenes, phenolic acids, tocopherols, and phytosterols of potential health benefits. This comprehensive review capitalizes on EPO, the superior product of O. biennis, highlighting the interrelationship between various methods of cultivation, extraction, holistic chemical composition, sensory characters, and medicinal value. Besides the literature review, this study restates the numerous health advantages of primrose oil and possible drug-EPO interactions since a wide spectrum of drugs are administered concomitantly with EPO. Modern techniques to evaluate EPO chemical composition are addressed with emphasis on the missing gaps and future perspectives to ensure best oil quality and nutraceutical benefits.
<i>Retama monosperma</i> <i>n</i>-hexane extract induces cell cycle arrest and extrinsic pathway-dependent apoptosis in Jurkat cells (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 22, 2022) (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 22, 2022); Background: Retama monosperma L. (Boiss.) or Genista monosperma L. (Lam.), locally named as "R'tam", is an annual and spontaneous plant belonging to the Fabaceae family. In Morocco, Retama genus is located in desert regions and across the Middle Atlas and it has been widely used in traditional medicine in many countries. In this study, we show that Retama monosperma hexane extract presents significant anti-leukemic effects against human Jurkat cells.
Dietary factors that affect the risk of pre-eclampsia; Pre-eclampsia affects 3%-5% of pregnant women worldwide and is associated with a range of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, including maternal and/or fetal death. It particularly affects those with chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes mellitus or a family history of pre-eclampsia. Other than early delivery of the fetus, there is no cure for pre-eclampsia. Since diet or dietary supplements may affect the risk, we have carried out an up-to-date, narrative literature review to assess the relationship between nutrition and pre-eclampsia. Several nutrients and dietary factors previously believed to be implicated in the risk of pre-eclampsia have now been shown to have no effect on risk; these include vitamins C and E, magnesium, salt, omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (fish oils) and zinc. Body mass index is proportionally correlated with pre-eclampsia risk, therefore women should aim for a healthy pre-pregnancy body weight and avoid excessive gestational and interpregnancy weight gain. The association between the risk and progression of the pathophysiology of pre-eclampsia may explain the apparent benefit of dietary modifications resulting from increased consumption of fruits and vegetables (>= 400 g/day), plant-based foods and vegetable oils and a limited intake of foods high in fat, sugar and salt. Consuming a high-fibre diet (25-30 g/day) may attenuate dyslipidaemia and reduce blood pressure and inflammation. Other key nutrients that may mitigate the risk include increased calcium intake, a daily multivitamin/mineral supplement and an adequate vitamin D status. For those with a low selenium intake (such as those living in Europe), fish/seafood intake could be increased to improve selenium intake or selenium could be supplemented in the recommended multivitamin/mineral supplement. Milk-based probiotics have also been found to be beneficial in pregnant women at risk. Our recommendations are summarised in a table of guidance for women at particular risk of developing pre-eclampsia.
Tailoring of Atlantic salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i> L.) flesh lipid composition and sensory quality by replacing fish oil with a vegetable oil blend; Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) juveniles were fed either 100% fish oil (FO), 75% vegetable oil (VO), or 100% VO throughout their life cycle to harvest weight followed by a finishing diet period when all groups were fed 100% FO. The two experimental VO diets were tested at two different locations (Scotland and Norway) against the same control diet (100% FO). The VO blend was composed of rapeseed oil, palm oil, and linseed oil using capelin oil as a control for fatty acid class compositions. Flesh fatty acid profiles were measured regularly throughout the experiment, with the times of sampling determined by changes in pellet size/lipid content and fish life stage. Growth and mortality rates were not significantly affected by dietary fatty acid compositions throughout the life cycle, except during the seawater winter period in Norway when both growth and protein utilization were increased in salmon fed 100% VO compared to 100% FO. Flesh fatty acid composition was highly influenced by that of the diet, and after the finishing diet period the weekly intake recommendations of very long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (VLCn-3 PUFA) for human health were 80 and 56% satisfied by a 200 g meal of 75% VO and 100% VO flesh, respectively. No effect on flesh astaxanthin levels was observed in relation to changing dietary oil sources. Sensory evaluation showed only minor differences between salmon flesh from the dietary groups, although prior to the finishing diet period, flesh from 100% VO had less rancid and marine characteristics and was preferred over flesh from the other dietary groups by a trained taste panel. After the finishing diet period, the levels of typical vegetable oil fatty acids in flesh were reduced, whereas those of VLCn-3 PUFA increased to levels comparable with a 100% FO fed salmon. No differences in any of the sensory characteristics were observed between dietary groups. By blending VOs to provide balanced levels of dietary fatty acids, up to 100% of the fish oil can be replaced by the VO blend without compromising growth or flesh quality. At the same time, 75% of the dietary fish oil can be replaced without compromising flesh VLCn-3 PUFA content, thereby providing a beneficial nutritional profile for human consumption.
Inflammation: Depression Fans the Flames and Feasts on the Heat; Depression and inflammation fuel one another. Inflammation plays a key role in depression's pathogenesis for a subset of depressed individuals; depression also primes larger cytokine responses to stressors and pathogens that do not appear to habituate. Accordingly, treatment decisions may be informed by attention to questions of how (pathways) and for whom (predispositions) these links exist, which are the focus of this article. When combined with predisposing factors (moderators such as childhood adversity and obesity), stressors and pathogens can lead to exaggerated or prolonged inflammatory responses. The resulting sickness behaviors (e.g., pain, disturbed sleep), depressive symptoms, and negative health behaviors (e.g., poor diet, a sedentary lifestyle) may act as mediating pathways that lead to further, unrestrained inflammation and depression. Depression, childhood adversity, stressors, and diet can all influence the gut microbiome and promote intestinal permeability, another pathway to enhanced inflammatory responses. Larger, more frequent, or more prolonged inflammatory responses could have negative mental and physical health consequences. In clinical practice, inflammation provides a guide to potential targets for symptom management by signaling responsiveness to certain therapeutic strategies. For example, a theme across research with cytokine antagonists, omega-3 fatty acids, celecoxib, and exercise is that anti-inflammatory interventions have a substantially greater impact on mood in individuals with heightened inflammation. Thus, when inflammation and depression co-occur, treating them in tandem may enhance recovery and reduce the risk of recurrence. The bidirectional links between depression, inflammation, and disease suggest that effective depression treatments could have a far-reaching impact on mood, inflammation, and health.
The true cost of in-patient obesity: impact of obesity on inflammatory stress and morbidity; The objective of the present review is to provide an overview of the metabolic effects of pro-inflammatory cytokine production during infection and injury; to highlight the disadvantages of pro-inflammatory cytokine production and inflammatory stress on morbidity and mortality of patients; to identify the influence of genetics and adiposity on inflammatory stress in patients and to indicate how nutrients may modulate the inflammatory response in patients. Recent research has shown clearly that adipose tissue actively secretes a wide range of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines. Paradoxically, although inflammation is an essential part of the response of the body to infection, surgery and trauma, it can adversely affect patient outcome. The metabolic effects of inflammation are mediated by pro- inflammatory cytokines. Metabolic effects include insulin insensitivity, hyperlipidaemia, muscle protein loss and oxidant stress. These effects, as well as being present during infective disease, are also present in diseases with a covert inflammatory basis. These latter diseases include obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Inflammatory stress also increases during aging. The level of cytokine production, within individuals, is influenced by single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in cytokine genes. The combination of SNP controls the relative level of inflammatory stress in both overt and covert inflammatory diseases. The impact of cytokine genotype on the intensity of inflammatory stress derived from an obese state is unknown. While studies remain to be done in the latter context, evidence shows that these genomic characteristics influence morbidity and mortality in infectious disease and diseases with an underlying inflammatory basis and thereby influence the cost of in-patient obesity. Antioxidants and n-3 PUFA alter the intensity of the inflammatory process. Recent studies show that genotypic factors influence the effectiveness of immuno-nutrients. A better understanding of this aspect of nutrient-gene interactions and of the genomic factors that influence the intensity of inflammation during disease will help in the more effective targeting of nutritional therapy.
Docosahexaenoic acid modulates oxidative stress-induced apoptosis via PI3K/Akt m-TOR/p70S6K pathways in human RPE cells; Oxidative stress (OS) plays a critical role in the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), especially by targeting the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE). Dietary habits with high consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been reported to prevent the development and progression of AMD. Nevertheless, it is still unclear how DHA affects AMD, although the conversion of DHA into neuroprotective metabolites has been demonstrated to participate in this effect, at least experimentally. The present study aimed to investigate the involvement of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt and mammalian target of rapamycin complex (m-TOR)/p70S6K pathways in human RPE cells in response to OS, and then to assess the effect of DHA in the signaling pathways and protection against RPE cell death. For this purpose, we used ARPE-19 cells exposed to the prooxidant agent, tert-butyl hydroperoxide (t-BHP). We found that exposing cells to t-BHP inhibited the activation of Akt and p70S6K. However, in cells enriched with DHA and then exposed to t-BHP, we demonstrated that Akt and p70S6K remained phosphorylated for a longer time after stress. In addition, DHA reduced the percentage of apoptotic cells induced by OS. This study suggests that: (i) PI3K/Akt and m-TOR/P70S6K pathways are involved in the response of RPE to OS; and that (ii) DHA protected RPE cells from apoptosis triggered by OS by enhancing the phosphorylation of Akt and P70S6K.
Dietary fat quantity and quality modifies advanced glycation end products metabolism in patients with metabolic syndrome; Scope: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) increase in dysmetabolic conditions. Lifestyle, including diet, has shown be effective in preventing the development of metabolic syndrome (MetS). We investigated whether AGE metabolism is affected by diets with different fat quantity and quality in MetS patients.
Development of New Resolvin D1 Analogues for Osteoarthritis Therapy: Acellular and Computational Approaches to Study Their Antioxidant Activities; In osteoarthritis (OA), oxidative stress plays a crucial role in maintaining and sustaining cartilage degradation. Current OA management requires a combination of pharmaceutical and non-pharmacological strategies, including intraarticular injections of hyaluronic acid (HA). However, several lines of evidence reported that HA oxidation by reactive oxygen species (ROS) is linked with HA cleavage and fragmentation, resulting in reduced HA viscosity. Resolvin D1 (RvD1) is a lipid mediator that is biosynthesized from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and is a good candidate with the potential to regulate a panoply of biological processes, including tissue repair, inflammation, oxidative stress, and cell death in OA. Herein, newly designed and synthesized imidazole-derived RvD1 analogues were introduced to compare their potential antioxidant properties with commercially available RvD1. Their antioxidant capacities were investigated by several in vitro chemical assays including oxygen radical absorbance capacity, 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging, ferric ion reducing antioxidant power, hydroxyl radical scavenging, and HA fragmentation assay. All results proved that imidazole-derived RvD1 analogues showed excellent antioxidant performance compared to RvD1 due to their structural modifications. Interestingly, they scavenged the formed reactive oxygen species (ROS) and protected HA from degradation, as verified by agarose gel electrophoresis and gel permission chromatography. A computational study using Gaussian 09 with DFT calculations and a B3LYP/6-31 G (d, p) basis set was also employed to study the relationship between the antioxidant properties and chemical structures as well as calculation of the molecular structures, frontier orbital energy, molecular electrostatic potential, and bond length. The results showed that the antioxidant activity of our analogues was higher than that of RvD1. In conclusion, the findings suggest that imidazole-derived RvD1 analogues can be good candidates as antioxidant molecules for the treatment of oxidative stress-related diseases like OA. Therefore, they can prolong the longevity of HA in the knee and thus may improve the mobility of the articulation.
Integrated transcriptomic and metabolomic analysis provides insight into the pollen development of CMS-D1 rice; Background Cytoplasmic male sterility (CMS) has greatly improved the utilization of heterosis in crops due to the absence of functional male gametophyte. The newly developed sporophytic D1 type CMS (CMS-D1) rice exhibits unique characteristics compared to the well-known sporophytic CMS-WA line, making it a valuable resource for rice breeding.Results In this research, a novel CMS-D1 line named Xingye A (XYA) was established, characterized by small, transparent, and shriveled anthers. Histological and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick-end labeling (TUNEL) assays conducted on anthers from XYA and its maintainer line XYB revealed that male sterility in XYA is a result of delayed degradation of tapetal cells and abnormal programmed cell death (PCD) of microspores. Transcriptome analysis of young panicles revealed that differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in XYA, compared to XYB, were significantly enriched in processes related to chromatin structure and nucleosomes during the microspore mother cell (MMC) stage. Conversely, processes associated with sporopollenin biosynthesis, pollen exine formation, chitinase activity, and pollen wall assembly were enriched during the meiosis stage. Metabolome analysis identified 176 specific differentially accumulated metabolites (DAMs) during the meiosis stage, enriched in pathways such as alpha-linoleic acid metabolism, flavone and flavonol biosynthesis, and linolenic acid metabolism. Integration of transcriptomic and metabolomic data underscored the jasmonic acid (JA) biosynthesis pathway was significant enriched in XYA during the meiosis stage compared to XYB. Furthermore, levels of JA, MeJA, OPC4, OPDA, and JA-Ile were all higher in XYA than in XYB at the meiosis stage.Conclusions These findings emphasize the involvement of the JA biosynthetic pathway in pollen development in the CMS-D1 line, providing a foundation for further exploration of the molecular mechanisms involved in CMS-D1 sterility.
Nutrition and inflammatory load; Chronic inflammation has been suggested to play an important role in metabolic diseases, such as atherothrombosis and type 2 diabetes. A lot of research has focused on the immunomodulatory effects of several nutrients, such as fatty acids, antioxidants, carbohydrates, specific amino acids, micronutrients, and alcohol, which play a crucial role in the maintenance of an "optimal" immune response. In addition, specific dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet, are evolving as protective against cardiovascular disease, because of their anti-inflammatory properties. In this article, the existing data concerning the nutrients' pro- and anti-inflammatory properties are presented, as well as dietary patterns that could protect from chronic inflammation and its metabolic and atherothrombotic complications.
Docosahexanoic acid and docosapentanoic acid incorporation into human platelets after 24 and 72 hours: Inhibitory effects on platelet reactivity; Short-term in vitro platelet membrane lipid enrichment studies and feeding trials of human subjects with eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) have shown a decreased reactivity in the platelet response to collagen. In this study, exogenous albumin-bound n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), namely EPA, DHA and docosapentanoic acid (DPA) were added to platelet suspensions and maintained at 22 degrees C for 24 and 72 hours. Subsequently, the aggregation response to agonist stimulation and the morphological appearance of the platelets were evaluated, A significant enrichment of platelet phospholipids (PL) in n-3 fatty acids occurred upon incubation with n-3 PUFAs in vitro, which was accompanied by a decrease in the aggregation response to collagen and preservation of platelet morphology compared with non-supplemented control platelet preparations. The inhibitory effect of the n-3 PUFAs appeared to be surface mediated in the case of DHA and DPA because the platelet response to agonist returned when the fatty acids were removed by washing. The platelet aggregation response after storage at 22 degrees C was also evaluated in platelet suspensions collected from healthy individuals before and after 42 days of dietary supplementation with seal oil, rich in DPA and DHA, Unlike the in vitro supplementation, in vivo modification and enrichment of platelet PLs by ingestion of seal oil did not appear to improve platelet function during storage relative to the placebo group.
Hormonal and inflammatory impact of different dietetic composition: emphasis on dietary patterns and specific dietary factors; Healthy dietary pattern, characterized by the consumption of fruits, vegetables, white meats, skim dairy products, nuts and moderate intake of vegetable oils and alcohol, is an important factor for a lower risk of chronic disease such as obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. This beneficial effect can be explained, at least partially, by its modulating role on biomarkers of insulin sensitivity and atherosclerosis as well as of inflammation and endothelial function. On the other hand, the intake of specific dietary factors, such as unsaturated fatty acids (oleic and alpha-linolenic) and micronutrients with antioxidant properties (vitamins A, E and C; selenium, zinc) has been discussed, due to its potential protector action due to chronic disease occurrence and its possible profits in hormonal, metabolic and inflammatory regulations that these dietetic factors can provide within a nutritional treatment to obesity and metabolic syndrome. Arq Bras Endocrinol Metab. 2009;53(5):572-81.
Stereospecific analysis of triacylglycerol and phospholipid fractions of four freshwater fish species:: <i>Salmo trutta</i>, <i>Ictalurus punctatus</i>, <i>Ictalurus melas</i> and <i>Micropterus salmoides</i>; The fatty acid compositions and the positional distributions of fatty acid in triacylglycerol (TAGs) and phospholipid (PLs) fractions of four cultured freshwater fish species (Salmo trutta, Ictalurus punctatus, Ictalurus melas and Micropterus salmoides) were investigated. As regards the TAGs fraction, the S. trutta (trout) and L punctatus (channel catfish) species had the highest % content in n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the lowest 010 ratio; this ratio resulted always lower than I in all the considered fish species. The PLs fraction of the considered fish was very interesting because of the high percentage of PUFAs, both in phosphatidylcholines and in phosphatidylethanolamines. The fatty acid distribution among the three sn-positions of the glycerol backbone was non-random; generally, both n6 and n3 PUFAs were mainly distributed between sn-2- and sn-3-positions of TAGs while the contents in sn-1-position were generally lower; in PLs fraction these fatty acids preferred the s/1-2-position. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Animal board invited review: Dietary transition from animal to plant-derived foods: Are there risks to health?; Animal-derived foods ( ADFs ) are a very varied group of foods, but many are nutrient rich and contain higher quality protein than provided by plant-derived foods such that a simple replacement of ADF protein is likely to lead to a reduction in overall protein quality. In addition, many ADFs are richer in some nutrients than plant-based foods (e.g. Fe, Ca) and these often have a higher bioavailability. ADFs also provide nutrients that plants cannot supply (e.g. vitamin B12) 12 ) and some provide beneficial health functionality (e.g. hypotensive) which is not explained by traditional nutrition. However, there remains a good health reason to increase the proportion of plant- derived food in many diets to increase the intake of dietary fibre which is often consumed at very sub-optimal levels. It seems logical that the increased plant-derived foods should replace the ADFs that have the least benefit, the greatest risk to health and the highest environmental impact. Processed meat fits these characteristics and should be an initial target for replacement with plant-based based protein-rich foods that additionally provide the necessary nutrients and have high- quality dietary fibre. Processed meat covers a wide range of products including several traditional foods (e.g. sausages) which will make decisions on food replacement challenging. There is therefore an urgent need for research to better define the relative health risks associated with the range of processed meat-based foods. The aim of this review is to examine the evidence on the benefits and risks of this dietary transition including the absolute necessity to consider initial nutrient status before the replacement of ADFs is considered. (c) 2024 The Author. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Anandamide Revisited: How Cholesterol and Ceramides Control Receptor-Dependent and Receptor-Independent Signal Transmission Pathways of a Lipid Neurotransmitter; Anandamide is a lipid neurotransmitter derived from arachidonic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid. The chemical differences between anandamide and arachidonic acid result in a slightly enhanced solubility in water and absence of an ionisable group for the neurotransmitter compared with the fatty acid. In this review, we first analyze the conformational flexibility of anandamide in aqueous and membrane phases. We next study the interaction of the neurotransmitter with membrane lipids and discuss the molecular basis of the unexpected selectivity of anandamide for cholesterol and ceramide from among other membrane lipids. We show that cholesterol behaves as a binding partner for anandamide, and that following an initial interaction mediated by the establishment of a hydrogen bond, anandamide is attracted towards the membrane interior, where it forms a molecular complex with cholesterol after a functional conformation adaptation to the apolar membrane milieu. The complex is then directed to the anandamide cannabinoid receptor (CB1) which displays a high affinity binding pocket for anandamide. We propose that cholesterol may regulate the entry and exit of anandamide in and out of CB1 by interacting with low affinity cholesterol recognition sites (CARC and CRAC) located in transmembrane helices. The mirror topology of cholesterol binding sites in the seventh transmembrane domain is consistent with the delivery, extraction and flip-flop of anandamide through a coordinated cholesterol-dependent mechanism. The binding of anandamide to ceramide illustrates another key function of membrane lipids which may occur independently of protein receptors. Interestingly, ceramide forms a tight complex with anandamide which blocks the degradation pathway of both lipids and could be exploited for anti-cancer therapies.
Effect of vitamin E on gene expression changes in diet-related carcinogenesis; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is responsible for the second highest associated mortality in Western Europe and the United States. Approximately 95% of CRC is sporadic and believed to involve environmental agents and chronic inflammation as causal elements. Several recent studies have suggested a link with diet, in particular, red meat, dietary fats, and low consumption of vegetables. Lipid peroxidation and arachidonic acid metabolism have specifically been implicated in genotoxicity, tumor initiation, and promotion. We have examined the global gene expression profiles (Affymetrix; HU133A) of differentiated vs. undifferentiated colonocytes (CRL-1807), with and without vitamin E supplementation, while undergoing a lipid peroxidative stress. Malondialdehyde and hydroxynonenal, generated by heating a mixture of linoleic and linolenic acid, caused DNA adduct formation identified by immunofluoresence. We also observed a decreased ability for vitamin E to upregulate detoxifying enzymes against free-radical peroxidation, with the exception of mitochondrial superoxide dismutase in undifferentiated cells. However, there was an increased ability in undifferentiated, rather than in differentiated, colonic cells to detect DNA damage, initiate cytostasis, and then effect subsequent DNA, repair and apoptosis, in the presence of vitamin E. The expression profile implies less genotoxic stress is experienced in vitamin E-supplemented colonocytes, particularly undifferentiated cells, and points to a mechanism by which dietary supplementation may prevent genotoxic damage and subsequent carcinogenic events in the colon, by both antioxidant and non-antioxidant-related mechanisms.
Effects of Krill Oil on serum lipids of hyperlipidemic rats and human SW480 cells; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and colon cancer incidence are known to be closely related to dietary factors. This article evaluated effects of krill oil (KO) on serum lipids of hyperlipidemia rats and human colon cancer cells (SW480). Serum lipids of rats fed with high fat diet (HFD) and different doses of KO were measured by automatic analyzer. Effect of KO on viability of cells was determined by methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) assay.
The influence of the macular carotenoids on women's eye and brain health; Introduction: The mortality-morbidity paradox refers to the inconsistency in survival and disease between males and females: females live longer but tend to suffer greater age-related disease and disability. Many aspects of the latter can be targeted by lifestyle interventions, such as changes in dietary behavior. Methods: The relevant literature is reviewed. Conclusion: Dietary intake of the pigmented carotenoids appears to be particularly important for issues such as visual and cognitive loss. This may be due to the highly selective presence of a fraction of carotenoids, namely lutein (L) and zeaxanthin (Z), in specific tissues of the eye and brain. At those sites, L and Z have been shown to directly improve function and prevent central nervous system degeneration. On the palliative side, retinal LZ reduce glare disability, discomfort and photostress, improve chromatic contrast and visual range (e.g., the ability to see through blue atmospheric haze). These effects on input reflect changes in neural output such as improved visual processing speed, problem solving, memory and executive function (presumably due, also, to local effects in areas such as the hippocampus and frontal cortex). These effects on function throughout the central nervous system are mirrored by effects on disease progression. As potent antioxidants/anti-inflammatory agents, and "blue-blockers" within the retina, the pigments prevent loss that precedes neurodegenerative diseases such as age-related macular degeneration and some forms of dementia.
Resolvins AT-D1 and E1 differentially impact functional outcome, post-traumatic sleep, and microglial activation following diffuse brain injury in the mouse; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is induced by mechanical forces which initiate a cascade of secondary injury processes, including inflammation. Therapies which resolve the inflammatory response may promote neural repair without exacerbating the primary injury. Specific derivatives of omega-3 fatty acids loosely grouped as specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators (SPMs) and termed resolvins promote the active resolution of inflammation. In the current study, we investigate the effect of two resolvin molecules, RvE1 and AT-RvD1, on post-traumatic sleep and functional outcome following diffuse TBI through modulation of the inflammatory response.
Human health implications of organic food and organic agriculture: a comprehensive review; This review summarises existing evidence on the impact of organic food on human health. It compares organic vs. conventional food production with respect to parameters important to human health and discusses the potential impact of organic management practices with an emphasis on EU conditions. Organic food consumption may reduce the risk of allergic disease and of overweight and obesity, but the evidence is not conclusive due to likely residual confounding, as consumers of organic food tend to have healthier lifestyles overall. However, animal experiments suggest that identically composed feed from organic or conventional production impacts in different ways on growth and development. In organic agriculture, the use of pesticides is restricted, while residues in conventional fruits and vegetables constitute the main source of human pesticide exposures. Epidemiological studies have reported adverse effects of certain pesticides on children's cognitive development at current levels of exposure, but these data have so far not been applied in formal risk assessments of individual pesticides. Differences in the composition between organic and conventional crops are limited, such as a modestly higher content of phenolic compounds in organic fruit and vegetables, and likely also a lower content of cadmium in organic cereal crops. Organic dairy products, and perhaps also meats, have a higher content of omega-3 fatty acids compared to conventional products. However, these differences are likely of marginal nutritional significance. Of greater concern is the prevalent use of antibiotics in conventional animal production as a key driver of antibiotic resistance in society; antibiotic use is less intensive in organic production. Overall, this review emphasises several documented and likely human health benefits associated with organic food production, and application of such production methods is likely to be beneficial within conventional agriculture, e.g., in integrated pest management.
Synthesis of Sphingosine Is Essential for Oxidative Stress-Induced Apoptosis of Photoreceptors; PURPOSE. Oxidative stress is involved in inducing apoptosis of photoreceptors in many retinal neurodegenerative diseases. It has been shown that oxidative stress increases in photoreceptors the synthesis of ceramide, a sphingolipid precursor that then activates apoptosis. In several cell types, ceramide is converted by ceramidases to sphingosine (Sph), another apoptosis mediator; hence, this study was undertaken to determine whether Sph participates in triggering photoreceptor apoptosis.
Integrated assessment of egg quality by biophoton measurement; In general, consumers believe that quality of organic food is superior to conventionally produced one. When applying conventional quality criteria in the comparison of quality of organic and conventional food only minor differences can be observed. This may be due to the fact that only single aspects of product quality are considered. For organic food, an integrated assessment of quality seems to be more appropriate. Biophoton measurements may provide an opportunity for that. In the early 20(th) century (1922), Gurwitsch observed that living organisms emit light (photons). Ruth u. Popp (1976) discovered these light emissions again and detected them with a high sensitive photomultiplier. Different hypotheses were developed to describe this phenomenon. The most popular one is that the observed biophotons come from an intercellular communication system. This was defined as mitogenic radiation and is meanwhile described as dark luminescence or biophoton emission, due to the very low intensity of radiation. Experiments with eggs show that biophoton measurements are able to detect differences in producing quality of food. Kohler (2001) applied this method to egg yolks and found that yolks from hens with access to grass intake and from organic production showed higher biophoton emissions with a slower decline over time than yolks from conventional systems. Furthermore, a significant positive correlation was observed for feathering condition of hens (higher emissions and better feathering) and for mortality (higher emissions and lower mortality). The objective of the current experiment was to run a long-term (I year) evaluation of egg quality from different production systems (cage, barn, free range, organic) on the basis of conventional quality criteria (such as shell breaking strength, egg mass, albumen height, yolk colour, proportion of yolk, fatty acid profile) and emission of biofatty The experiment started in May 2006 with monthly measurements at Hohenheim University / Stuttgart (Dept. of Poultry Science) and at the International Institute of Biophysics / Neuss. First results indicate that even on the production level organic eggs show higher emissions of biophotons than conventional ones. In organic yolks, there are also found higher albumen height, paler yolk colour and higher content of omega-3 fatty acids. Biophoton emission is higher during summertime than during winter, reflecting the higher light intensity and more intensive cell activity in summer. Obviously, measurement of dark luminescence may be a suitable method for an integrated assessment of the quality of organic eggs.
ALTERED LIPID-METABOLISM IN THE PRESENCE AND ABSENCE OF EXTRACELLULAR CA2+ DURING COMBINED OXYGEN-GLUCOSE DEPRIVATION IN PRIMARY ASTROCYTE CULTURES; The effect of combined oxygen-glucose deprivation (COGD) on lipid metabolism in primary rat cortical astrocyte cultures was studied in both the presence and absence of extracellular Ca2+, In this study, increases in intracellular Ca2+ from internal Ca2+ stores were not inhibited nor were internal Ca2+ levels buffered, Combined oxygen-glucose deprivation resulted in a quantitative reduction in phospholipid levels and an increase in free fatty acid and lysophospholipid levels, Four hours after the onset of COGD, ethanolamine- and choline glycerophospholipid levels were decreased by 40 and 46% from control levels in the presence of Ca2+, respectively. A similar decrease was found 6 hr after onset of COGD in the absence of Ca2+, These changes were accompanied by elevated levels of the corresponding lysophospholipids, However, the increases in lysophospholipid content did not account for the entire loss of ethanolamine- or choline glycerophospholipid. Phosphatidylserine was reduced in both the presence and absence of extracellular Ca2+ but phosphatidylinositol was only decreased in the absence of Ca2+, Statistically significant increases in total fatty acid (FA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels occurred at 30 min and 3 hr after the onset of COGD in the absence and presence of Ca2+, respectively, Arachidonic acid levels were increased in both groups by 1 hr, These increases in FA, PUFA, and specifically arachidonic acid were time-dependent and increased over the 12 hr of COGD, Collectively, these results indicate the activation of an acylhydrolase mechanism in the possible presence of an inhibited reacylation path,way, The lack of measurable increases in diacylglycerol content suggests either the lack of phospholipase C activation or the rapid removal of diacylglycerol. These early alterations in lipid metabolism begin prior to any appreciable loss of cell viability. (C) 1995 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of fish oil encapsulation within different micro/nanocarriers; Fish oil is one of the most important sources of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), especially eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid which are the most important PUFAs with several health benefits. However, PUFAs are prone to oxidation and have a poor water solubility which limits the use of fish oils into food formulations. Encapsulation techniques can be applied to overcome these challenges. There is a large number of published micro/nanoencapsulation papers, where each of them contains a limited number of wall materials, feed formulation, encapsulation technique, and storage conditions. Therefore, without systematic evaluation of the data extracted from available studies, the design of functional foods containing fish oil would not be very successful. The objective of this systematic review is a meta-analysis of published researches on the nano/microencapsulation of fish oil. A comprehensive literature search was performed between 1 October and 31 December 2019 with encapsulation, fish oil, and oxidative stability keywords. Overall, 39 qualified articles were selected for the statistical analysis. Based on the technique used for encapsulation, the fish oil-loaded carriers were classified into four main groups: (a) spray-dried particles; (b) freeze-dried particles; (c) electrospun fibers and electrosprayed capsules; and (d) other carriers prepared by supercritical antisolvent, gelation, liposomes, spray-freeze drying, and transglutaminase catalyzed cross-linking. The three most frequent methods applied for fish oil encapsulation were spray drying (42.86%), freeze drying (21.43%), and electrohydrodynamic (19.04%) methods, respectively. Averagely, the best encapsulation efficiency was obtained for electrohydrodynamic processes. Also, the combination of polysaccharide-protein based wall materials provided the best performance in terms of fish oil encapsulation efficiency.
Influence of vegetarian diets on the nutritional and metabolic status, and their association with non-communicable diseases; Vegetarian diets have been proposed as a nutritional approach that can potentially reduce the risk of chronic non-communicable diseases. In addition, there is strong societal pressure to reduce food of animal origin from food consumption in Western countries. Comparing the health effects of vegetarian and omnivorous diets is therefore an important topical question, to which we are trying to provide an answer based on meta-analyzes published on this subject. Vegetarian diets are associated with a lower concentration of total blood cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol, and have no effect on triglyceride levels. They increase the risk of vitamin B12 deficiency, mainly in infants of vegetarian mothers, pregnant women and the elderly and decrease the iron stores evaluated by ferritin. On the other hand, there is a protective effect of vegetarian diets on the risk of pathological obesity, of the other components of the metabolic syndrome including diabetes and hypertension and on the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Study of the effects on cancer risk has produced conflicting results. The exhaustive review of the literature shows that there are very limited data on the effects of vegetarian diets for omega-3 fatty acids, iodine, calcium, vitamin B12 and vitamin D and the comparison with the Mediterranean diet. The effect of vegetarian diets on age groups also requires special attention. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS on behalf of l'Academie nationale de medecine.
Nutrition and Lifestyle for a Healthy Pregnancy; Nutrition and lifestyle factors can maximize health in pregnancy and lower future risk of disease for both mother and fetus. Education can make a big difference for patients in pregnancy outcomes, anxiety, and future health. Pregnancy is a time when attention to proper weight gain can reduce the risk of future obesity, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. There is mounting evidence that fetal "programming" for future risk of disease begins in utero and varies with nutritional exposures during different times of pregnancy, although the exact mechanisms remain to be elucidated. It is clear that a few simple precautions and enhancements of diet and lifestyle can prevent birth defects and perinatal infections and may reduce future health risks. Exercise in pregnancy is safe and should be encouraged for healthy women.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, specialized pro-resolving mediators, and targeting inflammation resolution in the age of precision nutrition; Chronic inflammation contributes toward the pathogenesis of numerous diseases including, but not limited to, obesity, autoimmunity, cardiovascular diseases, and cancers. The discovery of specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), which are critical for resolving inflammation, has commenced investigation into targeting pathways of inflammation resolution to improve physiological outcomes. SPMs are predominately synthesized from the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Therefore, one viable strategy to promote inflammation resolution would be to increase dietary intake of EPA/DHA, which are deficient in select populations. However, there are inconsistencies between the use of EPA/DHA as dietary or pharmacological supplements and improved inflammatory status. Herein, we review the literature on the relationship between the high n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio, downstream SPM biosynthesis, and inflammatory endpoints. We highlight key studies that have investigated how dietary intake of EPA/DHA increase tissue SPMs and their effects on inflammation. We also discuss the biochemical pathways by which EPA/DHA drive SPM biosynthesis and underscore mechanistic gaps in knowledge about these pathways which include a neglect for host genetics/ethnic differences in SPM metabolism, sexual dimorphism in SPM levels, and potential competition from select dietary n-6 PUFAs for enzymes of SPM synthesis. Altogether, establishing how dietary PUFAs control SPM biosynthesis in a genetic- and sex-dependent manner will drive new precision nutrition studies with EPA/DHA to prevent chronic inflammation in select populations.
Partial Replacement of High-Fat Diet with Beef Tallow Attenuates Dyslipidemia and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in <i>db</i>/<i>db</i> Mice; High-fat diet (HFD) consumption is closely associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndromes (MetS), such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Therefore, the consumption of alternative and functional fatty acids to replace saturated fatty acids and/or trans-fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids has become an important dietary strategy for the prevention of MetS. Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3) reduces various physiological complications, including CVDs, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and insulin resistance, related to inflammatory responses. In this study, we investigated the partial replacement effects of HFD with beef tallow (BT) on dyslipidemia and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in male db/db mice. The animals were grouped to one of four dietary intervention groups (n = 16 per group): (1) normal diet, (2) HFD, (3) HFD partially replaced with regular beef tallow (HFD+BT1), or (4) HFD partially replaced with beef tallow containing a relatively reduced omega-6 fatty acid (n-6)/n-3 ratio (HFD+BT2) than HFD+BT1. After 6 weeks of dietary intervention, 1 mg/kg of phosphate-buffered saline or tunicamycin (TM) was injected intraperitoneally. HFD+BT2 significantly suppressed the serum total cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels more than HFD and HFD+BT1, and triglyceride levels in the epididymal adipose tissue (EAT) were remarkably decreased. Mice that received HFD+BT2 had elevated protein expressions of phospho-AMP-activated protein kinase (p-AMPK). Moreover, HFD+BT2 effectively inhibited ER stress in the liver and EAT. Consistent with our hypothesis, HFD+BT2 remarkably alleviated dyslipidemia and TM-inducible ER stress, while activating p-AMPK.
Nutritional profiling of microfungi and its effects on the growth performance, bacterial communities, and survival with Vibrio harveyi on white shrimp post-larvae (Litopenaeus vannamei); We evaluated seven microfungi isolated from rivers or streams in Indonesia for a nutritional profile including protein, lipid, amino acids, fatty acids, and beta-glucan, i.e., Trichoderma harzianum, Macrophoma theicola, Trichoderma lentiforme, Trichoderma hamatum, Mucor circinelloides, Lasiodiplodia theobromae, and Fusarium oxysporum. All isolates had relatively high nutritional content, where the proteins ranging from 31.56-45.58%, lipids 2.22-6.54%, amino acids 11.023-18.881 g/100 g, fatty acids 1.094-5.253%, and beta-glucan 0.170-0.280 g/dry weight. The most amino acids were glutamic acid, lysine, and leucine, while fatty acids were oleic acid (C 18:10)9C), linoleic acid (C18:20)6), and linolenic acid (C 18:30)3 and 0)6). Moreover, we have conducted a 14-day feeding trial on white shrimp post-larvae (PL-10) with two isolates of microfungi and their combination, including M. circinelloides and T. harzianum. Finally, the results indicated that T. harzianum fed with 0.5% and 1.5% could improve white shrimp post-larvae survival and growth performance. It was found that two dominant bacteria were Gordonia polyisoprenivorans and Croceibacter atlanticus. The cumulative mortality rate was not significant from the challenge trial with Vibrio harveyi (p > 0.05). However, further in-depth investigation needs to be conducted, and some microfungi contain anti-nutrients that can affect growth.
Targeted Metabolomic Analysis in Alzheimer's Disease Plasma and Brain Tissue in Non-Hispanic Whites; Background: Metabolites are biological compounds reflecting the functional activity of organs and tissues. Understanding metabolic changes in Alzheimer's disease (AD) can provide insight into potential risk factors in this multifactorial disease and suggest new intervention strategies or improve non-invasive diagnosis.
Immunonutrition in Radical Cystectomy: State of the Art and Perspectives; Simple Summary Preoperative nutritional status is a pivotal aspect to consider in cancer patients undergoing radical cystectomy, as malnourished individuals are more prone to post-surgical complications. The loss of muscle mass is a significant consequence of cancer-related malnutrition and is associated with increased risks of readmission, longer hospital stays, and higher mortality rates. This narrative review explores the concept of "immunonutrition", which consists of the use of specific nutrients to boost the immune system and improve postoperative outcomes. By reviewing existing scientific literature, promising evidence was found that supports immunonutrition in reducing complications, including infections, after bladder surgery. These findings highlight the need for further research to determine the optimal approach, regardless of nutritional status, for improving patient outcomes after bladder surgery. The development of uniformly designed randomized controlled trials is necessary to establish the most effective dosage, timing, and duration of perioperative immunonutrition and to confirm the available preliminary evidence. Preoperative nutritional status is a pivotal aspect to consider in patients with cancer undergoing radical cystectomy (RC), as those at risk of malnutrition or already malnourished are more prone to post-surgical complications. The loss of muscle mass is a major consequence of cancer-related malnutrition. It is associated with increased risk of hospital readmission, longer hospitalization, and higher mortality. Nowadays, the close relationship between nutritional and immunological aspects under stressful conditions, such as surgery, represents an emerging scientific and clinical issue. Indeed, the synergistic action of reduced food intake and systemic inflammation generates metabolic derangements with tissue catabolism, including skeletal muscle breakdown, which is, in turn, associated with immune system dysfunction. In order to offer an additional immune-nutritional boost to the post-surgical phase, particularly in malnourished patients, nutritional support may include oral nutritional supplements and/or enteral formulas enriched with specific nutrients such as omega-3 fatty acids, arginine, glutamine, and nucleotides, with acknowledged immune-modulating effects. In the present narrative review, we addressed the state of the art of the available scientific literature on the benefit of immunonutrition in patients undergoing RC for cancer and suggest possible future perspectives to be explored. Although the role of immunonutrition was found to be little explored in the context of urologic oncology, the preliminary available data on radical cystectomy, summarized in the present paper, are promising and suggest that it may improve postoperative outcomes through immunomodulation, regardless of nutritional status before surgery.
Association of Dietary Fatty Acids with Blood Lipids is Modified by Physical Activity in Adolescents: Results from the GINIplus and LISA Birth Cohort Studies; The role of consuming different types of fatty acids (FA) at the expense of carbohydrates (CHO), on the blood lipid profile of adolescents is largely unknown, as is the modulating effect of different levels of physical activity (PA). Children from the GINIplus and LISA birth cohorts, with complete data on dietary FA (assessed by food-frequency questionnaires), objectively-measured PA (assessed by accelerometers) and blood lipids (lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides) at age 15 years, were included (N = 837). Sex-stratified associations between dietary FA and blood lipids were assessed by linear regression in substitution models which represented isocaloric replacements of CHO with saturated FA (SFA), monounsaturated FA (MUFA), n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) or n-6 PUFA. To assess the interactions with PA, analyses were then performed stratified by tertiles of different PA levels (sedentary, lifestyle, moderate-to-vigorous (MVPA)). Both sexes presented a significant inverse association between MUFA and triglycerides, and females a direct association between n-3 PUFA and high-density lipoprotein. Stratifying by PA tertiles, associations were mainly restricted to participants with the lowest levels of lifestyle PA, or the highest time spent sedentary. The effects of dietary FA on the lipid profile vary in an activity-specific manner, emphasizing possible synergistic roles of diet and PA.
Registration of 'NC-Tinius' Soybean; 'NC-Tinius' soybean [Glycine max (L.,) Merr.] (Reg. No. CV-503, PI 664027) was cooperatively developed and released by North Carolina State University (NCSU) and the North Carolina Agricultural Research Service. It was first tested in North Carolina yield trials in 2003. NC-Tinius is a determinate, maturity-group-V, conventional cultivar. It is a high-yielding conventional line adapted to the northern and central regions of eastern North Carolina. It was derived from the cross of the low-palmitate and low-linolenate conventional line TN99-76,077 to a high-yielding conventional line V91-3036. In the NCSU breeding trials (11 environments), NC-Tinius averaged 3443 kg ha(-1), or 353 kg ha(-1) more than '5601T', under full-season conditions. In eight average-to high-yield environments in the North Carolina Official Variety Trials, NC-Tinius produced significantly higher yields (4031 kg ha(-1)) than did the standard cultivar 5601T in narrow (19 cm) row spacing. Seed protein and oil contents were similar to those of 5601T. NC-Tinius is resistant to Soybean mosaic virus (G1), frogeye leaf spot (caused by Cercospora sojina Hara), bacterial pustule [caused by Xanthomonas campestris pv. glycines (Nakano) Dye], and stem canker (caused by Diaporthe phaseolorum var. meridionalis) and is moderately resistant to sudden death syndrome (caused by Fusarium solani f. sp. glycines).
Mitoprotective Effects of a Synergistic Nutraceutical Combination: Basis for a Prevention Strategy Against Alzheimer's Disease; Evidence to date suggests the consumption of food rich in bioactive compounds, such as polyphenols, flavonoids, omega-3 fatty acids may potentially minimize age-related cognitive decline. For neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), which do not yet have definitive treatments, the focus has shifted toward using alternative approaches, including prevention strategies rather than disease reversal. In this aspect, certain nutraceuticals have become promising compounds due to their neuroprotective properties. Moreover, the multifaceted AD pathophysiology encourages the use of multiple bioactive components that may be synergistic in their protective roles when combined. The objective of the present study was to determine mechanisms of action underlying the inhibition of A beta(1-42)-induced toxicity by a previously determined, three-compound nutraceutical combination D5L5U5 for AD. In vitro experiments were carried out in human neuroblastoma BE(2)-M17 cells for levels of ROS, ATP mitophagy, and mitobiogenesis. The component compounds luteolin (LUT), DHA, and urolithin A (UA) were independently protective of mitochondria; however, the D5L5U5 preceded its single constituents in all assays used. Overall, it indicated that D5L5U5 had potent inhibitory effects against A beta(1-42)-induced toxicity through protecting mitochondria. These mitoprotective activities included minimizing oxidative stress, increasing ATP and inducing mitophagy and mitobiogenesis. However, this synergistic nutraceutical combination warrants further investigations in other in vitro and in vivo AD models to confirm its potential to be used as a preventative therapy for AD.
A closer look at polyunsaturated fatty acids and hypertension; Hypertension is the most common chronic cardiovascular disease in adults in all Western societies. Unfortunately, hypertension treatment is still often insufficient and in most countries the majority of patients still have inadequately controlled blood pressure. In recent years, dietary modifications and supplementations, including polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), have attracted considerable interest as a potentially complementary therapy for the treatment of hypertension. The reduction of blood pressure due to PUFA supplementation may be a consequence of promoting nitric oxide-induced endothelial relaxation, a reduced vasoconstrictive response to catecholamines and angiotensin II, improved vasodilatory responses, arterial compliance and reduced oxidative stress. It has been clearly demonstrated that PUFA decreases blood pressure in experimental studies, animal models and clinical trials, especially in higher doses (more than 3g/day). Thus, PUFA consumption might be useful, particularly in the control of patients with 1st degree hypertension or as a complementary method in treating patients with antihypertensives. The consumption of fishes, the main source of PUFA, needs to be recommended for all the hypertensives to reduce cardiovascular risk. Because of the dose-dependent effect differences, the choice of a correct dose of PUFA may be difficult and controversial. Therefore, a qualified healthcare provider should be consulted prior to starting treatment with PUFA supplements.
A review of orange roughy <i>Hoplostethus atlanticus</i> fisheries, estimation methods, biology and stock structure; Orange roughy Hoplostethus atlanticus are unusual fish. They form dense aggregations that have fuelled lucrative fisheries at great depths (600-1 400 m), especially off Namibia, New Zealand and Australia. They are thought to be very long-lived (>100 years, maturity at 22-40 years), and to have exceptionally low natural mortality (M = 0.045-0.064 year(-1)) and slow growth rates (K = 0.055-0.070 year(-1)). In addition. they spawn large eggs and have low fecundity. These factors combine to make orange roughy highly susceptible to overfishing; most stocks are below 30% of pristine levels. Assessments are obtained from indices of catch rate and trawl, acoustic and egg surveys. Acoustic estimates are the most direct, but are confounded by the species' low target strength (-50 to -53 dB) - attributable to the wax-filled swim bladder. Extracellular wax esters are stored in abundance and comprise mostly mono-unsaturated fatty acids, with low concentrations of the omega-3 fatty acid family. This unusual composition (resultant from the species' diet) ensures neutral buoyancy. Stock separation has bee inferred mainly from biological studies, but genetic studies have also found differences among stocks within New Zealand and Australia. Deep-water habitat may be damaged by trawling operations and may take many years to recover, so in some quarters there is a cat] for a portion of suitable habitat to be set aside for preservation. Although Namibian orange roughy are shallower, smaller and younger than those in other stocks, the Namibian fishery sustained high catches for only a few years before quotas were reduced, from 12 000 to 1 875 tons. Three management lessons are suggested for developing orange roughy fisheries based on the Namibian experience: (1) imposition of catch limits during exploratory fishing; (2) starting the acoustic surveys earlier in the fishery, if possible; (3) greater reliance on trends in catch rate until a survey series has been established.
Acute Pancreatitis in the Transgender Population; Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is an uncommon but well-established etiology of acute pancreatitis (AP) leading to significant morbidity and mortality. Hormone replacement therapy in the transgender population is an underrecognized cause of elevated triglyceride (TG) levels and may put this group at a higher risk for severe pancreatitis. We present a case of AP in a genetically male patient receiving hormone therapy for female gender transformation. A 51-year-old with a past medical history of type 2 diabetes mellitus presented with severe epigastric abdominal pain associated with nonbilious, nonbloody vomiting and anorexia for two days. The patient was diagnosed with hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis (HTG-AP) in the setting of elevated lipase levels of 2,083 u/L and TGs of 5,000 mg/dL. In addition, a computerized tomography scan of the abdomen showed pancreatitis without evidence of necrosis. The patient was admitted to the medical intensive care unit for the management of AP in the setting of elevated TG levels. She was treated with intravenous fluids and an insulin drip. Her home medications including estradiol and Aldactone were held. Once the TG levels were reduced to <500 mg/dL, she was taken off the Insulin drip and transitioned to a subcutaneous insulin regimen along with gemfibrozil and omega-3 fatty acid over the next three days, and then discharged to home. HTG accounts for only about 7% of pancreatitis cases and increases in severity as TG levels increase. The clinical presentation of patients suffering from HTG-AP is similar to patients with AP from other etiologies and presents in a relatively younger population compared to AP from other causes. Treatment options for HTG-AP usually utilize insulin and heparin; however, plasma exchange and venovenous filtration may be used for severe cases of HTG-AP. The goal of treatment is to lower the TG levels. Physicians should be aware of such complications and should counsel patients while utilizing hormone replacement therapy, especially in patients with a prior family history of dyslipidemia.
Is There Something Fishy About Fish Oil?; Background: Fish is consumed as food worldwide and is considered as a rich source of essential nutrients required for a healthy life. Supplementation with fish oil has been adopted as a solution to prevent or cure many pathophysiological states and diseases by both the professionals and the civil population. The beneficial effects are, however, being questioned, as some controversial results were obtained in clinical and population studies.
The immune response to surgery and trauma: Implications for treatment; BACKGROUND: Infection after surgery and trauma is a major cause of increased morbidity, mortality, and cost. Alterations of the hosts immune system following these insults is believed to be responsible for the increased risk of infection. The hosts' immune response to tissue injury is widely believed to follow a bimodal response, with the systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) followed by the compensated anti-inflammatory response syndrome (CARS). Recent data, however, suggests that his paradigm may not be correct.
Let food be thy medicine: the role of diet in colorectal cancer: a narrative review; Background and Objective: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide, and the incidence and mortality rates continue to increase annually. Many factors, including genetic, immune, and environmental factors, influence the occurrence and development of CRC. Along with the economic development, changes in lifestyle, especially dietary factors, have been shown to greatly affect the progression of CRC. Increasing evidence showed that dietary patterns influence the risk of CRC and affect CRC treatment. The present review describes the role of diet in the prevention and treatment of CRC with the hope that doctors attach importance to dietary patterns in educating patients with CRC or at risk of CRC and that diet may be regarded as an auxiliary treatment strategy to improve patients' outcomes.
Population dependent effects of photoperiod on diapause related physiological traits in an invasive beetle (<i>Leptinotarsa decemlineata</i>); Organisms undergoing latitudinal range expansion face a change in the photoperiod which can lead to a mismatch between the timing of seasonal changes in physiological and life history traits with seasonal environmental changes. This mismatch can lead to lowered survival, for example, due to unsynchronized diapause timing. Successful range expansion even in recent introductions requires that organisms which use the photoperiod for seasonal predictions should show interpopulational differences in photoperiodic responses at different latitudes, as the photoperiod is a function of latitude. We investigated among population differences in photoperiodic responses of life history and physiological traits linked to diapause in the invasive beetle Leptinotarsa decemlineata. Beetles from a northern marginal and a southern European population were reared under short day (12:12 L:D) and long day (18:6 L:D) photoperiods. Both populations reacted similarly to the short day photoperiod. Their abdominal total lipid content increased and water content decreased which suggests that the beetles prepared for diapause. This was also indicated by low mortality during diapause. In the long day photoperiod large interpopulational differences were found, the southern population ceased lipid accumulation after 5 days, while the northern population continued lipid accumulation as beetles in the short day photoperiod. This indicates that the northern population has a longer critical photoperiod than the southern one. Abdominal total lipid stores in 10 day old beetles were shown to be predominantly composed of neutral lipids (85%), most likely representing storage triacylglycerols. Fatty acid profiles of both the neutral lipids and the phospholipids showed large shifts during the first 10 day of adult life, predominantly in the fractions of 18:0, 18:1 omega 9, 18:2 omega 6 and 18:3 omega 3. Although the degree of unsaturation increased with age, it was not higher in diapausing than non-diapausing beetles. This indicates that this species does not increase diapause related cold tolerance via homeoviscous adaptation, and might have developed other means to cope with suboptimal temperatures, such as behavioral adaptations. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Evidence against calcium as a mediator of mitochondrial dysfunction during apoptosis induced by arachidonic acid and other free fatty acids; Apoptosis is often accompanied by activation of phospholipase A(2), causing release of free fatty acids (FFAs), which in turn are thought to contribute to the loss of mitochondrial transmembrane potential (Delta psi(m)). In these experiments, we asked whether calcium plays a role as an intermediate in this process. A total of 14 FFAs were compared for their ability to cause loss of Delta psi(m) and for their ability to affect levels of intracellular calcium. Among the FFAs, unsaturated FFAs tended to induce apoptosis while saturated FFAs did not. Arachidonic acid (AA) was most damaging, causing loss of Delta psi(m) and cell death in 8-10 h while linoleic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, and docosapentaenoic also strongly induced apoptosis. Effects of the FFAs on levels of intracellular calcium were very different. Many caused strong calcium responses; however, the ability to induce a strong calcium response was not predictive of ability to induce apoptosis, and overall, we did not find a correlation between apoptosis and calcium induction. Also, verapamil and TMB-8 were able to block the calcium response, but these inhibitors did not prevent loss of Delta psi(m), indicating that the calcium response is not necessary for FFA-induced loss of Delta psi(m). In contrast, we found that cyclosporine A could inhibit the AA-induced loss of Delta psi(m) with both whole cells and isolated mitochondria, confirming that the antimitochondrial effects of FFA can stem from direct effects on the mitochondrial permeability transition pore. Finally, we show that the strong apoptosis-inducing activity of AA may stem from its ability to selectively induce its own release.
A scoping review of over-the-counter products for depression, anxiety and insomnia in older people; BackgroundDepression, anxiety, and insomnia are prevalent in older people and are associated with increased risk of mortality, dependency, falls and reduced quality of life. Prior to or whilst seeking treatment, older people often manage these symptoms or conditions using products purchased over the counter (OTC), such as medication or herbal products. This review aims to map the evidence available for OTC medications, herbal medicines and dietary supplements for depression, anxiety and insomnia in older adults.MethodologyWe carried out a scoping review, including searches of five databases to identify relevant randomised controlled trials (inception-Dec 2022). We took an inclusive approach to products to represent the wide range that may be available online. Trials were summarised according to condition and product.ResultsWe included 47 trials and 10 ongoing trial protocols. Most targeted insomnia (n = 25), followed by depression (n = 20), and mixed conditions (n = 2). None evaluated products targeted at anxiety alone. Where reported, most products appeared to be safe for use, but studies rarely included people with multiple comorbidities or taking concomitant medication. Some types of melatonin for insomnia (n = 19) and omega-3 fatty acids for depression (n = 7) had more substantive evidence compared to the other products.ConclusionThere is a substantial gap in evidence for OTC products for anxiety in older people. This should be addressed in future trials. Research should also focus on products that are widely used, and these need to be tested in older populations that are similar to those who would use them in practice.
Impact of the TRPV2 Inhibitor on Advanced Heart Failure in Patients with Muscular Dystrophy: Exploratory Study of Biomarkers Related to the Efficacy of Tranilast; Cardiomyopathy is the leading cause of death in patients with muscular dystrophy (MD). Tranilast, a widely used anti-allergic drug, has displayed inhibitory activity against the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 2 and improved cardiac function in MD patients. To identify urinary biomarkers that assess improved cardiac function after tranilast administration, we performed a urinary metabolomic study focused on oxidative fatty acids. Accompanying the clinical trial of tranilast, urine specimens were collected over 24 weeks from MD patients with advanced heart failure. Urinary levels of tetranor-PGDM (tetranor-prostaglandin D metabolite), a metabolite of prostaglandin D-2, significantly decreased 12 weeks after tranilast administration and were correlated with BNP. These results suggest that prostaglandin-mediated inflammation, which increases with the pathological progression of heart failure in MD patients, was attenuated. Urinary prostaglandin E-3 (PGE(3)) levels significantly increased 4 weeks after tranilast administration. There were positive correlations between the urinary levels of PGE(3) and 8-hydroxy-2 '-deoxyguanosine, an oxidative stress marker. High PGE(3) levels may have a protective effect against cardiomyopathy in MD patients with high oxidative stress. Although further validation studies are necessary, urinary tetranor-PGDM and PGE(3) levels may help the current understanding of the extent of advanced heart failure in patients with MD after tranilast administration.
Effects of a nutritional intervention on impaired behavior and cognitive function in an emphysematous murine model of COPD with endotoxin-induced lung inflammation; One cluster of the extrapulmonary manifestations in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is related to the brain, which includes anxiety, depression and cognitive impairment. Brain-related comorbidities are related to worsening of symptoms and increased mortality in COPD patients. In this study, a murine model of COPD was used to examine the effects of emphysema and repetitive pulmonary inflammatory events on systemic inflammatory outcomes and brain function. In addition, the effect of a dietary intervention on brain-related parameters was assessed. Adult mate CS7Bl/6J mice were exposed to elastase or vehicle intratracheally (i.t.) once a week on three consecutive weeks. Two weeks after the final administration, mice were i.t. exposed to lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or vehicle for three times with a 10 day interval. A dietary intervention enriched with omega-3 PUFAs, prebiotic fibers, tryptophan and vitamin D was administered from the first LPS exposure onward. Behavior and cognitive function, the degree of emphysema and both pulmonary and systemic inflammation as well as blood-brain barrier (BBB) integrity and neuroinflammation in the brain were assessed. A lower score in the cognitive test was observed in elastase-exposed mice. Mice exposed to elastase plus LPS showed less locomotion in the behavior test. The enriched diet seemed to reduce anxiety-like behavior over time and cognitive impairments associated with the presented COPD model, without affecting locomotion. In addition, the enriched diet restored the disbalance in splenic T-helper 1 (Th1) and Th2 cells. There was a trend toward recovering elastase plus LPS-induced decreased expression of occludin in brain microvessels, a measure of BBB integrity, as welt as improving expression levels of kynurenine pathway markers in the brain by the enriched diet. The findings of this study demonstrate brain-associated comorbidities - including cognitive and behavioral impairments - in this murine model for COPD. Although no changes in lung parameters were observed, exposure to the specific enriched diet in this model appeared to improve systemic immune disbalance, BBB integrity and derailed kynurenine pathway which may lead to reduction of anxiety-like behavior and improved cognition.
Hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis: updated review of current treatment and preventive strategies; Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is an uncommon but well-established cause of acute pancreatitis (AP) comprising up to 7% of the cases. The clinical course of HTG-induced pancreatitis (HTGP) is highly similar to that of AP of other etiologies with HTG being the only distinguishing clinical feature. However, HTGP is often correlated with higher severity and elevated complication rate. At present, no approved treatment guideline for the management of HTGP is available, although different treatment modalities such as insulin, heparin, fibric acids, and omega 3 fatty acids have been successfully implemented to reduce serum triglycerides (TG). Plasmapheresis has also been used to counteract elevated TG levels in HTGP patients. However, it has been associated with complications. Following the management of acute phase, lifestyle modifications including dietary adjustments and drug therapy are essential in the long-term management of HTGP and the prevention of its relapse. Results from studies of small patient groups describing treatment and prevention of HTGP are not sufficient to draw solid conclusions resulting in no treatment algorithm being available for effective management of HTGP. Therefore, prospective randomized, active-controlled clinical studies are required to find a better treatment regimen for the management of HTGP. Until date, one randomized clinical trial has been performed to compare clinical outcomes of different treatment approaches for HTGP. However, further studies are required to outline a generalized and efficient treatment regimen for the management of HTGP.
Circulating granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor and serum fatty acid composition in men and women; Atherosclerosis is increasingly recognized as an inflammatory disease. Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GMCSF) is a proinflammatory cytokine, recently implicated as a prominent component of the regulatory network involved in atherogenesis. We aimed to study the relationship between circulating GM-CSF levels and serum fatty acid (FA) composition in 78 healthy subjects. The latter was analyzed by gas-liquid chromatography and GM-CSF by a high-sensitivity commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Among women (n=40), serum GM-CSF levels were found to be positively associated with the proportion of palmitic acid (C16:0) and negatively with linoleic acid (C18:2 omega -6), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6 omega -3), and the proportion of total essential FA. After excluding smoking women (n=6), the associations among GM-CSF and serum linoleic acid concentration (r = -0.49, P=.003), arachidonic acid (r = -0.52, P=.001), and DHA (r = -0.34, P=.04) were strengthened. The ratio of palmitic to linoleic and DHA acids was the single best predictor of serum GM-CSF in all subjects. Together with arachidonic acid, it contributed to 22% of the GM-CSF variance in women, after taking into account the effects of age, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and smoking status. None of these associations were observed among men. In conclusion, serum FA composition is associated with circulating GM-CSF specifically in women. As human arterial and venous smooth muscle cells release GM-CSF, and treatment of endothelial cells with oxidized low-density lipoproteins results in a rapid expression of GM-CSF, the mechanisms involved in these associations and the sex-linked differences should be further explored. Copyright (C) 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Analysis of nutritional habits and intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids in veterans with peripheral arterial disease; Inadequate nutrient intake may contribute to the development and progression of peripheral arterial disease (PAD). This study's aim was to assess intake of essential fatty acids and nutrients among veterans with PAD. All 88 subjects had ankle-brachial indices of <0.9 and claudication. A validated food frequency questionnaire evaluated dietary intake, and values were compared to guidelines established by the American Heart Association (AHA) and American College of Cardiology (ACC), as well as the AHA/ACC endorsed Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan. The mean age was 69 +/- 8 years. Compared to the AHA/ACC guidelines, subjects with PAD had an inadequate intake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA; 59% consumed >1 gram daily). Our subjects with PAD had an increased intake of cholesterol (31% met the cut-off established in the DASH plan), total fat (5%) and sodium (53%). They had an inadequate intake of magnesium (3%), calcium (5%), and soluble fiber (3%). Dietary potassium intake met the recommended guidelines. In our subjects with PAD, intake of critical nutrients deviated substantially from the recommended amounts. Further prospective studies should evaluate whether PAD patients experience clinical benefit if diets are modified to meet the AHA/ACC recommendations.
Use of alternative pharmacotherapy in management of cardiovascular diseases; Objectives: To review use of alternative pharmacotherapy (AP) in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and significant drug interactions between AP and traditional CVD medications. Study Design: A literature search of MEDLINE and the National Complementary and Alternative Medicine database was done using these search terms: supplements, vitamins, garlic, fish oil, L-arginine, soy, coenzyme Q10, herbs, phytosterols, chelation therapy, alternative medicine, and CVD. Patients and Methods: English human clinical trials measuring surrogate and clinical end points. Results: Antioxidants have not been consistently proven beneficial in reducing cardiovascular mortality. Fish oils may be beneficial in patients with hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, but therapeutic doses need to be defined. Use of coenzyme Q10 in patients with heart failure has not demonstrated consistent benefits. Garlic may lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels, but also may increase bleeding, so its use in CVD patients should be monitored. Clinical studies with small sample sizes have demonstrated that L-arginine may be useful to prevent and treat CVD, The Food and Drug Administration recommends 25 g/day of soy protein as part of a diet low in saturated fats for cholesterol reduction, Plant sterols are recommended by the American Heart Association and the National Cholesterol Education Program Expert Panel as adjunct therapy to reduce low-density lipoprotein. No data support use of chelation therapy. Some APs interact with common prescription CVD medications (eg, gingko and ginseng with warfarin, St. John's Wort with digoxin), Conclusions: The benefits of APs as part of the treatment for CVD are controversial. Routine use is not recommended.
Association of Race and Ethnicity With Late-Life Depression Severity, Symptom Burden, and Care; Importance Knowledge gaps persist regarding racial and ethnic variation in late-life depression, including differences in specific depressive symptoms and disparities in care.
Endogenous red blood cell membrane fatty acids and sudden cardiac arrest; Little is known of the associations of endogenous fatty acids with sudden cardiac arrest (SCA). We investigated the associations of SCA with red blood cell membrane fatty acids that are end products of de novo fatty acid synthesis: myristic acid (14:0), palmitic acid (16:0), palmitoleic acid (16:1 n7), vaccenic acid (18:1 n7), stearic acid (18:0), oleic acid (18:1 n9), and a related fatty acid, cis-7 hexadecenoic acid (16:1 n9). We used data from a population-based case-control study where cases, aged 25 to 74 years, were out-of-hospital SCA patients attended by paramedics in Seattle, WA (n = 265). Controls, matched to cases by age, sex, and calendar year, were randomly identified from the community (n = 415). All participants were free of prior clinically diagnosed heart disease. We observed associations of higher red blood cell membrane levels of 16:0, 16:1n-7, 18:1n-7, and 16:1n-9 with higher risk of SCA. In analyses adjusted for traditional SCA risk factors and trans- and n-3 fatty acids, a 1-SD-higher level of 16:0 was associated with 38% higher risk of SCA (odds ratio, 1.38; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-1.70) and a 1-SD-higher level of 16:1n-9 with 88% higher risk (odds ratio, 1.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-2.78). Several fatty acids that are end products of fatty acid synthesis are associated with SCA risk. Further work is needed to investigate if conditions that favor de novo fatty acid synthesis, such as high-carbohydrate/low-fat diets, might also increase the risk of SCA. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The vital prognosis of elderly adults living in a group home in their mid-eighties; The purpose of the present study is to evaluate the vital prognoses of elderly people in their mid-eighties living in a group home (GH) compared to age- and sex-matched outpatient clinic (OPC) in an observational study conducted over 6 years. We investigated the association between mortality and general, cardiac, and nutritional parameters, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in 54 GH residents (83 +/- 8 years old) and 57 OPC attendees (83 +/- 5 years old). Kaplan-Meier curves and Cox proportional hazard ratio analyses were used to assess the association between EPA drug administration and mortality in the GH residents and OPC attendees, respectively. The 54 GH residents had higher mortality and poorer nutritional states, as indicated by lower EPA/arachidonic acid values (median 0.20 vs 0.55, p < 0.001), and BMI under the condition without EPA drug administration (1800 mg daily) than did the OPC group. The significant factors that differed between survivors and deceased in the GH residents and OPC attendees were nutritional and cardiac factors. Cox proportional hazard ratio analysis confirmed that a possible determinant of the prognosis was a lower incidence of EPA drug administration and lower hemoglobin in GH. Kaplan-Meier curves and Cox proportional hazard ratio analyses revealed that EPA drug administration significantly reduced the relative mortality by 82 % in the GH residents (p < 0.001) but not in the OPC attendees. The vital prognosis in individuals from GHs was potentially improved by EPA drug administration, which was not the case in the OPC group; however, further prospective studies are needed.
Acute and long-term consequences of exposure to organophosphate nerve agents in humans; Nerve agents are organophosphate (OP) compounds and among the most powerful poisons known to man. A terrorist attack on civilian or military populations causing mass casualties is a real threat. The OP nerve agents include soman, sarin, cyclosarin, tabun, and VX. The major mechanism of acute toxicity is the irreversible inhibition of acetylcholinesterase. Acetylcholinesterase inhibition results in the accumulation of excessive acetylcholine levels in synapses, leading to progression of toxic signs including hypersecretions, tremors, status epilepticus, respiratory distress, and death. Miosis and rhinorrhea are the most common clinical findings in those individuals acutely exposed to OP nerve agents. Prolonged seizures are responsible for the neuropathology. The brain region that shows the most severe damage is the amygdala, followed by the piriform cortex, hippocampus, cortex, thalamus, and caudate/putamen. Current medical countermeasures are only modestly effective in attenuating the seizures and neuropathology. Anticonvulsants such as benzodiazepines decrease seizure activity and improve outcome, but their efficacy depends upon the administration time after exposure to the nerve agent. Administration of benzodiazepines may increase the risk for seizure recurrence. Recent studies document long-term neurologic and behavior deficits, and technological advances demonstrate structural brain changes on magnetic resonance imaging.
Effect of chia product supplement on anthropometric measures, blood pressure, glycemic-related parameters, lipid profile and inflammatory indicators: A systematic and meta-analysis; The present comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to determine the effects of chia seed supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic factors. A systematic search was conducted for relevant studies up to June 2023. The meta-analysis included fourteen clinical trials comprising 729 participants. Sta-tistical analysis demonstrated that chia supplementation had a significant effect on SBP (SMD =-0.41; 95% CI:-0.59,-0.22), DBP (SMD =-0.41; 95% CI:-0.65,-0.17), TC (SMD =-0.30; 95% CI:-0.48,-0.13), LDL-C (SMD =-0.30; 95% CI:-0.50,-0.11), and TG (SMD =-0.20; 95% CI:-0.38,-0.02), while the analysis did not illustrate any significant effect on other factors. The heterogeneity among included studies in terms of duration, dose, and participants is a major limitation of the present study. Based on the current meta-analysis results, chia supplementation could have beneficial effects on dyslipidemia and hypertension, helping to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Endoplasmic-reticulum-stress-induced lipotoxicity in human kidney epithelial cells; Accumulation of lipids and their intermediary metabolites under endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress instigates metabolic failure, described as lipotoxicity, in the kidney. This study aimed to determine ER-stress-related sphingolipid and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) changes in human kidney cells. Tunicamycin (TM) was employed to induce ER stress and an ER stress inhibitor, tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA), was given to minimize cytotoxicity. Cell viability was determined by MTT assay. Sphingomyelin (SM), ceramide (CER), and PUFA levels were measured by LC-MS/MS. Glucose-regulated protein 78-kd (GRP78), cleaved caspase-3 and cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) levels were assessed by immunofluorescence. Cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2)), total COX, and prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)) were measured to evaluate changes in enzyme activity. Decreased cell viability was observed in TM treated cells. Administration of TUDCA following TM treatment significantly increased cell viability compared to TM treatment alone. Tunicamycin-induced ER stress was confirmed by significantly increased protein levels of GRP78. A significant increase was observed in C18-C24 CERs and caspase-3 activity, while a significant decrease occurred in sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) and cPLA(2) activity in cells treated with TM versus controls. The decrease in cPLA(2) activity was accompanied by significantly increased PUFA levels in TM treated cells. TUDCA treatment in conjunction with TM significantly decreased ER stress, C18-C24 CERs, caspase 3 activity, and increased S1P levels. Results show the buildup of long chain CERs and PUFAs in kidney cells undergoing ER stress alongside increased apoptotic activity. TUDCA administration, along with TM treatment alleviated the buildup of CERs and TM-induced apoptotic activity in kidney epithelial cells.
Eatwell Guide: modelling the dietary and cost implications of incorporating new sugar and fibre guidelines; Objectives: To model food group consumption and price of diet associated with achieving UK dietary recommendations while deviating as little as possible from the current UK diet, in order to support the redevelopment of the UK food-based dietary guidelines (now called the Eatwell Guide).
Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduces pulmonary endothelial dysfunction and inflammation due to changes in protein expression during exposure to particulate matter air pollution; Aims: Inhalation of air pollution small particle matter (PM) is a leading cause of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Exposure to PMs causes endothelial cell (EC) dysfunction as evidenced by nitric oxide (NO) synthase uncoupling, vasoconstriction and inflammation. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been shown to mitigate PM-induced adverse cardiac changes in patients receiving omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. We set out to determine the pro-inflammatory effects of multiple PMs (urban and fine) on pulmonary EC NO bioavailability and protein expression, and whether EPA restores EC function under these conditions. Methods and results: We pretreated pulmonary ECs with EPA and then exposed them to urban or fine air pollution PMs. LC/MS-based proteomic analysis to assess relative expression levels. Expression of adhesion molecules was measured by immunochemistry. The ratio of NO to peroxynitrite (ONOO-) release, an indication of eNOS coupling, was measured using porphyrinic nanosensors following calcium stimulation. Urban/fine PMs also modulated 9/12 and 13/36 proteins, respectively, linked to platelet and neutrophil degranulation pathways and caused > 50% (p < 0.001) decrease in the stimulated NO/ONOO- release ratio. EPA treatment altered expression of proteins involved in these inflammatory pathways, including a decrease in peroxiredoxin-5 and an increase in superoxide dismutase-1. EPA also increased expression of heme oxygenase-1 (HMOX1), a cytoprotective protein, by 2.1-fold (p = 0.024). EPA reduced elevations in sICAM-1 levels by 22% (p < 0.01) and improved the NO/ ONOO- release ratio by > 35% (p < 0.05). Conclusion: These cellular changes may contribute to anti-inflammatory, cytoprotective and lipid changes associated with EPA treatment during air pollution exposure.
Growth Performance, Carcass Traits and Breast Meat Fatty Acids Profile of Helmeted Guinea Fowls (Numida meleagris) Fed Increasing Level of Linseed (Linum usitatissimum) and Pumpkin Seed (Cucurbita moschata) Meals; This study was conducted to determine the effects of dietary inclusion with linseed and pumpkin seed meals on growth performance, carcass traits and breast meat fatty acids profile of helmeted guinea fowls. A total of 120 meat-type helmeted guinea fowl females of 12 weeks of age were fed with 0 (T0), 100 (T1) and 200 (T2) g/kg of linseed (LM) and pumpkin seed meals (PSM) for 56 days, in a completely randomized design with 10 replicates per treatment and four birds per replicate. The inclusion up to 200 g/kg of LM and PSM did not affect the livability, initial live weight and feed intake (p>0.05). However, final live weight and feed:gain ratio improved significantly (p<0.05). The T1 increased (p<0.05) the carcass yield and the T2 improved the breast weight and weight and yield of leg. Also, these experimental diets did not affect the carcass weight, breast yield and sensory quality of meat (p>0.05). The oleaginous seeds (LM and PSM) decreased (p<0.05) the mystic, palmitic and octadecanoic acids and the omega-6/omega-3 ratio, as well as increased the linoleic, alpha-linolenic, eicosapentanoic and docosahexanoic acids (p<0.05), but did not modify the concentration of monounsaturated fatty acids (p>0.05) and the eicosatrienoic and arachidonic acids in breast meat (p<0.05). It is recommended the inclusion of 100 g/kg of LM and PSM to improve the live weight, weight and yield of the edible portions and the essential fatty acids in breast meat of guinea fowl, without affecting the sensory quality of the meat.
Effects of camelina oil supplementation on lipid profile and glycemic control: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background: This systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to determine the effectiveness of camelina oil supplementation (COS) on lipid profiles and glycemic indices. Methods: Relevant RCTs were selected by searching the ISI Web of Science, PubMed, and Scopus databases up to July 1, 2022. RTCs with an intervention duration of less than 2 weeks, without a placebo group, and those that used COS in combination with another supplement were excluded. Weighted mean differences and 95% confidence intervals were pooled by applying a random-effects model, while validated methods examined sensitivity analyses, heterogeneity, and publication bias. Results: Seven eligible RCTs, including 428 individuals, were selected. The pooled analysis revealed that COS significantly improved total cholesterol in studies lasting more than 8 weeks and utilizing dosages lower than 30 g/d compared to the placebo group. The results of fractional polynomial modeling indicated that there were nonlinear dose-response relations between the dose of COS and absolute mean differences in low-density cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, and total cholesterol, but not triglycerides. It appears that the greatest effect of COS oil occurs at the dosage of 20 g/day. Conclusion: The present meta-analysis indicates that COS may reduce cardiovascular disease risk by improving lipid profile markers. Based on the results of this study, COS at dosages lower than 30 g/d may be a beneficial nonpharmacological strategy for lipid control. Further RCTs with longer COS durations are warranted to expand on these results.
Left ventricular ejection fraction as therapeutic target: is it the ideal marker?; Heart failure (HF) consists the fastest growing clinical cardiac disease. HF patients are categorized on the basis of underlying left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) into HF with preserved EF (HFpEF), reduced LVEF (HFrEF), and mid-range LVEF (HFmrEF). While LVEF is the most commonly used surrogate marker of left ventricular (LV) systolic function, the implementation of two-dimensional echocardiography in estimating this parameter imposes certain caveats on current HF classification. Most importantly, LVEF could fluctuate in repeated measurements or even recover after treatment, thus blunting the borders between proposed categories of HF and enabling upward classification of patients. Under this prism, we sought to summarize possible procedures to improve systolic function in patients with HFrEF either naturally or by the means of pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic treatment and devices. Therefore, we reviewed established pharmacotherapy, including beta-blockers, inhibitors of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone axis, statins, and digoxin as well as novel treatments like sacubitril-valsartan, ranolazine, and ivabradine. In addition, we assessed evidence in favor of cardiac resynchronization therapy and exercise training programs. Finally, innovative therapeutic strategies, including stem cells, xanthine oxidase inhibitors, antibiotic regimens, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, were also taken into consideration. We concluded that LVEF is subject to changes in HF after intervention and besides the aforementioned HFrEF, HFpEF, and HFmrEF categories, a new entity of HF patients with recovered LVEF should be acknowledged. An improved global and refined LV function assessment by sophisticated imaging modalities and circulating biomarkers is expected to render HF classification more accurate and indicate patients with viable-yet dysfunctional-myocardium and favorable characteristics as the ideal candidates for LVEF recovery by individualized HF therapy.
A metabolomics comparison of plant-based meat and grass-fed meat indicates large nutritional differences despite comparable Nutrition Facts panels; A new generation of plant-based meat alternatives-formulated to mimic the taste and nutritional composition of red meat-have attracted considerable consumer interest, research attention, and media coverage. This has raised questions of whether plant-based meat alternatives represent proper nutritional replacements to animal meat. The goal of our study was to use untargeted metabolomics to provide an in-depth comparison of the metabolite profiles a popular plant-based meat alternative (n=18) and grass-fed ground beef (n=18) matched for serving size (113 g) and fat content (14 g). Despite apparent similarities based on Nutrition Facts panels, our metabolomics analysis found that metabolite abundances between the plant-based meat alternative and grass-fed ground beef differed by 90% (171 out of 190 profiled metabolites; false discovery rate adjusted p<0.05). Several metabolites were found either exclusively (22 metabolites) or in greater quantities in beef (51 metabolites) (all, p<0.05). Nutrients such as docosahexaenoic acid (omega -3), niacinamide (vitamin B3), glucosamine, hydroxyproline and the anti-oxidants allantoin, anserine, cysteamine, spermine, and squalene were amongst those only found in beef. Several other metabolites were found exclusively (31 metabolites) or in greater quantities (67 metabolites) in the plant-based meat alternative (all, p<0.05). Ascorbate (vitamin C), phytosterols, and several phenolic anti-oxidants such as loganin, sulfurol, syringic acid, tyrosol, and vanillic acid were amongst those only found in the plant-based meat alternative. Large differences in metabolites within various nutrient classes (e.g., amino acids, dipeptides, vitamins, phenols, tocopherols, and fatty acids) with physiological, anti-inflammatory, and/or immunomodulatory roles indicate that these products should not be viewed as truly nutritionally interchangeable, but could be viewed as complementary in terms of provided nutrients. The new information we provide is important for making informed decisions by consumers and health professionals. It cannot be determined from our data if either source is healthier to consume.
The influence of dietary patterns on gut microbiome and its consequences for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most prevalent chronic liver disease and has great effects on quality of human life. Diets are one of the most important factors in the development of NAFLD, and in shaping gut microbiome. The role of the gut microbiota in the development of NAFLD has been increasingly studied in recent years. Therefore, the relationship among diet, the gut microbiome, and NAFLD requires discussion and clarification.
The Association of Cooking Fuel Use, Dietary Intake, and Blood Pressure among Rural Women in China; Household air pollution (HAP) from solid cooking fuels continues to affect 600 million people in China and has been associated with high blood pressure. The role of diet in HAP-associated high blood pressure has yet to be evaluated in China. The aim of this study was to estimate the impact of cooking fuel on change in blood pressure and evaluate whether intake of antioxidant- and omega-3 fatty acid-rich foods (fruits, vegetables, and seafood) attenuates any adverse effects of solid fuel use on blood pressure. We analyzed longitudinal data collected between 1991 and 2011 from nonpregnant women aged 18 to 80 years living in rural areas of China. We used linear mixed effects models to estimate the association between cooking fuel (coal or wood versus clean [electric or liquid petroleum gas]) and blood pressure. Possible mediation of the fuel effect by diet was assessed by the difference method. A total of 6671 women were included in this study. Women less than 40 years of age cooking with cleaner fuels over time had lower rates of change in systolic blood pressure compared to women cooking with coal (p= 0.004), and this effect was not mediated by dietary intake. Associations between fuel use and change in diastolic blood pressure were not significant. These findings lend further support for there being a direct effect of reducing HAP on improvements in blood pressure, independent of concurrent dietary intake.
What are the health effects of fat?; In order to answer the question which health benefits are to be expected from dietary fat, we have to differentiate between different kinds of fat with varying fatty acid composition. Saturated fatty acids are commonly judged to have a negative health impact as they lead to increased serum cholesterol levels and a higher risk of coronary heart disease. Therefore, all recommendations stress the importance to limit the intake of saturated fatty acids. Monounsaturated fatty acids, on the other hand, have a positive impact on the serum lipid profile, lead to decreased LDL-oxidation and favorably influence the metabolism of diabetics. However, it is essential that monounsaturated fatty acids be mainly supplied by plant oils like rape seed or olive oil and not by foods that are simultaneously rich in saturated fatty acids. Concerning polyunsaturated fatty acids, it is important to increase the supply of n-3 fatty acids (ratio of n-6:n-3: about 5:1) as there is substantial evidence for their protective effects. If the fatty acid composition of the diet is optimized, even a total dietary fat content of 35% of total energy intake can be adequate as long as there is enough physical activity and the diet is rich in plant-derived foods like vegetables, fruits, cereals, potatoes, beans and legumes.
<i>N</i>-oleoyldopamine, a novel endogenous capsaicin-like lipid that produces hyperalgesia; N-Arachidonoyldopamine (NADA) was recently identified as an endogenous ligand for the vanilloid type 1 receptor (VR1). Further analysis of the bovine striatal extract from which NADA was isolated indicated the existence of substances corresponding in molecular mass to N-oleoyldopamine (OLDA), N-palmitoyldopamine (PALDA), and N-stearoyldopamine (STEARDA). Quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometric analysis of bovine striatal extracts revealed the existence of OLDA, PALDA, and STEARDA as endogenous compounds in the mammalian brain. PALDA and STEARDA failed to affect calcium influx in VR1-transfected human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293 cells or paw withdrawal latencies from a radiant heat source, and there was no evidence of spontaneous pain behavior. By contrast, OLDA induced calcium influx (EC50 = 36 nM), reduced the latency of paw withdrawal from a radiant heat source in a dose-dependent manner (EC50 = 0.72 mug), and produced nocifensive behavior. These effects were blocked by co-administration of the VR1. antagonist iodo-resiniferatoxin (10 nm for HEK cells and 1 mug/50 mul for pain behavior). These findings demonstrate the existence of an endogenous compound in the brain that is similar to capsaicin and NADA in its chemical structure and activity on VR1. Unlike NADA, OLDA was only a weak ligand for rat CB1 receptors; but like NADA, it was recognized by the anandamide membrane transporter while being a poor substrate for fatty-acid amide hydrolase. Analysis of the activity of six additional synthetic and potentially endogenous N-acyldopamine indicated the requirement of a long unsaturated fatty acid chain for an optimal functional interaction with VR1 receptors.
Flax and Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review; Background. Flax is a food and dietary supplement commonly used for menopausal symptoms. Flax is known for its lignan, -linolenic acid, and fiber content, components that may possess phytogestrogenic, anti-inflammatory, and hormone modulating effects, respectively. We conducted a systematic review of flax for efficacy in improving menopausal symptoms in women living with breast cancer and for potential impact on risk of breast cancer incidence or recurrence. Methods. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and AMED from inception to January 2013 for human interventional or observational data pertaining to flax and breast cancer. Results. Of 1892 records, we included a total of 10 studies: 2 randomized controlled trials, 2 uncontrolled trials, 1 biomarker study, and 5 observational studies. Nonsignificant (NS) decreases in hot flash symptomatology were seen with flax ingestion (7.5 g/d). Flax (25 g/d) increased tumor apoptotic index (P < .05) and decreased HER2 expression (P < .05) and cell proliferation (Ki-67 index; NS) among newly diagnosed breast cancer patients when compared with placebo. Uncontrolled and biomarker studies suggest beneficial effects on hot flashes, cell proliferation, atypical cytomorphology, and mammographic density, as well as possible anti-angiogenic activity at doses of 25 g ground flax or 50 mg secoisolariciresinol diglycoside daily. Observational data suggests associations between flax and decreased risk of primary breast cancer (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 0.82; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.69-0.97), better mental health (AOR = 1.76; 95% CI = 1.05-2.94), and lower mortality (multivariate hazard ratio = 0.69; 95% CI = 0.50-0.95) among breast cancer patients. Conclusions. Current evidence suggests that flax may be associated with decreased risk of breast cancer. Flax demonstrates antiproliferative effects in breast tissue of women at risk of breast cancer and may protect against primary breast cancer. Mortality risk may also be reduced among those living with breast cancer.
Enzymatic and free radical formation of <i>cis</i>- and <i>trans</i>- epoxyeicosatrienoic acids <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>; Epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) are metabolites of arachidonic acid (AA) oxidation that have important cardioprotective and signaling properties. AA is an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) that is prone to autoxidation. Although hydroperoxides and isoprostanes are major autoxidation products of AA, EETs are also formed from the largely overlooked peroxyl radical addition mechanism. While autoxidation yields both cis- and trans-EETs, cytochrome P450 (CYP) epoxygenases have been shown to exclusively catalyze the formation of all regioisomer cis-EETs, on each of the double bonds. In plasma and red blood cell (RBC) membranes, cis-and trans-EETs have been observed, and both have multiple physiological functions. We developed a sensitive ultra-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) assay that separates cis-and trans-isomers of EETs and applied it to determine the relative distribution of cis-vs. trans-EETs in reaction mixtures of AA subjected to free radical oxidation in benzene and liposomes in vitro. We also determined the in vivo distribution of EETs in several tissues, including human and mouse heart, and RBC membranes. We then measured EET levels in heart and RBC of young mice compared to old. Formation of EETs in free radical reactions of AA in benzene and in liposomes exhibited time-and AA concentration-dependent increase and trans-EET levels were higher than cis-EETs under both conditions. In contrast, cis-EET levels were overall higher in biological samples. In general, trans-EETs increased with mouse age more than cis-EETs. We propose a mechanism for the nonenzymatic formation of cis-and trans-EETs involving addition of the peroxyl radical to one of AA's double bonds followed by bond rotation and intramolecular homolytic substitution (S(H)i). Enzymatic formation of cis-EETs by cytochrome P450 most likely occurs via a one-step concerted mechanism that does not allow bond rotation. The ability to accurately measure circulating EETs resulting from autoxidation or enzymatic reactions in plasma and RBC membranes will allow for future studies investigating how these important signaling lipids correlate with heart disease outcomes.
Plasma fatty acid profile and prooxidative-antioxidative parameters in vegetarians; Fatty acid profile in plasma was examined in 12 adult vegetarians (lacto and lacto-ovo) aged 41-63 years with an average period of vegetarian nutrition of 9.8 years. Difference in the content of saturated and monounsaturated Fatty acids in vegetarians was insignificant (compared to non-vegetarians). Positive factor of vegetarian nutritional habit with respect to atherosclerosis included significantly elevated content of linoleic acid (C 18:2) and linolenic acid (C 18:3), as well as unchanged or only slightly reduced content of polyunsaturated fatty acids - arachidonic acid (C 20:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (C 22:6, n = 3). Favourable values of prooxidative-antioxidative parameters (significantly reduced content of conjugated dienes of fatty acids in plasma, significantly higher plasma levels of vitamin C, beta-carotene, vitamin E/cholesterol - indicator of LDL protection and vitamin E/triacylglycerols - indicator of fatty acid protection) demonstrated a reduced risk of lipoperoxidation in vegetarians.
Correlations of dietary patterns with prostate health; Both genetic and environmental influences may be involved in etiology of prostate health and prostate cancer. These include ethnic origin, family history, smoking, and diet. Adiposity and excess energy intake are potentially distinct risk factors and positive associations with prostate cancer risk for both were observed among case-control and cohort studies. Some epidemiological studies support an association between dietary fat, particularly saturated or animal fats, and prostate cancer risk. Of these, several suggest reduced risk with low-fat diets high in n-3 fatty acids and increased risk with high-fat diets rich in n-6 fatty acids. Others suggested association with higher meat intake, possibly due to heterocyclic amines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, produced during grilling or frying. Positive association of prostate cancer risk with dairy intake could involve alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase activity (required for beta-oxidation of phytanic acid present in dairy products and red meat) or the suppression of vitamin D activity by calcium. Inverse associations were observed with dietary intake of plant foods. These include cereals, soy products, and fruit and vegetable sources of carotenoids. Numerous plant constituents may act synergistically in the prevention and inhibition of prostate disorders. These diet-risk associations may lead to future individualized diet recommendations based upon genetic polymorphisms.
Network Pharmacology and Molecular Docking-Based Analysis on Bioactive Anticoronary Heart Disease Compounds in <i>Trichosanthes kirilowii</i> Maxim and <i>Bulbus allii</i> Macrostemi; Trichosanthes kirilowii Maxim. and Bulbus allii Macrostemi are the components of Gualou Xiebai decoction (GLXB), a commonly used herbal combination for the treatment of coronary heart disease (CHD) in traditional Chinese medicine. Although GLXB is associated with a good clinical effect, its active compounds and mechanism of action remain unclear, which limits its clinical application and the development of novel drugs. In this study, we explored key compounds, targets, and mechanisms of action for GLXB in the treatment of CHD using the network pharmacology approach. We identified 18 compounds and 21 action targets via database screening. Enrichment analysis indicated that the effects of GLXB in patients with CHD are primarily associated with the regulation of signalling pathways for tumour necrosis factor, nuclear factor-kappa B, hypoxia-inducible factor-1, arachidonic acid metabolism, and insulin resistance. GLXB thus exerts anti-inflammatory, antihypoxic, and antiagglutinating effects; regulates lipid metabolism; and combats insulin resistance in CHD via these pathways, respectively. After reverse targeting, we observed that the main active compounds of GLXB in the treatment of CHD were quercetin, naringenin, beta-sitosterol, ethyl linolenate, ethyl linoleate, and prostaglandin B1. To explore the potential of these compounds in the treatment of CHD, we verified the affinity of the compounds and targets via molecular docking analysis. Our study provides a bridge for the transformation of natural herbs and molecular compounds into novel drug therapies for CHD.
Association of Total Marine Fatty Acids, Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids, With Aortic Stiffness in Koreans, Whites, and Japanese Americans; Few previous studies have reported the association of aortic stiffness with marine n-3 fatty acids (Fas) in the general population. The aim of this study was to determine the combined and independent associations of 2 major marine n-3 FAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), with aortic stiffness evaluated using carotidfemoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV) in Korean, white, and Japanese American men.
Safety Assessment of EPA-Rich Polar Lipid Oil Produced From the Microalgae <i>Nannochloropsis oculata</i>; Almega PL is an eicosapentaenoic acid-rich -3 oil that is isolated from Nannochloropsis oculata algae and developed as a dietary supplement. The safety of the algal oil was evaluated in 14- and 90-day studies in Sprague-Dawley rats by oral gavage at dose levels of 0, 250, 500, and 2500 mg/kg/d and 0, 200, 400, and 2000 mg/kg/d, respectively. No mortalities occurred and no signs of toxicity were observed during the studies. No treatment-related effects were seen for body weight, food consumption, ophthalmology, neurological effects, urinalysis, clinical pathology, gross pathology, organ weights, or histopathology. Although statistically significant effects were noted for some end points, none were considered to be of toxicological significance. The no observed adverse effect level for Almega PL was 2000 mg/kg/d. Additionally, Almega PL was not mutagenic in Salmonella typhimurium or Escherichia coli, did not induce chromosome aberrations in Chinese hamster ovary cells, and did not induce genotoxic effects in vivo in rat bone marrow erythrocytes.
Gene expression profiling of flaxseed in mouse lung tissues-modulation of toxicologically relevant genes; Background: Flaxseed (FS), a nutritional supplement consisting mainly of omega-3 fatty acids and lignan phenolics has potent anti-inflammatory, anti-fibrotic and antioxidant properties. The usefulness of flaxseed as an alternative and complimentary treatment option has been known since ancient times. We have shown that dietary FS supplementation ameliorates oxidative stress and inflammation in experimental models of acute and chronic lung injury in mice resulting from diverse toxicants. The development of lung tissue damage in response to direct or indirect oxidant stress is a complex process, associated with changes in expression levels of a number of genes. We therefore postulated that flaxseed might modulate gene expression of vital signaling pathways, thus interfering with the development of tissue injury.
Association Between Dietary Fat Intake and Age-Related Macular Degeneration in the Carotenoids in Age-Related Eye Disease Study (CAREDS) <i>An Ancillary Study of the Women's Health Initiative</i>; Objective: To evaluate the relationships between the amount and type of dietary fat and intermediate age-related macular degeneration (AMD).
Whole-blood fatty acids and inflammation in European children: the IDEFICS Study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Fatty acids are hypothesized to influence cardiovascular disease risk because of their effect on inflammation. The aim of this study is to assess the relationship between whole-blood fatty acids (WBFAs) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in European children.
The role of free fatty acids in the inflammatory and cardiometabolic profile in adolescents with metabolic syndrome engaged in interdisciplinary therapy; The purpose of the present study was to evaluate if interdisciplinary therapy can influence the cardiometabolic and serum free fatty acid profile. The second aim was to evaluate if there is an association between serum free fatty acids, inflammation and cardiometabolic biomarkers in obese adolescents with and without metabolic syndrome submitted to a long-term interdisciplinary therapy. The study involved 108 postpuberty obese adolescents, who were divided according to metabolic syndrome (MetS) diagnosis: MetS (n=32) and Non-MetS (n=76). The interdisciplinary therapy consisted of a 1-year period of nutrition, psychology, physical exercise and clinical support. After therapy, both groups improved metabolic, inflammatory (leptin, adiponectin, leptin/adiponectin ratio, adiponectin/leptin ratio and C-reactive protein) and cardiometabolic profile (PAI-1 and ICAM). Metabolic syndrome prevalence reduced from 28.70% to 12.96%. Both groups reduced myristic acid (C14:0) and increased docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n3), heneicosapentaenoic acid (HPA, C21:5n3) and arachidonic acid (C20:4n6). After adjustment for metabolic syndrome and the number of metabolic syndrome parameters, multiple regression analysis showed that changes in VCAM and PAI-1 were negatively associated with changes in cis-linoleic acid (C18:2n6c). Additionally, changes in trans-linoleic acid (C18:2n6t) were also positively associated with these biomarkers. Moreover, leptin and leptin/adiponectin ratio were negatively associated with changes in docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, C22:5n3) and stearidonic acid (SDA, C18:4n3). Adiponectin/leptin ratio was positively associated with docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, C22:5n3). Changes in adiponectin were positively correlated with changes in omega 3, such as heneicosapentaenoic acid (HPA, C21:5n3) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, C22:5n3). Results support that interdisciplinary therapy can control inflammatory and cardiometabolic profile in obese adolescents. Moreover, serum fatty acids can be influenced by lifestyle changes and are able to modulate these biomarkers. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Environmental Mercury Exposure and Blood Pressure Among Nunavik Inuit Adults; Epidemiological evidence suggests a negative impact of methylmercury on the cardiovascular system, but findings regarding the effect on blood pressure (BP) are not consistent. We aimed to study the impact of mercury levels on BP among Nunavik Inuit adults. The health survey Qanuippitaa? was conducted in Nunavik (northern Quebec, Canada), and data were obtained from 732 Inuit >= 18 years of age. Anthropometric blood samples, as well as systolic BP and diastolic BP, were assessed. Pulse pressure (systolic BP-diastolic BP) was calculated. Mercury blood concentration was used as a biomarker of recent exposure. Simple relations between mercury and BP parameters were studied by using the Pearson correlation, whereas multiple regressions were performed to control for confounders. Mean age of the participants was 34.3 years (95% CI: 33.6 to 34.9 years). Systolic BP, diastolic BP, and pulse pressure means were 117 mm Hg ( 95% CI: 116 to 118 mm Hg), 73 mm Hg (95% CI: 72 to 74 mm Hg), and 43 mm Hg (95% CI: 42 to 44 mm Hg), respectively. Mercury mean was 50.2 nmol/L. In multivariable analyses, mercury was associated with systolic BP (beta = 2.14; P = 0.0004), whereas the association with diastolic BP was near the significance level (beta = 0.96; P = 0.069). In conclusion, mercury is associated with increasing BP and pulse pressure among Nunavik Inuit adults after considering the effect of fish nutrients (n-3 fatty acids and selenium) and other confounders. (Hypertension. 2009; 54: 981-986.)
Predictors of upstream inflammation and oxidative stress pathways during early pregnancy; Background: Inflammation and oxidative stress are critical to pregnancy, but most human study has focused on downstream, non-causal indicators. Oxylipins are lipid mediators of inflammation and oxidative stress that act through many biological pathways. Our aim was to characterize predictors of circulating oxylipin concentrations based on maternal characteristics. Methods: Our study was conducted among 901 singleton pregnancies in the LIFECODES Fetal Growth Study, a nested case-cohort with recruitment from 2007 to 2018. We measured a targeted panel of oxylipins in early pregnancy plasma and urine samples from several biosynthetic pathways, defined by the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) precursor and enzyme group. We evaluated levels across predictors, including characteristics of participants' pregnancy, socioeconomic determinants, and obstetric and medical history. Results: Current pregnancy and sociodemographic characteristics were the most important predictors of circulating oxylipins concentrations. Plasma oxylipins were lower and urinary oxylipins higher for participants with a later gestational age at sampling (13-23 weeks), higher prepregnancy BMI (obesity class I, II, or III), Black or Hispanic race and ethnicity, and lower socioeconomic status (younger age, lower education, and uninsured). For example, compared to those with normal or underweight prepregnancy BMI, participants with class III prepregnancy obesity had 45-46% lower plasma epoxy-eicosatrienoic acids, the anti-inflammatory oxylipins produced from arachidonic acid (AA) by cytochrome P450, and had 81% higher urinary 15-series F2-isoprostanes, an indicator of oxidative stress produced from non-enzymatic AA oxidation. Similarly, in urine, Black participants had 92% higher prostaglandin E2 metabolite, a pro-inflammatory oxylipin, and 41% higher 5-series F2isoprostane, an oxidative stress indicator. Conclusions: In this large pregnancy study, we found that circulating levels of oxylipins were different for participants of lower socioeconomic status or of a systematically marginalized racial and ethnic groups. Given associations differed along biosynthetic pathways, results provide insight into etiologic links between maternal predictors and inflammation and oxidative stress.
Rapid cellular enrichment of eicosapentaenoate after a single intravenous injection of a novel medium-chain triacylglycerol: fish-oil emulsion in humans; Background: Dietary deficiency in n23 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) prevails in Western populations and potentially results in adverse health outcomes. To circumvent the slow n23 PUFA incorporation in phospholipids of key cells after oral supplementation, a new preparation for intravenous bolus injection was developed with 20 g triacylglycerols/100 mL of a mixture of 80% medium-chain triacylglycerols (MCTs) and 20% fish oil (FO) (wt:wt), and 0.4 g alpha-tocopherol/100 mL of the same mixture.
Atrial fibrillation: primary prevention, secondary prevention, and prevention of thromboembolic complications: part 1; Atrial fibrillation (AF), is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia. It was once thought to be benign as long as the ventricular rate was controlled, however, AF is associated with significant cardiac morbidity and mortality. Increasing life expectancy driven by improved health care and decreased fertility rates has, in most of the world, resulted in the population aged & GE;65 years growing more rapidly than the overall population. As the population ages, projections suggest that the burden of AF may increase more than 60% by 2050. Although considerable progress has been made in the treatment and management of AF, primary prevention, secondary prevention, and prevention of thromboembolic complications remain a work in progress. This narrative review was facilitated by a MEDLINE search to identify peer-reviewed clinical trials, randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, and other clinically relevant studies. The search was limited to English-language reports published between 1950 and 2021. Atrial fibrillation was searched via the terms primary prevention, hyperthyroidism, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, catheter ablation, surgical ablation, hybrid ablation, stroke prevention, anticoagulation, left atrial occlusion and atrial excision. Google and Google scholar as well as bibliographies of identified articles were reviewed for additional references. In these two manuscripts, we discuss the current strategies available to prevent AF, then compare noninvasive and invasive treatment strategies to diminish AF recurrence. In addition, we examine the pharmacological, percutaneous device and surgical approaches to prevent stroke as well as other types of thromboembolic events.
Dietary Intake and Its Determinants Among Adults Living in the Metropolitan Area of Puerto Rico; There is scarce information regarding the dietary intake of adults living in Puerto Rico (PR). We aimed to assess intake of nutrients and foods, adherence to recommended intake of nutrients and diet quality, and sociodemographic and lifestyle factors correlated with diet quality among adults in the San Juan metropolitan area of PR. Data were obtained from participants of the cross-sectional convenience-sample Puerto Rico Assessment of Diet, Lifestyle, and Diseases (n = 248; ages 30-75 years). Diet quality was defined using the Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI; range 0-110 indicating lower-higher quality). Linear regression models were used to relate AHEI to sociodemographic and lifestyle factors. Most participants met the Estimated Average Requirement (EAR) for iron, folate, and vitamins B12 and B6; 61% met the EAR for magnesium and 56% for calcium. Only 4% met the EAR for vitamin D, and 7% met the adequate intake for potassium. The main contributors to total energy intake were sugary beverages (11.8%), sweets/desserts (10.2%), dairy (8.5%), mixed dishes (7.6%), starches (6.3%), fast foods (5.5%), and rice (4.9%). The mean (SD) AHEI score was 59.8 (11.0). The lowest AHEI components for which recommended servings were met were red/processed meats, fruit, sodium, sugary beverages, and polyunsaturated fats, and the highest were nuts/legumes, omega-3 fats, and whole grains. Significantly higher AHEI scores were noted for older adults, other ethnicities (vs. Puerto Rican), being single, having some college or higher education, and never/formerly smoking. Adults living in PR report healthy and unhealthy dietary intakes, providing an opportunity to improve diet at the population level.
Processed pork is the most frequently consumed type of pork in a survey of Australian children; Pork represents a core food that provides key nutrients to the diet. Dietary guidelines recommend limiting processed meat intake because of adverse health outcomes. The aims of this study were to describe pork consumption, assess the contribution of pork to nutrient intakes, and compare anthropometric characteristics between pork consumers and nonconsumers in a survey of Australian children. We hypothesized that pork consumption will contribute to intakes of key nutrients and that the weight status of children who consume pork will be similar to nonconsumers. This study involved a secondary analysis of the 2007 Australian National Children's Nutrition and Physical Activity Survey. Pork and pork-containing dishes were identified and classified as fresh or processed pork. The contributions of pork to nutrient intakes were calculated. Weight, waist circumference, and body mass index were compared between pork consumers and nonconsumers. Data from 4487 children were available for use. Of this sample, 2245 reported consuming pork, 14% (n = 310) of whom consumed fresh pork, whereas 93% (n = 2084) consumed processed pork. All types of pork contributed to intakes of protein, niacin, and zinc. In addition, fresh pork contributed to intakes of thiamine, long-chain omega-3, phosphorous, and potassium. Total and processed pork contributed 12.2% and 13.0% of sodium, respectively. There were no significant differences between weight, waist circumference, and body mass index in consumers and nonconsumers of total, fresh, or processed pork. In a survey of Australian children, processed pork was the most frequently consumed form of pork, suggesting a deviation from dietary guidelines. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Regulation of the orexigenic neuropeptide, enkephalin, by PPARδ and fatty acids in neurons of the hypothalamus and forebrain.; Ingestion of a high-fat diet composed mainly of the saturated fatty acid, palmitic (PA), and the unsaturated fatty acid, oleic (OA), stimulates transcription in the brain of the opioid neuropeptide, enkephalin (ENK), which promotes intake of substances of abuse. To understand possible underlying mechanisms, this study examined the nuclear receptors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), and tested in hypothalamic and forebrain neurons from rat embryos whether PPARs regulate endogenous ENK and the fatty acids themselves affect these PPARs and ENK. The first set of experiments demonstrated that knocking down PPAR delta, but not PPAR alpha or PPAR gamma, increased ENK transcription, activation of PPAR6 by an agonist decreased ENK levels, and PPAR delta neurons coexpressed ENK, suggesting that PPAR6 negatively regulates ENK. In the second set of experiments, PA treatment of hypothalamic and forebrain neurons had no effect on PPAR6 protein while stimulating ENK mRNA and protein, whereas OA increased both mRNA and protein levels of PPAR6 in forebrain neurons while having no effect on ENK mRNA and increasing ENK levels. These findings show that PA has a strong, stimulatory effect on ENK and weak effect on PPAR6 protein, whereas OA has a strong stimulatory effect on PPAR6 and weak effect on ENK, consistent with the inhibitory effect of PPAR6 on ENK. They suggest a function for PPAR delta, perhaps protective in nature, in embryonic neurons exposed to fatty acids from a fat-rich diet and provide evidence for a mechanism contributing to differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids on neurochemical systems involved in consummatory behavior.
Clinical approach to the inflammatory etiology of cardiovascular diseases; Inflammation is an obligatory marker of arterial disease, both stemming from the inflammatory activity of cholesterol itself and from well-established molecular mechanisms. Raised progenitor cell recruitment after major events and clonal hematopoiesis related mechanisms have provided an improved understanding of factors regulating inflammatory phenomena. Trials with inflammation antagonists have led to an extensive evaluation of biomarkers such as the high sensitivity C reactive protein (hsCRP), not exerting a causative role, but frequently indicative of the individual cardiovascular (CV) risk. Aim of this review is to provide indication on the anti-inflammatory profile of agents of general use in CV prevention, i.e. affecting lipids, blood pressure, diabetes as well nutraceuticals such as n-3 fatty acids. A crucial issue in the evaluation of the benefit of the anti-inflammatory activity is the frequent discordance between a beneficial activity on a major risk factor and associated changes of hsCRP, as in the case of statins vs PCSK9 antagonists. In hypertension, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors exert an optimal anti-inflammatory activity, vs the case of sartans. The remarkable preventive activity of SLGT-2 inhibitors in heart failure is not associated with a clear anti-inflammatory mechanism. Finally, icosapent ethyl has been shown to reduce the CV risk in hypertriglyceridemia, with a 27 % reduction of hsCRP. The inflammation-based approach to arterial disease has considerably gained from an improved understanding of the clinical diagnostic strategy and from a better knowledge on the mode of action of numerous agents, including nutraceuticals.
Maternal Dietary Factors and the Risk of Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Systematic Review of Existing Evidence; Prenatal maternal diet is a critical factor in offspring neurodevelopment. Emerging evidence suggests that prenatal diet may also play a role in the etiology autism spectrum disorder (ASD). This review summarizes studies published in English that examined prenatal nutrients or maternal diet in association with ASD from PubMed as of July 2020. Thiry-six studies from nine countries were included in this systematic review; these focused on multivitamin (n= 5), prenatal vitamin (n= 3), folic acid (FA;n= 14), Vitamin D (n= 11), polyunsaturated fatty acid or fish/supplement intake (n= 7), iron (n= 3), Vitamin B12 (n= 1), calcium (n= 1), magnesium (n= 1), and broad maternal dietary habits (n= 3). Overall, higher or moderate intake of prenatal/multivitamin, FA, and Vitamin D was associated with reductions in odds of ASD, though results have not been uniform and there is a need to clarify differences in findings based on biomarkers versus reported intake. Evidence was inconclusive or insufficient for other nutrients. Differences in the timing and measurement of these dietary factors, as well as potential residual confounding, may contribute to existing discrepancies. Key areas for future research to better understand the role of maternal diet in ASD include the need to address potential critical windows, examine the combined effect of multiple nutrients, and consider interactions with genetic or environmental factors. Lay Summary Maternal diet during pregnancy is important for child neurodevelopment. We reviewed 36 studies examining maternal diet and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and found that prenatal vitamin/multivitamin use and adequate intake of folic acid and Vitamin D were each associated with lower likelihood of having a child with ASD. Future studies on these and other dietary factors are needed to better understand the role of maternal diet in the development of ASD.
<i>Mfat-1</i> ameliorates cachexia after hypoxic-ischemic brain damage in mice by protecting the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis; Aims: Cachexia, a metabolic syndrome, affects 21 % of patients suffering from ischemic encephalopathy. However, the specific mechanism and prevention measures are still unclear. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been proven to reduce inflammatory cytokine levels during ischemic events, but whether they have a protective effect against cachexia after hypoxic-ischemic brain damage (HIBD) remains unclear.Main methods: C57BL/6J wild-type and mfat-1 transgenic male mice were treated with and without HIBD. One day after HIBD, the epididymal white fat, gastrocnemius muscle and hypothalamus were weighed and analyzed the phenotypic changes. RNA sequencing was applied to gastrocnemius muscle to identify differential genes and pathways in HIBD groups. The effect of HPA axis on cachexia post-HIBD was examined via adrenalectomy, dexamethasone (0.1 mg/kg), and corticosterone injection (100 mg/kg).Key findings: The results showed that the incidence of cachexia in mfat-1 mice, which produce high proportion of n-3 PUFAs, was significantly lower than that in wild-type mice post-HIBD. Cachexia-related factors, such as inflammation, muscle atrophy and lipid metabolism were significantly improved in mfat-1 HIBD. RNA sequencing revealed that catabolic and proteasome pathways were significantly downregulated. In hypothalamus, inflammatory cytokines, lipid peroxidation levels were reduced. Corticosterone, glucocorticoid receptor, and dexamethasone suppression test all showed that mfat-1 improved the dysfunction of the HPA axis post-HIBD. The present study elucidated for the first time that mfat-1 reduced HIBD-induced hyperactivation of the HPA axis in mice by reducing inflammation and oxidative stress and contributed to the reduction of metabolic imbalance in peripheral tissues.Significance: Our study provides mechanistic information for the development of intervention strategies to prevent cachexia.
Nutritional issues in patients with cancer; Cancer is a catabolic inflammatory disease that causes patients to often experience weight loss, or even cachexia in severe cases. Undernourishment in patients with cancer impairs the quality of life and therapeutic response, further leading to poor prognosis. Active and frequent nutritional screening and assessment using valid tools are important for fast and appropriate nutritional intervention. Additionally, a suitable individualized nutritional intervention strategy should be established based on the nutritional assessment result. In general, nutritional intervention begins with nutritional counseling of patients diagnosed with cancer, and a well-planned nutritional counseling improves the treatment adherence and nutritional status. When planning nutritional supplementation for cancer patients, specific nutrients, including amino acids and fatty acids, should be considered. However, there has been no consistent result showing that any particular nutrient significantly improves the prognosis of cancer patients. Hence, continuous attention from clinical physicians is needed to plan nutritional improvement in patients with cancer.
Wünderlich's syndrome in a haemodialysis patient; Wunderlich's syndrome, or spontaneous renal haemorrhages, are rare, atraumatic, intraparenchymal and perirenal haemorrhages, which are difficult to diagnose and can be potentially fatal.Patients who are dialysis-dependent are at an increased risk of bleeding, due to an association between uraemia and platelet dysfunction; for this reason, the use of double antiplatelets is avoided in this cohort. Case studies exist demonstrating spontaneous bleeds in these patients.Fish oil is used increasingly within medicine: however, it is known to interfere with platelet aggregation, therefore, theoretically increasing the tendency to bleed. The topic remains under debate, with systemic reviews refuting a correlation between intraoperative and postoperative bleeding and fish oil consumption. There is, however, an absence of literature on the adverse effects of fish oil when taken in large quantities.This case study explores the case of a patient who had a spontaneous renal bleed following a large, self-medicated dose of fish oil.
Mercury Exposure in Young Adulthood and Incidence of Diabetes Later in Life The CARDIA Trace Element Study; OBJECTIVE-Laboratory studies suggest that exposure to methylmercury at a level similar to those found in fish may induce pancreatic islet beta-cell dysfunction. Few, if any, human studies have examined the association between mercury exposure and diabetes incidence. We examined whether toenail mercury levels are associated with incidence of diabetes in a large prospective cohort.
The effect of dietary hempseed on atherogenesis and contractile function in aortae from hypercholesterolemic rabbits; Hempseed contains a unique combination of both omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. In other studies, supplementation of the diet with selected polyunsaturated fatty acids has induced significant, beneficial cardiovascular effects. The purpose of the present study is to determine if hempseed ingestion over an 8-week period may provide protection to rabbits against the deleterious effects associated with dietary cholesterol supplementation.
Ether lipid deficiency disrupts lipid homeostasis leading to ferroptosis sensitivity; Ferroptosis is an iron-dependent form of regulated cell death associated with uncontrolled membrane lipid peroxidation and destruction. Previously, we showed that dietary dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA; 20: 3(n-6)) triggers ferroptosis in the germ cells of the model organism, Caenorhabditis elegans. We also demonstrated that ether lipid-deficient mutant strains are sensitive to DGLA-induced ferroptosis, suggesting a protective role for ether lipids. The vinyl ether bond unique to plasmalogen lipids has been hypothesized to function as an antioxidant, but this has not been tested in animal models. In this study, we used C. elegans mutants to test the hypothesis that the vinyl ether bond in plasmalogens acts as an antioxidant to protect against germ cell ferroptosis as well as to protect from whole-body tert-butyl hydroperoxide (TBHP)-induced oxidative stress. We found no role for plasmalogens in either process. Instead, we demonstrate that ether lipid-deficiency disrupts lipid homeostasis in C. elegans, leading to altered ratios of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) content in cellular membranes. We demonstrate that ferroptosis sensitivity in both wild type and ether-lipid deficient mutants can be rescued in several ways that change the relative abundance of saturated fats, MUFAs and specific polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Specifically, we reduced ferroptosis sensitivity by (1) using mutant strains unable to synthesize DGLA, (2) using a strain carrying a gain-of-function mutation in the transcriptional mediator MDT-15, or (3) by dietary supplementation of MUFAs. Furthermore, our studies reveal important differences in how dietary lipids influence germ cell ferroptosis versus whole-body peroxide-induced oxidative stress. These studies highlight a potentially beneficial role for endogenous and dietary MUFAs in the prevention of ferroptosis.
Precursor fractions of neurotensin and enkephalin might point to molecular mechanisms of cancer risk modulation during a lifestyle-intervention in germline <i>BRCA1/2</i> gene mutation carriers; Background Germline BRCA1/2 mutation carriers (gBMC) face increased cancer risks that are modulated via non-genetic lifestyle factors whose underlying molecular mechanisms are unknown. The peptides Neurotensin (NT) and Enkephalin (ENK)-involved in tumorigenesis and obesity-related diseases-are of interest. We wanted to know whether these biomarkers differ between gBMC and women from the general population and what effect a 1-year lifestyle-intervention has in gBMC. Methods The stable precursor fragments pro-NT and pro-ENK were measured at study entry (SE), after 3 and 12 months for 68 women from LIBRE-1 (a controlled lifestyle-intervention feasibility trial for gBMC involving structured endurance training and the Mediterranean Diet). The SE values were compared with a cohort of the general population including female subjects with and without previous cancer disease, non-suggestive for hereditary breast and ovarian cancer (OMA-reference). For LIBRE-1, we analysed the association between the intervention-related change in the two biomarkers and certain lifestyle factors. Results At SE, gBMC had a higher median pro-NT than OMA-reference (in the subgroups with previous cancer 117 vs. 91 pmol/L, p = 0.002). Non-diseased gBMC had lower median pro-ENK levels when compared to the non-diseased reference group. VO2peak and pro-NT 1-year change in LIBRE-1 were inversely correlated (r = - 0.435; CI - 0.653 to - 0.151; p = 0.004). Pro-ENK correlated positively with VO2peak at SE (r = 0.323; CI 0.061-0.544; p = 0.017). Regression analyses showed an inverse association of 1-year changes for pro-NT and Omega-6/Omega-3 (Estimate: - 37.9, p = 0.097/0.080) in multivariate analysis. Conclusion Our results give first indications for lifestyle-related modification particularly of pro-NT in gBMC.
Fatty acid status of women of reproductive age; Objective: Healthy foetal and infant development is dependent on an adequate maternal supply of essential and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). While there are published data on the fatty acid status of pregnant women, there are few on the status of non-pregnant women of reproductive age. The aims of this study were to test the hypotheses that the fatty acid status of non-pregnant women is affected by socio-economic status and anthropometric, behavioural and obstetric factors.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Plasma N6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Within the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology Consortium; Background-Omega6 (n6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and their metabolites are involved in cell signaling, inflammation, clot formation, and other crucial biological processes. Genetic components, such as variants of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) genes, determine the composition of n6 PUFAs.
Quality of diet is associated with insulin resistance in the Cree (<i>Eeyouch</i>) indigenous population of northern Quebec; Background and aims: Indigenous people worldwide have a greater disease burden than their non-aboriginal counterparts with health challenges that include increased obesity and higher prevalence of diabetes. We investigate the relationships of dietary patterns with nutritional biomarkers, selected environmental contaminants and measures of insulin resistance in the Cree (Eeyouch) of northern Quebec Canada.
Epoxy fatty acids mediate analgesia in murine diabetic neuropathy; Background: Neuropathic pain is a debilitating condition with no adequate therapy. The health benefits of omega-3 fatty acids are established, however, the role of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in limiting pain has only recently been described and the mechanisms of this action remain unknown. DHA is metabolized into epoxydocosapentanoic acids (EDPs) via cytochrome P450 (CYP450) enzymes which are substrates for the soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) enzyme. Here, we tested several hypotheses; first, that the antinociceptive action of DHA is mediated by the EDPs. Second, based on evidence that DHA and CYP450 metabolites elicit analgesia through opioid signalling, we investigated this as a possible mechanism of action. Third, we tested whether the analgesia mediated by epoxy fatty acids had similar rewarding effects as opioid analgesics.
Cytochrome P450 Drives a HIF-Regulated Behavioral Response to Reoxygenation by <i>C</i>. <i>elegans</i>; Oxygen deprivation followed by reoxygenation causes pathological responses in many disorders, including ischemic stroke, heart attacks, and reperfusion injury. Key aspects of ischemia-reperfusion can be modeled by a Caenorhabditis elegans behavior, the O2-ON response, which is suppressed by hypoxic preconditioning or inactivation of the O-2-sensing HIF (hypoxia-inducible factor) hydroxylase EGL-9. From a genetic screen, we found that the cytochrome P450 oxygenase CYP-13A12 acts in response to the EGL-9-HIF-1 pathway to facilitate the O2-ON response. CYP-13A12 promotes oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids into eicosanoids, signaling molecules that can strongly affect inflammatory pain and ischemia-reperfusion injury responses in mammals. We propose that roles of the EGL-9-HIF-1 pathway and cytochrome P450 in controlling responses to reoxygenation after anoxia are evolutionarily conserved.
Resolvin E1 Regulates Adenosine Diphosphate Activation of Human Platelets; Objective-To investigate the ability of resolvin E1 (RvE1) to regulate adenosine diphosphate (ADP) activation of platelets via specific receptors because RvE1 reduces platelet aggregation with certain agonists, including ADP.
Omega-9 Oleic Acid, the Main Compound of Olive Oil, Mitigates Inflammation during Experimental Sepsis; The Mediterranean diet, rich in olive oil, is beneficial, reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Olive oil is mostly composed of the monounsaturated fatty acid omega-9. We showed omega-9 protects septic mice modulating lipid metabolism. Sepsis is initiated by the host response to infection with organ damage, increased plasma free fatty acids, high levels of cortisol, massive cytokine production, leukocyte activation, and endothelial dysfunction. We aimed to analyze the effect of omega-9 supplementation on corticosteroid unbalance, inflammation, bacterial elimination, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma expression, an omega-9 receptor and inflammatory modulator. We treated mice for 14 days with omega-9 and induced sepsis by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP). We measured systemic corticosterone levels, cytokine production, leukocyte and bacterial counts in the peritoneum, and the expression of PPAR gamma in both liver and adipose tissues during experimental sepsis. We further studied omega-9 effects on leukocyte rolling in mouse cremaster muscle-inflamed postcapillary venules and in the cerebral microcirculation of septic mice. Here, we demonstrate that omega-9 treatment is associated with increased levels of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 and decreased levels of the proinflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta in peritoneal lavage fluid of mice with sepsis. Omega-9 treatment also decreased systemic corticosterone levels. Neutrophil migration from circulation to the peritoneal cavity and leukocyte rolling on the endothelium were decreased by omega-9 treatment. Omega-9 also decreased bacterial load in the peritoneal lavage and restored liver and adipose tissue PPAR gamma expression in septic animals. Our data suggest a beneficial anti-inflammatory role of omega-9 in sepsis, mitigating leukocyte rolling and leukocyte influx, balancing cytokine production, and controlling bacterial growth possibly through a PPAR gamma expression-dependent mechanism. The significant reduction of inflammation detected after omega-9 enteral injection can further contribute to the already known beneficial properties facilitated by unsaturated fatty acid-enriched diets.
Influence of Flaxseed Lignan Supplementation to Older Adults on Biochemical and Functional Outcome Measures of Inflammation; Evidence from the literature suggests that dietary flaxseed lignans have the ability to modulate inflammation, which is recognized as the underlying basis of multiple chronic human diseases in older adults. Our objective was to determine the effects of oral lignan supplementation on biochemical and functional indicators of inflammation as well as safety and tolerability in older healthy adults. We designed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in older healthy adults (60-80years) to assess flaxseed lignan-enriched complex (approximate to 38% secoisolariciresinol diglucoside [SDG]; 600mg SDG dose) oral supplementation effects on biochemical and functional indicators of inflammation and safety and tolerability in older healthy adults after 6months of once-daily oral administration. The clinical trial confirmed that plasma concentration of total flaxseed lignans (free and conjugated forms) secoisolariciresinol (SECO), enterodiol (ED), and enterolactone (ENL) were significantly associated with daily oral supplementation of flaxseed lignan-enriched complex (p < 0.05). A significant decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP; from a mean of 155 +/- 13mm Hg at baseline to 140 +/- 11mm Hg at 24weeks) was observed in lignan-supplemented participants stratified into an SBP 140mm Hg subcategory (p = 0.04). No differences were found between treatment or placebo groups in terms of cognition, pain, activity, physical measurements (calf, waist, and upper arm circumstances), and grip strength. With respect to blood inflammatory markers, lipid profiles, and biochemical parameters, no significant differences were found between treatment and placebo groups at the end of the 6-month supplementation. No adverse effects were reported during supplementation. These data further support the safety and tolerability of long-term flaxseed lignan-enriched complex supplementation in older adults and identify an ability to favorably modulate SBP, an important risk factor in cardiovascular disease.
Differential effects of various fish proteins in altering body weight, adiposity, inflammatory status, and insulin sensitivity in high-fat-fed rats; Mounting evidence suggests that the benefits of fish consumption are not limited to the well-appreciated effects of omega-3 fatty acids. We previously demonstrated that cod protein protects against the development of diet-induced insulin resistance. The goal of this study was to determine whether other fish protein sources present similar beneficial effects. Rats were fed a high-fat, high-sucrose diet containing protein from casein or fish proteins from bonito, herring, mackerel, or salmon. After 28 days, oral glucose tolerance tests or hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps were performed; and tissues and plasma were harvested for biochemical analyses. Despite equal energy intake among all groups, the salmon-protein-fed group presented significantly lower weight gain that was associated with reduced fat accrual in epididymal white adipose tissue. Although this reduction in visceral adiposity was not associated with improved glucose tolerance, we found that whole-body insulin sensitivity for glucose metabolism was improved using the very sensitive hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp technique. Importantly, expression of both tumor necrosis factor-a and interleukin-6 was reduced in visceral adipose tissue of all fish-protein-fed groups when compared with the caseinfed control group, suggesting that fish proteins carry anti-inflammatory properties that may protect against obesity-linked metabolic complications. Interestingly, consumption of the salmon protein diet was also found to raise circulating salmon calcitonin levels, which may underlie the reduction of weight gain in these rats. These data suggest that not all fish protein sources exert the same beneficial properties on the metabolic syndrome, although anti-inflammatory actions appear to be common. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Transcriptomic analysis suggested the involvement of impaired lipid droplet biogenesis in graphene oxide-induced cytotoxicity in human umbilical vein endothelial cells; Previous studies revealed that direct contact with graphene oxide (GO) induced cytotoxic effects, but the importance of involvement of metabolic pathways, in particular lipid metabolism pathways, might be overlooked. In this study, human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were exposed to GO with large size (denoted as GO-L) or small size (denoted as GO-S), and transcriptomics were used to understand the mechanisms of cytotoxicity of GO at systemic levels. It was shown that GO-L more significantly induced cytotoxicity compared with GO-S. Transcriptomic analysis revealed that compared with GO-S, GO-L had larger impact on gene ontology terms related with mitochondrial function as well as Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways related with cell death and growth. But GO-S showed greater influence on KEGG pathways related with lipid metabolism. Both types of GO showed minimal impact on oxidative stress but increased de novo lipogenesis protein fatty acid synthase (FASN). However, only GO-S significantly promoted acyl-CoA synthetase 3 (ACSL3), a key enzyme responsible for esterification of free fatty acids and lipid droplet biogenesis. Not surprisingly, GO-L but not GO-S impaired lipid droplet biogenesis, and increasing lipid levels by oleic acid or a-linolenic acid reduced the cytotoxicity of GO-L to HUVECs. Combined, the results from this study suggested that impaired lipid droplet biogenesis was involved in GO-induced cytotoxicity in HUVECs, and inducing lipid droplet biogenesis could prevent the cytotoxicity of GO.
Metabolomic profiling of human serum in lung cancer patients using liquid chromatography/hybrid quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry and gas chromatography/mass spectrometry; Lung cancer is one of the most common causes of death from cancer. Serum markers that enable diagnosis of the disease in the early stage have not been found.
Importance of Fatty Acid Compositions in Patients with Peripheral Arterial Disease; Objective: Importance of fatty acid components and imbalances has emerged in coronary heart disease. In this study, we analyzed fatty acids and ankle-brachial index (ABI) in a Japanese cohort.
INHIBITION OF GABA-GATED CHLORIDE CHANNEL FUNCTION BY ARACHIDONIC-ACID; The effects of arachidonic acid and its metabolites on gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(A)) receptor function were determined in rat cerebral cortical synaptoneurosomes. Incubation of synaptoneurosomes with phospholipase A2 decreased muscimol-induced Cl-36- uptake. Arachidonic acid, the major unsaturated fatty acid released by phospholipase A2, also inhibited muscimol-induced Cl-36 uptake. Similar inhibition was obtained with other unsaturated fatty acids (docosahexaenoic, oleic) but not with saturated fatty acids (stearic, palmitic). The effect of arachidonic acid on muscimol responses was inhibited by bovine serum albumin (BSA), and BSA enhanced muscimol responses directly, indicating the generation of endogenous arachidonic acid in the synaptoneurosome preparation. The generation of endogenous arachidonic acid was also indicated by the ability of 2 inhibitors of arachidonic acid metabolism, indomethacin and nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA), to inhibit muscimol-induced Cl-36 uptake. We conclude that arachidonic acid probably has both direct and indirect actions on muscimol responses since both enzyme inhibitors inhibited muscimol responses but did not prevent the effect of exogenously added arachidonic acid. In additional experiments, arachidonic acid metabolites generated by cyclooxygenase, prostaglandins D2, E2 and F2-alpha, each decreased muscimol responses; prostaglandins F2-alpha was the most potent inhibitor. Since the unsaturated fatty acids and their metabolites are most susceptible to peroxidation, a generating system of superoxide radicals was tested on muscimol responses. A combination of xanthine and xanthine oxidase inhibited muscimol-induced Cl-36 uptake in a concentration-dependent manner. We propose that the inhibition of GABA, neurotransmission by arachidonic acid and its metabolites can lead to increased neuronal excitability. This mechanism may play an important role in the development of neuronal damage following seizures or
TUMORICIDAL ACTION OF CIS-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP TO FREE-RADICALS AND LIPID-PEROXIDATION; Cis-unsaturated fatty acids (c-UFAs) such as gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), arachidonic acid (AA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) can kill tumor cells selectively in vitro.  As c-UFAs have the ability to augment free radical generation, the effect of antioxidants, free radical quenchers and augmentors of free radical generation such as iron and copper salts on fatty acid-induced tumor cell death was studied.  In addition, the role of lipid peroxidation in the tumoricidal action of c-UFAs was also examined.  Results indicate that vitamin E, uric acid, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase and ATP can block, whereas iron, copper and catalase enhance the tumoricidal action of GLA.  The ability of GLA, AA and EPA to kill tumor cells correlated with the amount of lipid peroxidation these fatty acids can induce as measured by thiobarbituric acid test.  It was also observed that C-14-labelled linoleic acid uptake was almost the same whereas that of C-14-labelled arachidonic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid were substantially less in tumor cells compared to normal cells.  Tumor cells incorporated major portions of the fatty acids in the ether lipid and phospholipid fractions, whereas normal cells incorporated the fatty acids primarily in the phospholipid fraction.  These results suggest that c-UFA-induced tumoricidal action is a free radical dependent process and that there are significant differences between normal and tumor cells in fatty acid uptake and distribution.
Vegetarianism and veganism: not only benefits but also gaps. A review; Background and aim of the work. The main Food Choice Motives (FCMs) of vegetarianism and veganism are supported by ethical, health, ecological and pleasure motivations, but also family and cultural traditions play a definite role. A better health achievement is usually the first goal of turning vegetarians, on the reports that ischemic heart, circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and some cancer were significantly lower in vegetarians and vegans than in omnivores. In this review, we investigate the main reasons that lead to the choice of an increasingly common lifestyle, such as vegetarianism and veganism and the pros & cons of this choice. Methods. We reviewed studies focused on vegetarian and vegan diets, and included articles published between 1975 and 2015. We searched Pubmed/Medline using the terms "vegetarianism", "veganism", "benefits" and "diseases", alone or combined. This review aims at describing vegetarian and vegan diets, discussing current knowledge about motivations for pursuing this diet, clinical benefits and limitations. Results. Vegetarian and vegan diets are low in n-3 PUFA, proteins, calcium, zinc, iron, vitamins B12 and D. Conclusions. Different guidelines for vegetarian and especially vegan diets have been settled based on the need to fortify foods with molecules that are reduced or missing in these diets.
Alterations in the Gut Microbiome in Liver Recipients with Post-Transplant Diabetes Mellitus; Post-transplant diabetes mellitus (PTDM) increases the risk of graft failure and death in liver transplant (LT) recipients. Experimental studies have indicated that enteric dysbiosis mediated by immunosuppressive tacrolimus (TAC) could contribute to glucose disorders, but no data on human recipients with PTDM have been reported. Here, by combining high-throughput shotgun metagenomics sequencing and metabolomics profiling, we characterized the intestinal microbiome (IM) in LT recipient cohort with or without PTDM and deciphered the potential relationship among IM, TAC dosage, and diabetes. By comparing with both non-PTDM and classical type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), we identified microbial signatures of PTDM, which was characterized by the enriched Proteobacteria and decreased Bacteroidetes. Additionally, the altered microbes, as well as the microbial metabolomics, correlated with the dosage of TAC. Specifically, the levels of beneficial microbes associated with PTDM were lowered in recipients with the high TAC trough concentrations (> 5 ng center dot mL(-1)) than those with low ones (< 5 ng center dot mL(-1)), which was accompanied by reduced faecal metabolites involved in the biosynthesis of a-linolenic acid and arachidonic acid-lowering factors of developing T2DM. Moreover, these microbial signatures linked with the extent of glucose disorders in LT recipients. In summary, the faecal microbiome and metabolome differed between PTDM and non-PTDM patients, which were linked with TAC dosage. This study was the first to explore taxonomic alterations and bacterial gene functions to better understand the contribution of the IM to PTDM.
Effect of a Mediterranean-style diet on endothelial dysfunction and markers of vascular inflammation in the metabolic syndrome - A randomized trial; Context The metabolic syndrome has been identified as a target for dietary therapies to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease; however, the role of diet in the etiology of the metabolic syndrome is poorly understood.
A.S.P.E.N. Clinical Guidelines: Nutrition Support of Neonatal Patients at Risk for Necrotizing Enterocolitis; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is one of the most devastating diseases in the neonatal population, with extremely low birth weight and extremely preterm infants at greatest risk. Method: A systematic review of the best available evidence to answer a series of questions regarding nutrition support of neonates at risk of NEC was undertaken and evaluated using concepts adopted from the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation working group. A consensus process was used to develop the clinical guideline recommendations prior to external and internal review and approval by the A.S.P.E.N. Board of Directors. Results/Conclusions: (1) When and how should feeds be started in infants at high risk for NEC? We suggest that minimal enteral nutrition be initiated within the first 2 days of life and advanced by 30 mL/kg/d in infants >= 1000g. (Weak) (2) Does the provision of mother's milk reduce the risk of developing NEC? We suggest the exclusive use of mother's milk rather than bovine-based products or formula in infants at risk for NEC. (Weak) (3) Do probiotics reduce the risk of developing NEC? There are insufficient data to recommend the use of probiotics in infants at risk for NEC. (Further research needed.) (4) Do nutrients either prevent or predispose to the development of NEC? We do not recommend glutamine supplementation for infants at risk for NEC (Strong). There is insufficient evidence to recommend arginine and/or long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for infants at risk for NEC. (Further research needed.) (5) When should feeds be reintroduced to infants with NEC? There are insufficient data to make a recommendation regarding time to reintroduce feedings to infants after NEC. (Further research needed.) (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2012;36:506-523)
Increased PUFA levels in kidney epithelial cells in the course of diclofenac toxicity; This study evaluated polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in human kidney epithelial cells exposed to diclofenac (DCL) toxicity. Kidney cells were treated with DCL to induce cytotoxicity and thymoquinone (TQ) was administered to decrease cytotoxic effects. Levels of arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4n-6), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA, C20:3n-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n-3) were determined by liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2)), cyclooxygenase 1 (COX-1) and prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)) were measured to evaluate changes in enzyme activity. Immunofluorescence staining and western blot analysis was performed to determine protein levels of COX- 1. Renal cell toxicity was accomplished by DCL and was alleviated by TQ treatment. Diclofenac significantly increased all measured PUFAs while pretreatment with TQ decreased PUFA levels in DCL treated cells. Cytosolic PLA(2) and total COX activity was significantly decreased in DCL treated cells. Immunofluorescence staining and western blot analysis confirmed significantly decreased COX-1 levels in DCL and DCL + TQ treated groups. The results of this study reveal that DCL treatment is associated with accumulation of PUFAs in kidney cells. We suggest that PUFA accumulation in DCL toxicity might be a consequence of both cPLA(2) and COX-1 inhibition. Thymoquinone administration, along with DCL treatment alleviated the buildup of PUFAs and DCL-induced cell death in kidney cells.
Autonomic tone as a cardiovascular risk factor: The dangers of chronic fight or flight; Chronic imbalance of the autonomic nervous system is a prevalent and potent risk factor for adverse cardiovascular events, including mortality. Although not widely recognized by clinicians, this risk factor is easily assessed by measures such as resting and peak exercise heart rate, heart rate recovery after exercise, and heart rate variability. Any factor that leads to inappropriate activation of the sympathetic nervous system can be expected to have an adverse effect on these measures and thus on patient outcomes, while any factor that augments vagal tone tends to improve outcomes. Insulin resistance, sympathomimetic medications, and negative psychosocial factors all have the potential to affect autonomic function adversely and thus cardiovascular prognosis. Congestive heart failure and hypertension also provide important lessons about the adverse effects of sympathetic predominance, as well as illustrate the benefits of beta-blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, 2 classes of drugs that reduce adrenergic tone. Other interventions, such as exercise, improve cardiovascular outcomes partially by increasing vagal activity and attenuating sympathetic hyperactivity.
Quality Evaluation of Processed Cheese Made From Milk of Ewes Fed Diets Supplemented With <i>Moringa Oleifera</i> or <i>Echniacea Purpurea</i>; Ewe's diets supplementation with dried Moringa Oleifera or Echniacea Purpurea leaves impact on the nutritional characteristics of the processed cheese was studied. Nine lactating ewes were randomly divided into three groups of three animals each, using a completely random design. The control group (C) was fed the basic diet consisting of 30% CFM and 70% berseem. The second and third groups were fed control diet + 15 g dried leaves of Moringa Oleifera (MOR) or Echinacea Purpurea (ECH) for each kg dry matter of the control diet, respectively. After four weeks, the collected milk from each group was pooled and made into processed cheese. It was noted that the supplemented diets with MOR and ECH increased (P < 0.05) the conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and decreased (P > 0.05) the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio in the processed cheese. All additives decreased (P > 0.05) the total saturated fatty acids (TSFA) but improve (P > 0.05) the unsaturated fatty acids (TUFA). Physical properties of processed cheese were not affected by MOR and ECH addation. Addition of healthy herbal plants (MOR and ECH) to ewe's diets not only enhances the health and animal productivity, but also improves the chemical composition and nutritional value of the processed cheese made from the treated ewe's milk.
Overview of systematic reviews of non-pharmacological interventions in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; BACKGROUND Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a major contributor to subfertility, diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women. The role of non-pharmacological interventions to prevent these outcomes has been reported in many systematic reviews, but robust conclusions have not been made due to variations in the scope, quality and findings of these reviews.
Maternal nutrition & low birth weight - what is really important?; The prevalence of low birth weight (LBW) is higher in Asia than elsewhere, predominantly because of undernutrition of the mother prior to and during pregnancy. There are qualitative differences in dietary requirements during early and late pregnancy - micronutrients and proteins required in early pregnancy, and calories and other nutrients later. A paradigm shift from efforts to improve size at birth, to efforts to improve foetal growth and development might provide fresh insight into the problem. Micronutrient deficiencies during pregnancy have been shown to have serious implications on the developing foetus. Nearly half the pregnant women still suffer from varying degree of anaemia, with the highest prevalence in India, which also has the highest number of maternal deaths in the Asian region. Of specific concern is compliance with iron supplementation, cultural beliefs regarding diet in pregnancy, and the issue of nutrition supplementation and fortification. The coexistence of risk of LBW or intra uterine growth retardation (IUGR) associated with essential fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and vitamin B12 intake or status observed in the Indian sub-continent also requires further examination. There is a significant protective effect of higher maternal education (beyond high school). Optimal weight gain during pregnancy and a desirable foetal outcome may be a result of synergisitic effects of improved food intake, food supplementation, improved micronutrient intake, education and the environment of the pregnant woman and her family.
Non-hormonal alternatives for the management of menopausal hot flushes. Postmenopausal women management : CNGOF and GEMVi clinical practice guidelines; One of the major symptoms of climacteric syndrome is hot flushes (HF). They are most often experienced as very disabling. Estrogen therapy is the most effective treatment. However, it may be contraindicated in some women. The aim of this article is to provide a review of the scientific literature on pharmacological and non pharmacological alternatives in this context. Only randomized trials and meta-analyses of randomized trials were considered. This review shows that some treatments usually used in non-gynecological or endocrinological disease have significant effect in reducing the frequency and/or severity of HF. Hence, some selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (paroxetine, citalopram and escitalopram), serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (venlafaxine, desvenlafaxine) gabapentin, pregabalin and clonidine have a statistically effect as compared with placebo in reducing, the frequency and/or severity of HF. Some phytoestrogens, such as genistein, may also reduce the frequency of HF. Regarding non-pharmacological interventions, hypnosis, acupuncture or yoga have been analyzed with significant beneficial results, even if their evaluation is difficult by the absence of a good placebo group in most trials. By contrast, other approaches, both pharmacological or non-pharmacological, appear to be ineffective in the management of HT. These include homeopathy, vitamin E, alanine, omega 3, numerous phytoestrogens (red clover, black cohosh...), primrose oil, physical activity. In women suffering from breast cancer, several additional problems are added. On the one hand because all phytoestrogens are contraindicated and on the other hand, in patients using tamoxifen, because the molecules, that interact with CYP2D6, are to be formally avoided because of potential interaction with this anti-estrogen treatment. In conclusion, several pharmacological and non-pharmacological alternatives have significant efficacy in the management of severe HF. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome: an intriguing overlapping; Metabolic syndrome is an increasing pathology in adults and in children, due to a parallel rise of obesity. Sedentary lifestyle, food habits, cultural influences and also a genetic predisposition can cause dyslipidemia, hypertension, abdominal obesity and insulin resistance which are the two main features of metabolic syndrome. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a condition directly associated with obesity, insulin resistance (HOMA index) and metabolic syndrome, and it is very interesting for its relationship and overlap with the metabolic syndrome. The relationship between the two syndromes is mutual: PCOS women have a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome and also women with metabolic syndrome commonly present the reproductive/endocrine trait of PCOS. Prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome and PCOS are similar for various aspects. It is necessary to treat excess adiposity and insulin resistance, with the overall goals of preventing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and improving reproductive failure in young women with PCOS. First of all, lifestyle changes, then pharmacological therapy, bariatric surgery and laparoscopic ovarian surgery represent the pillars for PCOS treatment.
<i>APOE</i> genotype influences insulin resistance, apolipoprotein CII and CIII according to plasma fatty acid profile in the Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic markers associated with the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) may be affected by interactions between the APOE genotype and plasma fatty acids (FA). In this study, we explored FA-gene interactions between the missense APOE polymorphisms and FA status on metabolic markers in MetS. Plasma FA, blood pressure, insulin sensitivity and lipid concentrations were determined at baseline and following a 12-week randomized, controlled, parallel, dietary FA intervention in 442 adults with MetS (LIPGENE study). FA-APOE gene interactions at baseline and following change in plasma FA were assessed using adjusted general linear models. At baseline E4 carriers had higher plasma concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (apo B) compared with E2 carriers; and higher TC, LDL-C and apo B compared with E3/E3. Whilst elevated plasma n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) was associated with a beneficially lower concentration of apo CIII in E2 carriers, a high proportion of plasma C16:0 was associated with insulin resistance in E4 carriers. Following FA intervention, a reduction in plasma long-chain n-3 PUFA was associated with a reduction in apo CII concentration in E2 carriers. Our novel data suggest that individuals with MetS may benefit from personalized dietary interventions based on APOE genotype.
Consumption of a functional oil rich in phytosterols and medium-chain triglyceride oil improves plasma lipid profiles in men; Medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) have been proposed as weight-lowering agents, although there is some concern regarding their hyperlipidemic effect. This study evaluates the effects of a combination of MCT oil, phytosterols and flaxseed oil [functional oil (FctO)] on plasma lipid concentrations and LDL particle size. Twenty-four healthy overweight men (body mass index 28.2 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) consumed controlled diets designed to maintain weight for two periods of 29 d each. Diets contained 40% of energy as fat, 75% of which was added fat, either FctO or olive oil (OL). Body composition and blood samples were analyzed at the baseline and the endpoint of each period. Total cholesterol concentration decreased 12.5% (-0.68 mmol/L; P < 0.05) when subjects consumed FctO and 4.7% when they consumed OL. Similarly, FctO consumption lowered LDL cholesterol concentrations by 13.9%, whereas OL consumption did not. There was no difference in absolute change in LDL-cholesterol between FctO and OL consumption. Peak LDL particle size was greater in those who consumed FctO than in those who consumed OL (P < 0.05), with no effect of diet on proportion of large, medium or small particles. We conclude that those who consume a diet containing FctO have a better lipid profile than those who consume a diet rich in OL, which also leads to a larger lipoprotein particle size. Functional oil consumption can therefore help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. J. Nutt. 133: 1815-1820, 2003.
A regulatory insertion-deletion polymorphism in the FADS gene cluster influences PUFA and lipid profiles among Chinese adults: a population-based study; Background: Arachidomc acid (AA) is the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) substrate for potent eicosanoid signaling to modulate inflammation and thrombosis and is controlled in part by tissue abundance. Fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1) catalyzes synthesis of omega-6 (n-6) AA and n-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). The rs66698963 polymorphism, a 22-base pair (bp) insertion-deletion 137 bp downstream of a sterol regulatory element in FADS2 intron 1, mediates expression of FADS1 in vitro, as well as exerting positive selection in several human populations. The associations between the polymorphism rs66698963 and plasma PUFAs as well as disease phenotypes are unclear.
Dietary fatty acids and coronary heart disease; The effects of dietary fats have been established in epidemiological and intervention studies and through relationship to risk factors for development of coronary heart disease (CHD). During a period where the impressive effects of hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitors on the mortality of CHD dominate the medical journals, it is important to realize the major effects of dietary fatty acids on a series of events included in the multifactorial disorder of CHD.
Effect of high dietary intakes of vitamin E and n-3 HUFA on immune responses and resistance to <i>Edwardsiella tarda</i> challenge in Japanese flounder (<i>Paralichthys olivaceus</i>, Temminck and Schlegel); A feeding experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of high dietary intake of vitamin E (supplied as (DL)-alpha-tocopheryl acetate) and n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acid (n-3 HUFA) on the non-specific immune response and disease resistance in Japanese flounder Paralichthys olivaceus. Nine practical diets were formulated to contain one of three levels of vitamin E namely, 0, 80 or 200 mg kg(-1) (the total alpha-tocopherol contents in the diets were 21, 97 and 213 mg kg(-1) based on analysis), and at each vitamin E level with one of three n-3 HUFA levels i.e. 0.5%, 1.5% or 2.0%. Each diet was randomly assigned to triplicate groups of Japanese flounder (initial body weight: 40.5 +/- 1.0 g, mean +/- SD) in a re-circulation rearing system. Fish were fed twice daily to apparent satiation at 07:00 and 18:00 hours for 12 weeks. During the experimental period, water temperature was maintained at 18 +/- 1 degrees C, salinity 31-35 g L-1, and pH 7.8-8.2. Dissolved oxygen was not less than 6 mg L-1, and there were negligible levels of free ammonia and nitrite. The results showed that the increase in dietary n-3 HUFA from 0.5% to 1.0% significantly decreased muscle alpha-tocopherol contents in fish-fed diets with 21 and 97 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) diet (P < 0.05). In 1.0% HUFA groups, alternative complement pathway activity (ACH(50)) of fish fed the diet containing the 213 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) diet was significantly higher than noted for fish fed the diet containing 97 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) diet (P < 0.05). Fish fed the diet with 213 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) and 2.0% n-3 HUFA had the highest lysozyme activity (131.7 U mL(-1)) among all the dietary treatments. Fish fed the diets containing 97 and 213 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) with 1.0% n-3 HUFA had significantly higher respiratory burst activity than those fed the diets containing 21 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) with 0.5 and 1.0% n-3 HUFA (P < 0.05). In the disease resistance experiment, high intake of dietary vitamin E with 213 mg alpha-tocopherol kg(-1) significantly decreased cumulative mortality and delayed the days to first mortality after a 7-day Edwardsiella tarda challenge (P < 0.05). In addition, under the experimental conditions, dietary vitamin E and n-3 HUFA had a synergistic effect on the non-specific immune responses and disease resistance in Japanese flounder (P < 0.05).
Effects of flaxseed consumption on systemic inflammation and serum lipid profile in hemodialysis patients with lipid abnormalities; Inflammation and lipid abnormalities are two important risk factors for cardiovascular disease in hemodialysis (HD) patients. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of flaxseed consumption on systemic inflammation and serum lipid profile in HD patients with lipid abnormalities. This was an unblinded, randomized clinical trial. Thirty HD patients with dyslipidemia (triglyceride >200mg/dL and/or high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) <40mg/dL) were randomly assigned to either a flaxseed or control group. Patients in the flaxseed group received 40g/day ground flaxseed for 8 weeks, whereas patients in the control group received their usual diet, without any flaxseed. At baseline and at the end of week 8, 7mL of blood was collected after a 12- to 14-hour fast and serum concentrations of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-C, and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured. Serum concentrations of triglyceride (P<0.01), total cholesterol (P<0.01), LDL-C (P<0.01), and CRP (P<0.05) decreased significantly in the flaxseed group at the end of week 8 compared with baseline, whereas serum HDL-C showed a significant increase (P<0.01). These changes in the flaxseed group were significant in comparison with the control group. The study indicates that flaxseed consumption improves lipid abnormalities and reduces systemic inflammation in HD patients with lipid abnormalities.
Pulmonary rehabilitation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: Androgenotherapy, why? For whom? How?; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) combines the deleterious effects of chronic hypoxia, chronic inflammation, insulin-resistance, increased energy expenditure, muscle wasting, and exercise deconditioning. As for other chronic disorders, loss of fat-free mass decreased survival. The preservation of muscle mass and function, through the protection of the mitochondrial oxidative metabolism, is an important challenge in the management of COPD patients. As the prevalence of the disease is increasing and the medical advances make COPD patients live longer, the prevalence of COPD-associated nutritional disorders is expected to augmentation in future decades. Androgenopenia, or hypogonadism, defined by free testosterone plasma concentrations below 50 pg/mL, is observed in 40% of COPD patients. Due to the stimulating effects of androgens on muscle anabolism, androgenopenia favors loss of muscle mass. Studies, including one recent meta-analysis, indicate that androgen substitution could improve body mass index and fat-free mass as well as quality of life in COPD patients, but, alone, was insufficient to improve lung function. Two multicentric randomized clinical trials have shown that the association of androgen therapy with physical exercise and oral nutritional supplements containing omega-3 polyinsaturated fatty acids in the context of pulmonary rehabilitation, during at least three months, is associated with an improved clinical outcome and survival. These approaches are optimized in the field of pulmonary rehabilitation, which is the reference therapy of COPD-associated undernutrition. (C) 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Peroxidized unsaturated fatty acids stimulate Toll-like receptor 4 signaling in endothelial cells; Aim: Although unsaturated fatty acids are assumed to be protective against inflammatory disorders that include a pathway involving Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) activation, they might actually be toxic because of their high susceptibility to lipid peroxidation. Here we studied the effects of peroxidized unsaturated fatty acids on the TLR4-nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B pathway in endothelial cells.
Fatty Acid Profile of Bovine Milk Naturally Enhanced with Docosahexaenoic Acid; Recent studies have shown that the fatty acid profile of dietary lipid has the potential for improving the health of consumers. The present study was conducted to determine the fatty acid composition of commercial milks, namely, Dairy-Oh! Homo-Milk (DOHM), which is naturally enhanced with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), or regular Homo-Milk (HM). The milk was collected from local supermarkets. The most abundant saturated fatty acids in the milk were butyric (C4:0), lauric (Cl 2:0), myristic (Cl 4:0), palmitic (Cl 6:0), and stearic (Cl 8:0) acids. Among unsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid (cis-9-C18:1) was also considerably high (502.7 mg/100 mL of milk). The concentration of total trans-18:1 was higher (P < 0.05) in DOHM than in HM (134.7 vs; 107.0 mg/100 mL of milk, respectively), whereas total cis-18:1 was higher (P < 0.05) in HM than in DOHM (566.4 vs 508.4 mg/100 mL of milk, respectively). The concentration of DHA was 24.0 times higher (P < 0.05) in DOHM than in HM. DOHM contained 2.8 times higher (P < 0.05) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) compared to HM. Milk fat from DOHM contained a greater concentration of cis-9,trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA, 16.4 vs 11.6 mg/100 mL of milk, DOHM vs HM, respectively). The total omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids content was 2.23 times greater (P < 0.05) in DOHM compared with HM, due to an increase in C18:3n-3, EPA, and DHA. The result of the milk fatty acid analyses indicates that milk fat from DOHM had increased contents of EPA, DHA, and cis-9,trans-11 CLA, which could have a more favorable impact on diet composition and healthfulness.
Effects of Canola Oil Consumption on Lipid Profile: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Clinical Trials; Hyperlipidemia is a well- known risk factor of cardiovascular disease. A healthy diet containing vegetable oils such as canola oil (CO) may help to reduce serum lipids. This study aimed to quantify the effects of CO on lipid parameters using a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, ProQuest, and Embase were systematically searched until December 2017, with no time and design restrictions. Also, a manual search was performed to find extra relevant articles. Lipid parameters including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1), and apolipoprotein B (Apo B) were entered the meta-analysis. Weighed mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were stated as the effect size. Sensitivity analyses and prespecified subgroup were conducted to evaluate potential heterogeneity. Twenty-seven trials, comprising 1359 participants, met the eligibility criteria. Results of this study showed that CO consumption significantly reduced TC (-7.24 mg/dl, 95% CI, -12.1 to -2.7), and LDL (-6.4 mg/dl, 95% CI, -10.8 to -2), although it had no effects on HDL, TG, Apo B, and Apo A1. Effects of CO on TC and LDL significantly decreased after CO consumption in subgroups of >50 years of age participants and >30 intervention duration subgroup. Moreover, CO decreased LDL and TC compared to sunflower oil and saturated fat. This meta-analysis suggested that CO consumption improves serum TC and LDL, which could postpone heart disease progression. Key Teaching Points CO consumption could decrease serum TC and LDL, although it had no effects on other blood lipids. There was an overall significant effect of canola oil on TC and LDL compared to sunflower oil and saturated fats. CO could have beneficial effects on serum TC and LDL just when consumed longer than 30 days. CO consumption improved lipid profiles in participants older than 50 years.
Cod liver oil, other dietary supplements and survival among cancer patients with solid tumours; The effect of various dietary supplements on chronic diseases and mortality has been widely studied, but few convincing results have emerged from studies in well-nourished populations. In Norway, both cod liver oil and other dietary supplements are frequently used. In the Norwegian Women and Cancer cohort study, we explored if supplement use before diagnosis affected survival of cancer patients with solid tumours. We performed Cox proportional hazards analyses, adjusting for age at diagnosis, smoking and stage. Cod liver oil was the most frequently used dietary supplement, followed by multivitamins and -minerals. Whole year daily use of cod liver oil was associated with lower risk of death in patients with solid tumours [RR = 0.77 (95% CI 0.61-0.97)] and in lung cancer patients [RR=0.56 (95% CI 0.344.92)]. Also daily and occasional use of other dietary supplements decreased the risk of death among lung cancer patients [RR = 0.70 (95% CI 0.49-0.99) and 0.55 (95% CI 0.31-0.97)]. More research is needed to clarify the association; meanwhile adjustment for dietary supplement use should be performed in survival analyses of lung cancer patients. (C) 2009 UICC
Fast-food and commercial baked goods consumption and the risk of depression; Objective: Whereas the relationship between some components of diet, such as n-3 fatty acids and B-vitamins, and depression risk has been extensively studied, the role of fast-food or processed pastries consumption has received little attention.
Plasma lipoxin A<sub>4</sub> and resolvin D1 are not associated with reduced adenoma risk in a randomized trial of aspirin to prevent colon adenomas; Inflammation plays a major role in colon carcinogenesis. Endogenously produced specialized proresolving lipid mediators (SPMs) play a central role in inflammation and tissue homeostasis, and have been implicated in carcinogenesis. We studied the associations of plasma levels of two SPMs [lipoxin A(4) (LXA(4)) and resolvin D1(RvD1)] with risk for recurrent adenoma. In this pilot study, we used data and biosamples from an adenoma chemoprevention study investigating the effects of aspirin and/or folic acid on the occurrence of colorectal adenomas. In the parent study, 1121 participants with a recent adenoma were randomized to study agents to be taken until the next surveillance colonoscopy about 3 years later. In this pilot study, LXA(4) and RvD1 from samples taken near the end of study treatment were measured in a randomly selected sub-set of 200 participants. Commercially available ELISA kits to assay the analytes were validated using a metabololipidomic LC-MS/MS assay. Poisson regression with a robust error variance was used to calculate risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Plasma LXA(4) and RvD1 were not associated with the risk of adenoma occurrence. LXA(4) at the end of study follow-up was 32% (P=0.01) proportionately higher in women compared to men. A similar non-significant trend toward higher levels among women was observed for RvD1. Our preliminary findings provided no evidence that plasma LXA(4) or RvD1 are associated with reduced risk of colorectal adenoma occurrence, but suggest LXA(4) may differ among men and women. Future studies focusing on SPM's local effects and levels in the colon are needed.
Evaluation of Breast Lipid Composition in Patients with Benign Tissue and Cancer by Using Multiple Gradient-Echo MR Imaging; Purpose: To demonstrate the feasibility of the use of a rapid, non-invasive, in vivo imaging method to measure fatty acid fractions of breast adipose tissue during diagnostic breast magnetic resonance (MR) examinations and to investigate associations between fatty acid fractions in breast adipose tissue and breast cancer status by using this method.
Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacities and fatty acids profile of 18 alpine plants available as forage for yaks on the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau; Traditionally, yaks (Poephagus grunniens) raised on the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau graze only natural pasture and much of their diet consists of sedges, in particular Kobresia spp. These ruminants are subjected to an extremely harsh environment of strong UV radiation, hypoxia and severe cold, which can lead to high oxidative stress. Consequently, it was predicted that sedges would contain high concentrations of functional antioxidants when compared with other alpine plants, and that this would help them survive the harsh conditions. To test the prediction, 18 alpine plants on the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau, which are available to yaks as forage, were examined. These plants, including four sedges, five grasses, five forbs and four shrubs, were analysed for gross constituents, Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity, phenol content, and fatty acids composition. Based on their Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity, the 18 plants were divided into three groups: low, medium and high. Three of the four sedges were ranked in the medium group and one in the low group, whereas three of four shrubs were ranked in the high group. The total phenol content of the plants ranged between 1.1 and 12.4g gallic acid equivalents per 100g DM, with the shrubs containing the highest concentrations. The prediction that sedges would contain higher antioxidant capacity than other alpine plants was not supported. It was concluded that other factors such as anti-nutritional contents and biomass availability are also important in determining dietary selection in yaks.
Dietary management of dyslipidaemias. Is there any evidence for cardiovascular benefit?; Specific dietary strategies are the mainstay of management in most cases of dyslipidaemia, prior to or simultaneously with the initiation of a lipid-lowering agent. The exact approach differs according to the type of dyslipidaemia. In particular, a reduction in carbohydrates (mainly foods with a high glycaemic index) and their substitution with mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids is the main strategy in patients with high levels of triglycerides (Tg) and/or low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c). A reduction in saturated and trans fatty acids, combined with an increased intake of specific dietary components, such as plant sterols, soy protein and red yeast rice, constitutes the more efficacious dietary approach in cases where levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) are elevated. A reduction in excessive body weight is beneficial in every type of dyslipidaemia, whereas increased physical activity is mostly effective in cases with low HDL-c and high Tg levels. With respect to the potential cardiovascular benefit of these dietary interventions, there is currently evidence for the Mediterranean diet. Potential benefit may derive also from single dietary components of that diet, such as legumes, fruits, vegetables, nuts and omega-3 fatty acids, although to a lesser extent than with that general dietary pattern. The purpose of this review is to outline current knowledge regarding the recommended specific dietary pattern according to the type of dyslipidaemia and the evidence for the potential cardiovascular benefits of such approaches.
Diets and Cellular-Derived Microparticles: Weighing a Plausible Link With Cerebral Small Vessel Disease; Cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) represents a spectrum of pathological processes of various etiologies affecting the brain microcirculation that can trigger neuroinflammation and the subsequent neurodegenerative cascade. Prevalent with aging, CSVD is a recognized risk factor for stroke, vascular dementia, Alzheimer disease, and Parkinson disease. Despite being the most common neurodegenerative condition with cerebrocardiovascular axis, understanding about it remains poor. Interestingly, modifiable risk factors such as unhealthy diet including high intake of processed food, high-fat foods, and animal by-products are known to influence the non-neural peripheral events, such as in the gastrointestinal tract and cardiovascular stress through cellular inflammation and oxidation. One key outcome from such events, among others, includes the cellular activations that lead to elevated levels of endogenous cellular-derived circulating microparticles (MPs). MPs can be produced from various cellular origins including leukocytes, platelets, endothelial cells, microbiota, and microglia. MPs could act as microthrombogenic procoagulant that served as a plausible culprit for the vulnerable end-artery microcirculation in the brain as the end-organ leading to CSVD manifestations. However, little attention has been paid on the potential role of MPs in the onset and progression of CSVD spectrum. Corroboratively, the formation of MPs is known to be influenced by diet-induced cellular stress. Thus, this review aims to appraise the body of evidence on the dietary-related impacts on circulating MPs from non-neural peripheral origins that could serve as a plausible microthrombosis in CSVD manifestation as a precursor of neurodegeneration. Here, we elaborate on the pathomechanical features of MPs in health and disease states; relevance of dietary patterns on MP release; preclinical studies pertaining to diet-based MPs contribution to disease; MP level as putative surrogates for early disease biomarkers; and lastly, the potential of MPs manipulation with diet-based approach as a novel preventive measure for CSVD in an aging society worldwide.
Inverse relation between levels of anti-oxidized-LDL antibodies and eicosapentanoic acid (EPA); Oxidative modification of LDL is thought to play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. Susceptibility of LDL to peroxidation may partly depend on the compositional characteristics of the antioxidant and fatty acid content. The aim of this study was to examine the association between levels of antibodies to oxidized LDL and the various serum fatty acids in women. A total of 465 women aged 18-65 years were selected randomly from the adult population census of Pizarra, a town in southern Spain. Measurement of anti-oxidized-LDL was done by ELISA and the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was determined by GC. The levels of anti-oxidized-LDL antibodies were significantly related with age (r -0.341, P < 0.001), BMI (r -0.239, P < 0.001), waist:hip ratio (r -0.285, P < 0.001), glucose (r -0.208, P < 0.001), cholesterol (r -0.243, P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (r -0.185, P=0.002), EPA (r -0.159, P=0.003), DHA (r -0.121, P=0.026), and the sum of the serum phospholipid n-3 PUFA (r -0.141, P=0.009). Multiple regression analysis showed that the variables that explained the behaviour of the levels of anti-oxidized-LDL antibodies were age (P < 0.001) and the serum phospholipid EPA (P < 0.001). This study showed that the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids, and especially the percentage of EPA, was inversely related with the levels of anti-oxidized-LDL antibodies.
Serum non-esterified fatty acid levels and hip fracture risk: The Cardiovascular Health Study; Among elderly participants from the Cardiovascular Health Study, we found that non-esterified trans fatty acid levels had a significant prospective association with hip fracture risk. Other non-esterified fatty acid classes were not associated with hip fracture risk. Introduction Serum non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) are bioactive metabolic intermediates that can be taken up by bone tissue. Their associations with hip fracture risk have not been previously examined. Methods Thirty-five individual NEFAs in five classes (saturated [SFA], mono-un-saturated [MUFA], poly-unsaturated n-6 and n-3 [PUFA], and trans-FA) were measured in Cardiovascular Health Study participants (n = 2139, mean age 77.8 years) without known diabetes. The multivariable associations of NEFA levels with hip fracture risk were evaluated in Cox hazards models. Results We documented 303 incident hip fractures during 11.1 years of follow-up. Among the five NEFA classes, total trans FA levels were positively associated with higher hip fracture risk (HR 1.17 [95% CI, 1.04, 1.31; p = 0.01] per one standard deviation higher level). The SFA lignoceric acid (24:0) was positively associated with higher risk (HR 1.09 [1.04, 1.1]; p < 0.001), while behenic (22:0) and docosatetraenoic (22:4 n6) acids were associated with lower risk (HR 0.76 [0.61, 0.94]; p = 0.01; 0.84 [0.70, 1.00]; p = 0.05, respectively). Conclusion Total plasma trans NEFA levels are related to hip fracture risk, suggesting an unrecognized benefit of their systematic removal from food. Novel associations of individual NEFAs with hip fracture risk require confirmation in other cohort studies.
The nutritional value of algae grown under different culture conditions for <i>Mytilus edulis</i> L-larvae; Continuous cultures of Skeletonema costatum, Chaetoceros muelleri, Rhinomonas reticulata and Pavlova lutheri were subjected to phosphorus or nitrogen limitation at two light intensities in order to manipulate their biochemical composition. They were then fed to Mytilus edulis larvae over a 2-week period, and the larval growth and mortality were assessed. All monospecific diets supported growth, sometimes equal to or better than a control diet containing a mixture of species (R. reticulata and P. lutheri). Survival was not affected by the diets but significantly better larval growth was obtained with low-light, nitrogen-limited or non-nutrient-limited cells of S. costatum and high-light, nitrogen-limited or low-light cells of C. muelleri grown under no limitation or nitrogen limitation. High-light phosphorus-limited or low-light non-nutrient-limited R. reticulata cells and high- light phosphorus-limited cells of P. lutheri were also superior in relation to their counterparts. A novel computer-aided image analysis technique was used for measuring the length of the larvae. A multidimensional model was used in an effort to correlate algal biochemical components with larval growth. Some fatty acids were found to be significant in determining the algal nutritional value, with protein and carbohydrate playing a secondary "modifying" role. In P. lutheri, the 16:0 and saturated fatty acids (SAFA) were significantly positively correlated with larval growth while the contrary was found for dietary n - 3 fatty acids, suggesting their strong negative effect on larval growth. Similar results were found in R. reticulata, although in this case, both protein and carbohydrate content were found to determine the algal nutritional value concurrently with some fatty acids. In the other two diatoms, S. costatum and C. muelleri, no consistent relationship could be established, thus suggesting that either there is a species-specific relationship or that other components are important in determining the algal nutritional value. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
TRAMP Prostate Tumor Growth Is Slowed by Walnut Diets Through Altered IGF-1 Levels, Energy Pathways, and Cholesterol Metabolism; Dietary changes could potentially reduce prostate cancer morbidity and mortality. Transgenic adenocarcinoma of the mouse prostate (TRAMP) prostate tumor responses to a 100 g of fat/kg diet (whole walnuts, walnut oil, and other oils; balanced for macronutrients, tocopherols [alpha-and gamma]) for 18 weeks ad libitum were assessed. TRAMP mice (n=17 per group) were fed diets with 100 g fat from either whole walnuts (diet group WW), walnut-like fat (diet group WLF, oils blended to match walnut's fatty acid profile), or as walnut oil (diet group WO, pressed from the same walnuts as WW). Fasted plasma glucose was from tail vein blood, blood was obtained by cardiac puncture, and plasma stored frozen until analysis. Prostate (genitourinary intact [GUI]) was weighed and stored frozen at -80 degrees C. Plasma triglyceride, lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma multianalyte levels (Myriad RBM Rat Metabolic MAP), prostate (GUI), tissue metabolites (Metabolon, Inc., Durham, NC, USA), and mRNA (by Illumina NGS) were determined. The prostate tumor size, plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), high density lipoprotein, and total cholesterol all decreased significantly (P<.05) in both WW and WO compared to WLF. Both WW and WO versus WLF showed increased insulin sensitivity (Homeostasis Model Assessment [HOMA]), and tissue metabolomics found reduced glucose-6-phosphate, succinylcarnitine, and 4-hydroxybutyrate in these groups suggesting effects on cellular energy status. Tissue mRNA levels also showed changes suggestive of altered glucose metabolism with WW and WO diet groups having increased PCK1 and CIDEC mRNA expression, known for their roles in gluconeogenesis and increased insulin sensitivity, respectively. WW and WO group tissues also had increased MSMB mRNa a tumor suppressor and decreased COX-2 mRNA, both reported to inhibit prostate tumor growth. Walnuts reduced prostate tumor growth by affecting energy metabolism along with decreased plasma IGF-1 and cholesterol. These effects are not due to the walnut's N-3 fatty acids, but due to component(s) found in the walnut's fat component.
Usefulness of Icosapent Ethyl (Eicosapentaenoic Acid Ethyl Ester) in Women to Lower Triglyceride Levels (Results from the MARINE and ANCHOR Trials); There are limited data on the efficacy and safety of triglyceride (TG)-lowering agents in women. We conducted subgroup analyses of the effects of icosapent ethyl (a high-purity prescription form of the ethyl ester of the omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid) on TG levels (primary efficacy variable) and other atherogenic and inflammatory parameters in a total of 215 women with a broad range of TG levels (200-2000 mg/dl) enrolled in two 12-week placebo-controlled trials: MARINE (n = 18; placebo, n = 18) and ANCHOR (n = 91; placebo, n = 88). Icosapent ethyl 4 g/day significantly reduced TG levels from baseline to week 12 versus placebo in both MARINE (-22.7%; p = 0.0327) and ANCHOR (-21.5%; p <0.0001) without increasing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Significant improvements were also observed in non high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in MARINE (-15.7%; p = 0.0082) and ANCHOR (-14.2%; p <0.0001) and total cholesterol levels in MARINE (-14.9%; p = 0.0023) and ANCHOR (-12.1%; p <0.0001), along with significant increases of >500% in eicosapentaenoic acid levels in plasma and red blood cells (all p <0.001). Icosapent ethyl was well tolerated, with adverse event profiles comparable with findings in the overall studies. In conclusion, icosapent ethyl 4 g/day significantly reduced TG levels and other atherogenic parameters in women without increasing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels compared with placebo; the clinical implications of these findings are being evaluated in the REDUCtion of Cardiovascular Events With Eicosapentaenoic Acid [EPA] Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) cardiovascular outcomes study. (C) 2016 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Characterization of a membrane-associated apoplastic lipoxygenase in <i>Phaseolus vulgaris</i> L.; An extracytoplasmic 86.7 kDa protein was isolated from intercellular washing fluids (IWF) of Phaseolus vulgaris etiolated hypocotyls. Micro sequencing of tryptic peptides of the 86.7 kDa protein revealed 100% identity with a bean lipoxygenase (LOX) protein fragment. Purified P87-LOX exhibited LOX activity characterized by an optimal pH of 6.0 and linolenic acid as an optimal substrate, and was classified as a 13-LOX with respect to its positional specificity of linoleic acid oxygenation. A protein identical to P87-LOX, as determined by MALDI-TOF analysis and biochemical characterization, was purified from hypocotyl microsomes. Immunoblot analysis showed that P87-LOX is present in plasma membrane-enriched fractions, from which it was solubilized using high ionic strength buffers. These observations suggest that P87-LOX is a peripheral protein associated to the apoplastic face of the plasma membrane. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Inflammation and response to nutrition interventions; The complex interplay between nutrition and inflammation has become a major focus of research in recent years across different clinical settings and patient populations. Inflammation has been identified as a key driver for disease-related malnutrition promoting anorexia, reduced food intake, muscle loss, and on a cellular level, insulin resistance, which together stimulate catabolism. However, these effects may well be bidirectional, and there is strong evidence showing that nutrition influences inflammation. Several single nutrients and dietary patterns with either proinflammatory or anti-inflammatory properties have been studied, such as the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid or docosahexaenoic acid. The Mediterranean diet combines several such nutrients and has been shown to improve medical outcomes in the outpatient setting. In addition, there is increasing evidence suggesting that inflammation affects the metabolism and modulates the response to nutrition support interventions. In fact, recent studies from the medical inpatient setting suggest that inflammation, mirrored by high levels of C-reactive protein, diminishes the positive effects of nutrition support. This may explain the lack of positive effects of some nutrition trials in severely ill patients, whereas similar approaches to nutritional support have shown positive results in less severely ill patients. The use of biomarkers, such as C-reactive protein, may help to identify patients with a lower response to nutrition, in whom other treatment options need to be used. There is need for additional research to understand how to best address the malnourished patient with inflammation by specifically lowering inflammation through anti-inflammatory medical treatments and/or nutrition interventions.
Natural products may interfere with SARS-CoV-2 attachment to the host cell; SARS-CoV-2 has been emerged in December 2019 in China, causing deadly (5% mortality) pandemic pneumonia, termed COVID-19. More than one host-cell receptor is reported to be recognized by the viral spike protein, among them is the cell-surface Heat Shock Protein A5 (HSPA5), also termed GRP78 or BiP. Upon viral infection, HSPA5 is upregulated, then translocating to the cell membrane where it is subjected to be recognized by the SARS-CoV-2 spike. In this study, some natural product compounds are tested against the HSPA5 substrate-binding domain beta (SBD beta), which reported to be the recognition site for the SARS-CoV-2 spike. Molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulations are used to test some natural compounds binding to HSPA5 SBD beta. The results show high to a moderate binding affinity for the phytoestrogens (Diadiazin, Genistein, Formontein, and Biochanin A), chlorogenic acid, linolenic acid, palmitic acid, caffeic acid, caffeic acid phenethyl ester, hydroxytyrosol, cis-p-Coumaric acid, cinnamaldehyde, thymoquinone, and some physiological hormones such as estrogens, progesterone, testosterone, and cholesterol to the HSPA5 SBD beta. Based on its binding affinities, the phytoestrogens and estrogens are the best in binding HSPA5, hence may interfere with SARS-CoV-2 attachment to the stressed cells. These compounds can be successful as anti-COVID-19 agents for people with a high risk of cell stress like elders, cancer patients, and front-line medical staff. Communicated by Ramaswamy H. Sarma
Supplementation with Fish Oil Improves Meat Fatty Acid Profile although Impairs Growth Performance of Early Weaned Rabbits; Simple Summary Early weaning is a practice commonly applied in rabbit production despite its possible detrimental consequences on production, as it negatively affects the welfare of young rabbits that are highly susceptible to digestive disturbances. The inclusion of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the mother's diet during the suckling period can bring substantial benefits to the kits, as PUFA are involved in the development of the immune response in early weaned animals and could reduce morbidity and mortality during the fattening period. In this study, we observed that including fish oil (containing PUFA) in the diet of early weaned rabbits can reduce their morbidity and enhance the content of beneficial long-chain n-3 fatty acids in rabbit meat and fat, but it also slightly reduces their growth. Our objective was to analyze the influence of replacing lard (control) with fish oil (FO) rich in long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet of rabbits weaned at 25 days of age on their growth performance, meat quality, cecal fermentation, and ileal morphology. Twenty-four litters (12 control and 12 FO) of nine kits each were fed the experimental diets from weaning (25 days) until slaughter at 60 days of age. Half of the litters (six per diet) were used to monitor productive performance, carcass characteristics, and ileal morphology, and cecal fermentation was assessed in the rest of litters. Diet had no influence on feed intake, meat color, and pH or cecal fermentation, but FO-fed rabbits had lower (p <= 0.049) average daily gain, chilled carcass weight, and perirenal fat than control rabbits. Fish oil inclusion in the diet resulted in lower morbidity (5.56% vs. 20.4%; p = 0.019) and a healthier fatty acid profile with lower (p < 0.001) n-6/n-3 ratios in both muscle and perirenal fat. In summary, the inclusion of FO in the diet of early weaned rabbits improved the fatty acid profile of rabbit meat and fat and decreased the morbidity, but growth performance was slightly reduced.
Nutraceuticals in Cardiovascular Prevention: Lessons from Studies on Endothelial Function; An "unhealthy" diet is considered as a main cause of increased atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in the industrialized countries. There is a substantial interest in the potential cardiovascular protective effects of "nutraceuticals," that is food-derived substances that exert beneficial health effects. The correct understanding of cardiovascular effects of these compounds will have important implications for cardiovascular prevention strategies. Endothelial dysfunction is thought to play an important role in development and progression of atherosclerosis, and the characterization of the endothelial effects of several nutraceuticals may provide important insights into their potential role in cardiovascular prevention. At the same time, the analysis of the endothelial effects of nutraceuticals may also provide valuable insights into mechanisms of why certain nutraceuticals may not be effective in cardiovascular prevention, and it may aid in the identification of food-derived substances that may have detrimental cardiovascular effects. These findings further support the notion that nutraceuticals do need support from large clinical outcome trials with respect to their efficacy and safety profile for cardiovascular prevention, before their widespread use can be recommended. In fact, the term nutraceutical was coined to encourage an extensive and profound research activity in this field, and numerous large-scale clinical outcome trials to examine the effects of nutraceuticals on cardiovascular events have now been performed or are still ongoing. Whereas it is possible that single nutraceuticals may be effective in cardiovascular prevention, this field of research provides also valuable insights into which food components may be particularly important for cardiovascular prevention, to further advice the composition of a particularly healthy diet. The present review summarizes recent studies on the endothelial effects of several nutraceuticals, that have been intensely studied.
Immunomodulation by lipid emulsions in pulmonary inflammation: a randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a major cause of mortality in intensive care units. As there is rising evidence about immuno-modulatory effects of lipid emulsions required for parenteral nutrition of ARDS patients, we sought to investigate whether infusion of conventional soybean oil (SO)-based or fish oil (FO)-based lipid emulsions rich in either n-6 or n-3 fatty acids, respectively, may influence subsequent pulmonary inflammation.
Lovastatin does not accentuate but is rather additive to palmitate-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes; Fatty acids such as palmitate have been observed to induce apoptosis in cardiomyocytes but the mechanism of this cytotoxicity is unresolved. The present study sought to determine whether an aspect of fatty acid metabolism is responsible for palmitate-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. As palmitate metabolism increases acetyl CoA production via increased beta oxidation within the mitochondria, we hypothesized that increased acetyl CoA entering the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway might produce intermediates or end products that would be toxic to the cell. To test this hypothesis, cardiomyocytes from embryonic chick cardiomyocytes were treated with the 3-hydroxy-3-methylgutaryl CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitor lovastatin that inhibits the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway downstream of the acetyl CoA trimerization into HMG-CoA. Lovastatin did not inhibit palmitate-induced apoptosis. Rather, lovastatin induced significant apoptosis itself and when combined with palmitate, the level of apoptosis was equal to the sum of palmitate alone and lovastatin alone. This observation suggests that palmitate and lovastatin are inducing apoptosis by two independent mechanisms. A role for mitochondrial metabolism via carnitine palmitoyl transferase (CPT) in palmitate-induced apoptosis was suggested since capric acid, a fatty acid that is metabolized within the mitochondria but does not utilize CPT-1, did not induce apoptosis. Palmitate-induced apoptosis was further related to the metabolism of saturated fatty acids as the unsaturated fatty acid oleic acid did not induce apoptosis. These data suggest that a unique feature about palmitate metabolism independent of its role in cholesterol biosynthesis is responsible for palmitate-induced apoptosis and the effects of palmitate are additive to those of lovastatin to induce cardiac apoptosis. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Predictors of Nonsevere and Severe Hypoglycemia During Glucose-Lowering Treatment With Insulin Glargine or Standard Drugs in the ORIGIN Trial; OBJECTIVE
The Metabolic Syndrome: Emerging Novel Insights Regarding the Relationship between the Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance and other Key Predictive Markers in Young Adults of Western Algeria; Several biological markers have been identified as risk factors for cardiovascular disease and are associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). This study provides a factual information on promising biomarkers that are associated with MetS and can aid in early detection and management of MetS in young adults of Western Algeria. We studied a total of one hundred subjects aged between thirty and forty years with MetS, in which anthropometric measurements, insulin resistance, C peptide and HbA1c, lipid profile, circulating adipokines and glucagon-like peptide-1 were measured by suitable methods, in comparison to two groups of control. MetS is closely linked to altered glucose homeostasis, the plasma insulin/glucose ratio; i.e., the insulinogenic index helps to estimate the level of insulin secretion and also for assessing beta-cell function. The correlation between homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) and HbA1c, body mass index or plasma triglycerides yielded positive and significant values. Biomarkers with a known and predictable association with MetS can provide a means to detect those at risk and intervene as needed. This could significantly decrease the burden complications impose on patients and the healthcare system.
Krill Oil Attenuates Inflammation in Monosodium Iodoacetate-Induced Osteoarthritic Rats, SW982 Synovial Cell Line, and Primary Chondrocytes; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of krill oil (FJH-KO) in monoiodoacetate (MIA)-induced osteoarthritis in rat models, and H2O2- or lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-treated primary chondrocytes and the SW982 synovial cell line. We found that 150 mg/kg b.w. FJH-KO supplementation increased running speed, stride, and foot pressure in MIA-induced osteoarthritic rats. In the H2O2-treated SW982 synovial cell line and primary chondrocytes, FJH-KO treatment prevented cell death and suppressed matrix degradation by increasing the levels of anabolic factors of cartilage tissue, including aggrecan, collagen type I, collagen type II, tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinase (TIMP)-1, and TIMP-3, and decreasing those of catabolic factors of cartilage tissue, including phosphorylation of Smad, MMP-3, and MMP-13. In addition, FJH-KO treatment suppressed the activation of inflammation and apoptosis pathways in the LPS-treated SW982 synovial cell line and primary chondrocytes. We suggest that FJH-KO supplementation may help prevent osteoarthritis progression because of its direct effects on inflammation and apoptosis of chondrocytes.
Effect of Dietary Counseling on a Comprehensive Metabolic Profile from Childhood to Adulthood; Objectives To study the effects of repeated, infancy-onset dietary counseling on a detailed metabolic profile. Effects of dietary saturated fat replacement on circulating concentrations of metabolic biomarkers still remain unknown.
HYPERTHERMIA ACCELERATES RETINAL LIGHT DAMAGE IN RATS; Purpose. To study the time course of visual cell damage resulting from hyperthermic light exposure and the possible involvement of rod outer segment (ROS) lipids in the process.
Associations of prenatal maternal blood mercury concentrations with early and mid-childhood blood pressure: A prospective study; Background: Childhood blood pressure (BP) is an important determinant of adult cardiovascular disease. Prenatal exposure to methylmercury through maternal fish consumption has been reported to increase the BP of children years later.
Association Between Dietary Nutrient Composition and the Incidence of Cirrhosis or Liver Cancer in the United States Population; Little is known about the impact of dietary factors on the progression of liver disease. Our aim was to determine whether dietary intake was associated with the risk of cirrhosis-related or liver cancer-related death or hospitalization in the U.S. population. Participants included 9221 persons aged 25-74 years without evidence of cirrhosis at entry into the study or during the first 5 years of follow-up, who were subsequently followed for a mean of 13.3 years as part of the first National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was ascertained at baseline using a 24-hour dietary recall questionnaire. During follow-up, 123 of 9221 participants had a diagnosis of cirrhosis (n = 118) or liver cancer (n = 5) in hospitalization records or death certificates, including 36 who were diagnosed only on the basis of death certificates. Participants who reported a diet high in protein were at a higher risk of hospitalization or death due to cirrhosis or liver cancer (P = 0.001), whereas those who reported a diet high in carbohydrates were at a lower risk (P = 0.003), after adjusting for potential confounders (daily consumption of protein, carbohydrate, fat, tea or coffee, and alcohol, gender, race, age, educational attainment, U.S. geographical region, diabetes, body mass index, and subscapular-to-triceps skinfold ratio). Although total fat consumption was not significantly associated with the risk of cirrhosis or liver cancer, cholesterol consumption was associated with higher risk (P = 0.007), whereas serum cholesterol level was not associated with risk of cirrhosis or liver cancer. Conclusion: Diet may be an important and potentially modifiable determinant of liver disease. (HEPATOLOGY 2009;50:175-184.)
Nutritional Supplement and Dietary Interventions as a Prophylaxis or Treatment of Sub-Concussive Repetitive Head Impact and Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: A Systematic Review; Mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) affects 42 to 56 million individuals worldwide annually. Even more individuals are affected by sub-concussive repetitive head impacts (SRHIs). Such injuries may result in significant acute and chronic symptoms. A study of how individuals may adjust or augment their nutritional and dietary habits to prevent cumulative neurotrauma and promote post-injury recovery is necessary. The objective of the current study is to systematically review nutritional and dietary interventions for neurotrauma prevention and mTBI recovery to direct clinical decision-making and identify future areas of research. This systematic review, without a specified time-period, was performed in PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane, CINAHL, and Web of Science followed by a manual search of references. Search strings were generated by a research librarian. Studies were included if they: 1) investigate human subjects with mTBI or SRHI; 2) investigate a supplement/ingredient of dietary supplement sold in the U.S. or dietary intervention without classification as a drug or prohibitive statement against use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA); 3) assess a quantifiable outcome; and 4) are published in English in a peer-reviewed journal with an accessible full-length article. Studies were excluded if: 1) the study included non-mTBI or SRHI subjects (e.g., moderate/severe TBI, stroke); 2) mTBI is not assessed separately from moderate/severe mTBI; or 3) the studies that required intracranial hemorrhage. Fifteen studies from 12 unique subject populations met inclusion and exclusion criteria. A total of 1139 mTBI or SRHI subjects were enrolled across intervention arms in the study populations. A total of eight intervention were studied. Omega-3 fatty acid (n-3FA), melatonin, and Pinus radiata were the only interventions examined in multiple studies. Studies included 10 randomized-control trials, three prospective observational studies, and two retrospective observational studies. Seven of the 15 studies had a low risk of bias. Eleven studies reported benefit of the intervention. Strongest evidence supports n-3FA utility for neurotrauma prevention in athletes exposed to SRHI. Both Pinus radiata and melatonin may have benefit for persistent post-concussion symptoms; however, additional multi-center studies are necessary prior to making a definitive conclusion on these supplements' efficacy. Future studies should continue to assess both novel interventions and additional interventions examined in this review to bring additional evidence to the burgeoning field of nutritional and dietary interventions for SRHI and mTBI.
Composition of consumed fat and blood lipids; Dietary recommendation for prevention of cardiovascular diseases and cancer involve reduced consumption of total fat, animal fat and cholesterol, and an increased intake of plant sources (vegetable oils, fruit, vegetables, whole grain products, seeds and sprouts). The present work was aimed at evaluation of alternative nutrition with respect to lipid and antioxidant parameters. A group of 77 vegetarians was compared to an average group of 69 probands on traditional diet (omnivores). Vegetarians have significantly lower levels of risk indicators (cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, atherogenic index and saturated fatty acids). On the contrary, they have significantly higher values of substances with antisclerotic effect (HDL-cholesterol, linoleic acid, a-linolenic acid, vitamin E, Vitamin C, vitamin E/cholesterol). Antioxidant vitamin levels are significantly higher in vegetarians with high frequency of over-threshold values of reduced risk of free radical diseases. Optimal intake and balanced composition of fats in alternative nutrition, higher intake of essential antioxidants, consumption of whole grain products, sprouts and seeds is reflected in more favourable values of lipid and antioxidative parameters. Vegetarian diet represents an optimisation of nutrition in prevention of the mentioned diseases.
Effects of fish oil and spirulina on oxidative stress and inflammation in hypercholesterolemic hamsters; Background: Altered plasma lipids, oxidative stress, and inflammation have been involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. Fish oil has shown inconclusive effects on plasma lipids and oxidative stress. Spirulina has both cholesterol lowering and antioxidant properties. However, the effect of fish oil and spirulina on hypercholesterolemia has not been studied. We investigated the effects of fish oil, spirulina, and their combination on hypercholesterolemia.
RETRACTED: Relationship of Epicardial and Subcutaneous Fatty Acids With Serum Lipids and Vascular Cramps in Patients Undergoing Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (Retracted Article); Objectives: Fatty acids may include saturated or unsaturated fat. It seems that the consumption of trans fatty acids (TFA) can raise the risk of coronary artery diseases (CADs). The composition of the fatty acids of epicardial and subcutaneous adipose tissues (SATs) is a proper biomarker for assessing the fat used in a long-term period; therefore, nutrition can affect this composition. In addition, the human serum paraoxonase enzyme is considered an estraz/lactonase whose activity decreases in coronary heart disease (CHD). The present study aimed to investigate the relationship between metabolic variables related to the fatty acid composition of epicardial and subcutaneous fatty tissues and the activity of the paraoxonase enzyme. Further, the current study sought to explore the regional differences between subcutaneous and epicardial fatty acids, and the relationship between these measurements, as well as metabolic variables and food.
Preventive Effects of the Marine Microalga Phaeodactylum tricornutum, Used as a Food Supplement, on Risk Factors Associated with Metabolic Syndrome in Wistar Rats; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, n-3 series (n-3 LC-PUFA), are known for their preventive effects against cardiovascular disease. In an unfavourable economic and environmental context of fish oil production, marine microalgae could be an alternative source of n-3 LC-PUFA and are of interest for human nutrition. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of P. tricornutum, a microalga rich in eicosapentaenoic acid and used as a food supplement, on the metabolic disorders associated with metabolic syndrome and obesity development. Three male Wistar rat groups (n = 6) were submitted for eight weeks to a standard diet or high-fat diet (HF) with 10% fructose in drinking water, supplemented or not with 12% of P. tricornutum (HF-Phaeo). Supplementation led to n-3 LC-PUFA enrichment of lipids in the liver, plasma and erythrocytes. Plasma transaminases showed no difference between the HF and HF-Phaeo groups. Body weight, fat mass, inflammatory markers and insulinemia decreased in HF-Phaeo rats versus the HF group. Plasma total cholesterol, triacylglycerols and leptine diminished in HF-Phaeo rats, while HDL-cholesterol increased. In conclusion, this study highlights the beneficial effects of P. tricornutum in reducing the metabolic disorders associated with metabolic syndrome.
Changes in the gut microbial communities following addition of walnuts to the diet; Walnuts are rich in omega-3 fatty acids, phytochemicals and antioxidants making them unique compared to other foods. Consuming walnuts has been associated with health benefits including a reduced risk of heart disease and cancer. Dysbiosis of the gut microbiome has been linked to several chronic diseases. One potential mechanism by which walnuts may exert their health benefit is through modifying the gut microbiome. This study identified the changes in the gut microbial communities that occur following the inclusion of walnuts in the diet. Male Fischer 344 rats (n=20) were randomly assigned to one of two diets for as long as 10 weeks: (1) walnut (W), and (2) replacement (R) in which the fat, fiber, and protein in walnuts were matched with corn oil, protein casein, and a cellulose fiber source. Intestinal samples were collected from the descending colon, the DNA isolated, and the V3-V4 hypervariable region of 16S rRNA gene deep sequenced on an Illumina MiSeq for characterization of the gut microbiota. Body weight and food intake did not differ significantly between the two diet groups. The diet groups had distinct microbial communities with animals consuming walnuts displaying significantly greater species diversity. Walnuts increased the abundance of Firmicutes and reduced the abundance of Bacteriodetes. Walnuts enriched the microbiota for probiotic-type bacteria including Lactobacillus, Ruminococcaceae, and Roseburia while significantly reducing Bacteroides and Anaerotruncus. The class Alphaproteobacteria was also reduced. Walnut consumption altered the gut microbial community suggesting a new mechanism by which walnuts may confer their beneficial health effects. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The effects of vitamin D, fish oil and exercise on cardiovascular parameters in ovariectomized rats; Objectives: This study compared effects of vitamin D, fish oil and exercise on cardiovascular parameters in ovariectomized rats.
Plasma concentrations of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances are associated with perturbations in lipid and amino acid metabolism; Exposure to per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) through the environment can lead to harmful health outcomes and the development of disease. However, little is known about how PFAS impact underlying biology that contributes to these adverse health effects. The metabolome represents the end product of cellular processes and has been used previously to understand physiological changes that lead to disease. In this study, we investigated whether exposure to PFAS was associated with the global, untargeted metabolome. In a cohort of 459 pregnant mothers and 401 children, we quantified plasma concentrations of six individual PFAS-PFOA, PFOS, PFHXS, PFDEA, and PFNA-and performed plasma metabolomic profiling by UPLC-MS. In adjusted linear regression analysis, we found associations between plasma PFAS and perturbations in lipid and amino acid metabolites in both mothers and children. In mothers, metabolites of 19 lipid pathways and 8 amino acid pathways were significantly associated with PFAS exposure at an FDR<0.05 threshold; in children, metabolites of 28 lipid pathways and 10 amino acid pathways exhibited significant associations at FDR<0.05 with PFAS exposure. Our investigation found that metabolites of the Sphingomyelin, Lysophospholipid, Long Chain Poly-unsaturated Fatty Acid (n3 and n6), Fatty Acid-Dicarboxylate, and Urea Cycle showed the most significant associations with PFAS, suggesting these may be particular pathways of interest in the physiological response to PFAS. To our knowledge, this is the first study to characterize associations between the global metabolome and PFAS across multiple periods in the life course to understand impacts on underlying biology, and the findings presented here are relevant in understanding how PFAS disrupt normal biological function and may ultimately give rise to harmful health effects.
Supplemental effects of dietary lysophospholipids in lactation diets on sow performance, milk composition, gut health, and gut-associated microbiome of offspring; Dietary lysophospholipids (LPL) would influence milk composition of sows, thus positively affect intestinal health of offspring. The objective of this study was to determine effects of dietary LPL fed to lactating sows on performance, milk characteristics, gut health, and gut-associated microbiome of offspring. Sixty pregnant sows were allotted to 2 treatments in a randomized complete block design with parity and BW as blocks on day 110 of gestation. Treatments were CON (no added LPL) and LPL (0.05% LPL; Lipidol-Ultra, Pathway Intermediates, Shrewsbury, UK). Sows were fed 2 kg/d from day 110 of gestation until farrowing and ad libitum after farrowing. Diets were formulated to meet NRC requirement for lactating sows. Colostrum and milk samples from 12 sows per treatment were collected to measure nutrients and immunoglobulins on days 1 and 18 of lactation, respectively. Twelve piglets per treatment (1 piglet per litter) were euthanized on day 18 to collect tissues to measure tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-8 (IL-8), malondialdehyde, protein carbonyl, IgA, histomorphology, crypt cell proliferation rate, and microbiota in the jejunum and colon. Data were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS, and the mortality was analyzed using the GLIMMIX procedure of SAS. There was no difference in sow BW, parity, and litter size between treatments on day 0 of lactation. Sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) litter BW gain (53.9 vs. 59.4 kg) and decreased piglet mortality (13.9% vs. 10.6%) on day 18 of lactation. Sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) omega-6:omega-3 (22.1 vs. 23.7) and unsaturated:saturated (1.4 vs. 1.6) fatty acids ratios with increased oleic acid (29.1% vs. 31.4%) and tended to have increased (P = 0.092) IgG (1.14 vs. 1.94 g/L) and linoleic acid (17.7% vs. 18.7%) in the milk on day 18 of lactation. Piglets from sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) IL-8 (184 vs. 245 pg/mg) and crypt cell proliferation rate (39.4% vs. 40.9%) and tended to have increased (P = 0.095) Firmicutes:Bacteroidetes ratio (1.0 vs. 3.5) in the jejunum. In conclusion, sows fed with LPL had milk with increased IgG, oleic acids, and linoleic acids without changes in BW and backfat during lactation. These changes could contribute to improved survivability and intestinal health of piglets by increasing IL-8 concentration, enhancing balance among gut-associated microbiome, and increasing enterocyte proliferation in the jejunum.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may affect the course of COVID-19; The highly infectious coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which is a new coronavirus that has been spreading since late 2019 and has caused millions of deaths worldwide. COVID-19 continues to spread rapidly worldwide despite high vaccination coverage; therefore, it is crucial to focus on prevention. Most patients experience only mild symptoms of COVID-19. However, in some cases, serious complications can develop mainly due to an exaggerated immune response; that is, a so-called cytokine storm, which can lead to acute respiratory distress syndrome, organ failure, or, in the worst cases, death. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their metabolites can modulate inflammatory responses, thus reducing the over-release of cytokines. It has been hypothesized that supplementation of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids could improve clinical outcomes in critically ill COVID-19 patients. Some clinical trials have shown that administering n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to critically ill patients can improve their health and shorten the duration of their stay in intensive care. However, previous clinical studies have some limitations; therefore, further studies are required to confirm these findings.
Comparison of dietary fat and fatty acid intake estimated by the duplicate diet collection technique and estimated dietary records; Introduction A high saturated fatty acid intake is a well recognized risk factor for coronary heart disease development. More recently a high intake of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in combination with a low intake of the long chain n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid has also been implicated as an important risk factor.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on cardiac SR Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>-release and ryanodine receptor function; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can prevent life-threatening arrhythmias but the mechanisms responsible have not been established. There is strong evidence that part of the antiarrhythmic action of PUFAs is mediated through inhibition of the Ca2+-release mechanism of the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR). It has also been shown that PUFAs activate protein kinase A (PKA) and produce effects in the cardiac cell similar to beta-adrenergic stimulation. We have investigated whether the inhibitory effect of PUFAs on the Ca2+-release mechanism is caused by direct inhibition of the SR Ca2+-release channel/ryanodine receptor (RyR) or requires activation of PKA. Experiments in intact cells under voltage-clamp show that the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is able to reduce the frequency of spontaneous waves of Ca2+-release while increasing SR Ca2+ content even when PKA activity is inhibited with H-89. This suggests that the EPA-induced inhibition of SR Ca2+-release is not dependent on activation of PKA. Consistent with this, single-channel studies demonstrate that EPA (10 - 100 muM), but not saturated fatty acids, reduce the open probability (Po) of the cardiac RyR incorporated into phospholipid bilayers. EPA also inhibited the binding of [H-3]ryanodine to isolated heavy SR. Our results indicate that direct inhibition of RyR channel gating by PUFAs play an important role in the overall antiarrhythmic properties of these compounds. (C) 2003 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
High dietary inflammatory index associates with inflammatory proteins in plasma; Background and aim Unhealthy dietary habits and highly caloric foods induce metabolic alterations and promote the development of the inflammatory consequences of obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Describing an inflammatory effect of diet is difficult to pursue, owing lacks of standardized quali-quantitative dietary assessments. The Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) has been proposed as an estimator of the pro- or anti-inflammatory effect of nutrients and higher DII values, which indicate an increased intake of nutrients with pro-inflammatory effects, relate to an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases and we here assessed whether they reflect biologically relevant plasmatic variations of inflammatory proteins. Methods In this cross-sectional study, seven days dietary records from 663 subjects in primary prevention for cardiovascular diseases were analyzed to derive the intake of nutrients, foods and to calculate DII. To associate DII with the Normalized Protein eXpression (NPX), an index of abundance, of a targeted panel of 368 inflammatory biomarkers (Olink (TM)) measured in the plasma, we divided the population by the median value of DII (1.60 (0.83-2.30)). Results 332 subjects with estimated DII over the median value reported a higher intake of saturated fats but lower intakes of poly-unsaturated fats, including omega-3 and omega-6 fats, versus subjects with estimated dietary DII below the median value (N = 331). The NPX of 61 proteins was increased in the plasma of subjects with DII > median vs. subjects with DII < median. By contrast, in the latter group, we underscored only 3 proteins with increased NPX. Only 23, out of these 64 proteins, accurately identified subjects with DII > median (Area Under the Curve = 0.601 (0.519-0.668), p = 0.035). Conclusion This large-scale proteomic study supports that higher DII reflects changes in the plasmatic abundance of inflammatory proteins. Larger studies are warranted to validate.
Recent advances in biotechnological production of polyunsaturated fatty acids by <i>Yarrowia lipolytica</i>; Owing to the important physiological functions, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play a vital role in protecting human health, such as preventing cancer, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Specifically, Yarrowia lipolytica has been identified as the most popular non-conventional oleaginous yeast, which can accumulate the abundant intracellular lipids, indicating that has great potential as an industrial host for production of PUFAs. Notably, some novel engineering strategies have been applied to endow and improve the abilities of Y. lipolytica to synthesize PUFAs, including construction and optimization of PUFAs biosynthetic pathways, improvement of preucrsors acetyl-coA and NADPH supply, inhibition of competing pathways, knockout of beta-oxidation pathways, regulation of oxidative stress defense pathways, and regulation of genes involved in upstream lipid metabolism. Besides, some bypass approaches, such as strain mating, evolutionary engineering, and computational model based on omics, also have been proposed to improve the performance of engineering strains. Generally, in this review, we summarized the recent advances in engineering strategies and bypass approaches for improving PUFAs production by Y. lipolytica. In addition, we further summarized the latest efforts of CRISPR/Cas genome editing technology in Y. lipolytica, which is aimed to provide its potential applications in PUFAs production.
The effects of soybean-based diets, with and without amino acid supplementation, on growth and biochemical composition of juvenile American lobster, <i>Homarus americanus</i>; The feasibility of feeding soy-based diets for the pound culture of the American lobster was investigated in a factorial study using diets (40% protein) containing various proportions of extruded-expelled, low-fat soybean meal (SBM) (0%, 25%, 50%, 75%, 87.5% and 100% of dietary protein) and fish meal (FM), with and without amino acid supplementation (arginine, leucine, methionine and tryptophan), in a 60-day feeding trial using late Stage 5 juveniles. The supplemental amino acids were added at levels to simulate the essential amino acid (EAA) profile of juvenile lobsters. The 0% SBM diet approximated salted fish and fish racks, the industry diet for pounded lobsters. A diet of fresh blue mussel, a component of the lobster's natural diet, was included for comparison. Supplementation and SBM levels of not more than 50% of dietary protein significantly resulted in higher body weight gains (BWGs) than diets without supplementation or with higher SBM levels. Survival was not significantly different for juveniles fed the supplemented diets and the non-supplemented diets containing FM. Juveniles fed the non-supplemented 100% SBM diet suffered early mortality. Supplementation significantly shortened molting cycles and was crucial for survival in juveniles fed the 100% SBM diet. Interactions between supplementation and level of dietary SBM on survival, BWG and duration of the molting cycle were significant. Growth performance of juveniles fed blue mussel were comparable to those of juveniles fed the supplemented 50% SBM diet. The levels (% of protein) of arginine, phenylalanine and tryptophan were significantly higher in juveniles fed the supplemented diets, while tyrosine, aspartate, glutamate and serine were significantly higher in juveniles fed the non-supplemented diets. Arginine levels in juveniles fed the supplemented diets were nearly twice those of juveniles fed the non-supplemented diets. Interactions between SBM level and supplementation on lobster amino acid profile were not significant. Supplementation and decreasing levels of dietary SBM (lower content of 18:2n - 6, the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in SBM) were associated with better growth and resulted in increasing proportions (% of total) of 20:5n - 3, 22:6n - 3 and n - 3/n - 6 PUFA ratios in juvenile carcass. Based on weight gain, replacement of fish protein with SBM in practical diets at no more than 50% of dietary protein appears feasible, with multiple amino acid supplementation significantly enhancing growth performance. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid composition analyses of commercially important fish species from the Pearl River Estuary, China; Evaluation of fish nutritional content information could provide essential guidance for seafood consumption and human health protection. This study investigated the lipid contents, fatty acid compositions, and nutritional qualities of 22 commercially important marine fish species from the Pearl River Estuary (PRE), South China Sea. All the analyzed species had a low to moderate lipid content (0.51-7.35% fat), with no significant differences in fatty acid profiles among fishes from different lipid categories (p > 0.05). Compared with previous studies from other regions, the examined fish species exhibited higher proportions of saturated fatty acids (SFAs, 39.1 +/- 4.00%) and lower contents of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs, 21.6 +/- 5.44%), presumably due to the shifted diet influence from increased diatoms and decreased dinoflagellate over the past decades in the PRE. This study further revealed that there was a significantly negative correlation between the trophic levels and levels of PUFAs in the examined species (Pearson's r = -0.42, p = 0.04), likely associated with their differed dietary composition. Considering the health benefit of PUFAs, a few marine fish in PRE with low levels of PUFAs might have no significant contribution to the cardiovascular disease prevention, although fish with different fatty acid profiles most likely contribute differently towards human health. Additional studies are needed in order to comprehensively analyze the nutritional status of fish species in the PRE.
Teachings from COVID-19 and aging-An oxidative process; As of June 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has totaled over 9 000 000 cases and 470 000 deaths globally (ref. 1). Emerging data from COVID-19 patients have suggested a clear role for oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of SARS-CoV-2, the pathogenic agent of COVID-19. Several comorbidities, including hypertension, diabetes, obesity, and aging, have been associated with an increase in baseline oxidative stress, likely explaining why such individuals at risk for poor outcomes with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Similarly, the concept of oxidative stress remains one of the best supported theories to explain the mechanism behind aging. Oxidative stress through both endogenous and exogenous sources has known deleterious effects in both aging and SARS-CoV-2 infection. Herein, we will review the role of oxidative stress as a key player in both aging and COVID-19 and highlight why some individuals may have better or poorer outcomes because of this. Additionally, we will discuss potential therapeutic pathways for effectively anti-aging as we take away from our learnings on COVID-19.
Regulation of polyisoprenylated methylated protein methyl esterase by polyunsaturated fatty acids and prostaglandins; Polyisoprenylation is a set of secondary modifications involving proteins whose aberrant activities are implicated in cancers and degenerative disorders. The last step of the pathway involves an ester-forming polyisoprenylated protein methyl transferase-and hydrolytic polyisoprenylated methylated protein methyl esterase (PMPMEase)-catalyzed reactions. Omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs have been linked with antitumorigeneis and tumorigenesis, respectively. PUFAs are structurally similar to the polyisoprenyl groups and may interfere with polyisoprenylated protein metabolism. It was hypothesized that PUFAs may be more potent inhibitors of PMPMEase than their more polar oxidative metabolites, the prostaglandins. As such, the relative effects of PUFAs and prostaglandins on PMPMEase could explain the association between cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression in tumors, the chemopreventive effects of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAIDs) COX-2 inhibitors and PUFAs. PUFAs such as AA, EPA, and DHA inhibited PMPMEase activity with K-i values of 0.12-3.7 mu M. The most potent prostaglandin was 63-fold less potent than AA. The PUFAs were also more effective at inducing neuroblastoma cell death at physiologically equivalent concentrations. The lost PMPMEase activity in AA-treated degenerating cells was restored by incubating the lysates with COX-1 or COX-2. PUFAs may thus be physiological regulators of cell growth and could owe these effects to PMPMEase inhibition.
Effects of dietary saturated and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the incorporation of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids into blood lipids; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA) are better absorbed when they are combined with high-fat meals. However, the role of different dietary fats in modulating the incorporation of n-3PUFA in blood lipids in humans has not been previously explored. Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6PUFA) are known to compete with n-3PUFA in the metabolic pathways and for the incorporation into phospholipids, whereas saturated fats (SFA) may enhance n-3PUFA incorporation into tissues.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of health claims related to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and maintenance of normal cardiac function (ID 504, 506, 516, 527, 538, 703, 1128, 1317, 1324, 1325), maintenance of normal blood glucose concentrations (ID 566), maintenance of normal blood pressure (ID 506, 516, 703, 1317, 1324), maintenance of normal blood HDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 506), maintenance of normal (fasting) blood concentrations of triglycerides (ID 506, 527, 538, 1317, 1324, 1325), maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations (ID 527, 538, 1317, 1325, 4689), protection of the skin from photo-oxidative (UVinduced) damage (ID 530), improved absorption of EPA and DHA (ID 522, 523), contribution to the normal function of the immune system by decreasing the levels of eicosanoids, arachidonic acid-derived mediators and pro-inflammatory cytokines (ID 520, 2914), and "immunomodulating agent" (4690) pursuant to Article 13(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to provide a scientific opinion on a list of health claims pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006. This opinion addresses the scientific substantiation of health claims in relation to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and maintenance of normal cardiac function, maintenance of normal blood glucose concentrations, maintenance of normal blood pressure, maintenance of normal blood HDL- cholesterol concentrations, maintenance of normal (fasting) blood concentrations of triglycerides, maintenance of normal blood LDL-cholesterol concentrations, protection of the skin from photo-oxidative (UVinduced) damage, improved absorption of EPA and DHA, contribution to the normal function of the immune system by decreasing the levels of eicosanoids, arachidonic acid-derived mediators and proinflammatory cytokines, and "immunomodulating agent". The scientific substantiation is based on the information provided by the Member States in the consolidated list of Article 13 health claims and references that EFSA has received from Member States or directly from stakeholders.
A follow-up study of metabolic syndrome in schizophrenia; The prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in schizophrenia patients is increasing worldwide. The aim of the current study was to examine the progress of MetS in a schizophrenia cohort we had previously investigated and determine the role of various related factors, including sociodemographic and clinical variables, nutritional status and physical activity. Of the 319 patients investigated in the first study, 149 patients agreed to be included in the follow-up. Physical measurements and laboratory tests were performed in addition to evaluations with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, Udvalg for Kliniske Undersogelser Side Effects Scale, International Physical Activity Questionnaire, 24 h dietary recall method and Nutrition Information Systems Package Program. According to the ATPIII, ATPIIIA and IDF criteria, the MetS prevalences had increased from 35.6 to 44.3%, 38.9 to 53% and 43.6 to 55.7%, respectively. Patients with MetS had a shorter period of hospitalization and a higher UKU total side effects score, and most of them were married or divorced/widowed. Patients with MetS also had a higher daily consumption of added sugar, cholesterol, polyunsaturated fatty acids and omega 3 fatty acid, and the daily added sugar intake was found to be related to the increase in MetS. Unexpectedly, the physical activity level was not found to significantly differ in the patients with and without MetS. In conclusion, the MetS prevalence was found to be increased among schizophrenia patients over time, and the increase in the young age group was particularly striking. Among all of the factors investigated, nutritional status was found to play a major role in this increased prevalence.
ORGANIC NUTRIENTS AND CONTAMINANTS IN SUBSISTENCE SPECIES OF ALASKA: CONCENTRATIONS AND RELATIONSHIP TO FOOD PREPARATION METHOD; Objectives. To determine nutrient and contaminant concentrations, document concentration changes related to common preparation methods and provide a basic risk-benefit analysis for select subsistence foods consumed by residents of Kotzebue, Alaska.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition, serum lipids, and serum α-tocopherol in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients living on the island of Crete; (O)bjective: A pilot study to explore diet-related atherogenic patterns in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) patients on the island of Crete. Cretans are well known for their high olive consumption and low atherosclerotic heart disease mortality, in general.
CALCIUM OVERLOAD AND CARDIAC MYOCYTE CELL-DAMAGE INDUCED BY ARACHIDONATE LIPOXYGENATION; The accumulation of arachidonic acid and lipoxygenase metabolites of arachidonate occurs in ischemic-reperfused myocar dium. Although lipoxygenase inhibitors have been shown to attenuate myocardial infarct size after ischemia-reperfusion, the relationship between arachidonate lipoxygenation and myocardial injury remains unclear. To investigate the direct effect of arachidonate lipoxygenation on cardiac myocytes, isolated rat cardiac myocytes loaded with indo 1 were superfused with Tyrode solution containing arachidonic acid mixed with soybean lipoxygenase. Although neither arachidonic acid nor lipoxygenase alone had any effects, arachidonic acid plus lipoxygenase induced an increase in the twitch amplitude associated with an increased intracellular Ca2+ concentration ([Ca2+](i)) and irreversible hypercontracture. Nordihydroguaiaretic acid, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, blocked these effects. Linolenic acid, which is also a lipoxygenase substrate, caused the same effects as arachidonic acid in the presence of lipoxygenase, whereas oleic and stearic acid, which do not function as lipoxygenase substrates, did not. Both ascorbic acid and cr-tocopherol attenuated an increase in [Ca2+](i) and the cellular damage, whereas nicardipine and superoxide dismutase had no effects. These results suggest that lipoxygenase metabolites of arachidonic acid cause intracellular Ca2+ overload and cellular damage to cardiomyocytes, probably through augmentation of lipid peroxidation of the cell membranes by free radicals.
Triacylglycerol-Lowering Effect of Docosahexaenoic Acid Is Not Influenced by Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms Involved in Lipid Metabolism in Humans; The triacylglycerol (TAG)-lowering effects of long-chain n-3 fatty acids, and in particular docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are well documented, although these effects manifest large interindividual variability. The objective of this secondary analysis is to investigate whether common single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in genes involved in DHA synthesis and TAG metabolism are associated with the responsiveness of blood lipids, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein concentration to dietary treatment by DHA supplied in high-oleic canola oil (HOCO). In a randomized, crossover-controlled feeding trial, 129 subjects with metabolic syndrome received high-oleic canola oil (HOCO) and high-oleic canola oil supplemented with DHA (HOCO-DHA), each for 4 weeks. During the HOCO-DHA phase, the intake of DHA ranged from 1 to 2.5 g/day. The subjects were genotyped for apolipoprotein E (APOE) isoforms, and SNP including FADS1-rs174561, FADS2-rs174583, ELOVL2-rs953413, ELOVL5-rs2397142, CETP-rs5882, SCD1-rs2234970, PPARA-rs6008259, and LIPF-rs814628 were selected as important genes controlling fatty acid metabolism. Overall, consumption of HOCO-DHA oil reduced blood concentrations of TAG by 24% compared to HOCO oil. The reduction in TAG was independent of genetic variations in the studied genes. Similarly, no treatment-by-gene interactions were evident in the response to other lipids, lipoproteins, or apolipoproteins to DHA supplementation. Nevertheless, a lower interindividual variation in the TAG response to DHA supplementation compared to other studies was observed in this analysis. The TAG-lowering effect of a supplemental body-weight-based dose of DHA was not influenced by genetic variations in APOE, FADS1, FADS2, ELOVL2, ELOVL5, CETP, SCD1, PPARA, and LIPF.
A Single-Blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled Study to Evaluate the Benefits and Safety of Endourage Targeted Wellness Formula C Sublingual plus Drops in People with Post-Acute Coronavirus Disease 2019 Syndrome; Introduction: Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) causes a wide range of symptoms, including death. As persons recover, some continue to experience symptoms described as Post-Acute COVID-19 Syndrome (PACS). The objectives of this study were to measure the efficacy of Formula C (TM), a cannabidiol (CBD)-rich, whole-flower terpene-rich preparation in managing PACS symptoms.
The effects of dietary fatty acid supplementation on endothelial function and vascular tone in healthy subjects; objective: Evaluation of the effects of supplementation of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on vascular tone and endothelial function in healthy men and women aged 40 to 65 years. Methods: In a double-blind, randomised, placebo controlled study, 173 healthy volunteers took one of six oil supplements for 8 months. Supplements were placebo, oleic acid rich sunflower oil, evening primrose oil, soya bean oil, tuna fish oil. and tuna/evening primrose oil mix. Endothelium-dependent and independent vascular responses were measured in the forearm skin using laser Doppler imaging following iontophoretic applications of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside, respectively. Results: Acetylcholine. but not sodium nitroprusside responses were significantly improved after tuna oil supplementation (P=0.02). Additionally, there were significant positive correlations between acetylcholine responses and n-3 fatty acid levels in the plasma and erythrocyte membrane phospholipids after tuna oil supplementation. No significant changes in vascular response were seen after supplementation with any of the other oils. Conclusions: Fish oil supplementation has a beneficial effect on endothelial function, even in normal healthy subjects. Modification of the diet by an increase of 6% in eicosapentaenoic acid and 27% in docosahexaenoic acid (equivalent to eating oily fish 2-3 times/week) might have significant beneficial effects on cardiovascular function and health. (C) 2003 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Terpenoid and lipid profiles vary in different Phytophthora cactorum-strawberry interactions; Specialized metabolites are essential components in plant defence systems, serving as signalling molecules and chemical weapons against pathogens. The manipulation of plant defence metabolome or metabolites can thus be an important virulence strategy for pathogens. Because of their central role, metabolites can give valuable insights into plant-pathogen interactions. Here, we have conducted nontargeted metabolite profiling with UPLCESI-qTOF-MS to investigate the metabolic changes that have taken place in the crown tissue of Fragaria vesca L. (woodland strawberry) and Fragaria x ananassa (Weston) Duchesne ex Rozier (garden strawberry) during 48 h after Phytophthora cactorum challenge. Two P. cactorum isolates were compared: Pc407 is highly virulent to F. x ananassa and causes crown rot, whereas Pc440 is mildly virulent. In total, 45 metabolites differentially accumulated between the treatment groups were tentatively identified. Triterpenoids and various lipid compounds were highly represented. The levels of several triterpenoids increased upon inoculation, some of them showing distinct accumulation patterns in different interactions. Triterpenoids could either inhibit or stimulate P. cactorum growth and, therefore, triterpenoid profiles might have significant impact on disease progression. Of the lipid compounds, lysophospholipids, linoleic acid and linolenic acid were highly accumulated in the most compatible Pc407 - F. x ananassa interaction. As lysophospholipids promote cell death and have been linked to susceptibility, these compounds might be involved in the pathogenesis of crown rot disease. This metabolite analysis revealed potential factors contributing to the outcome of P. cactorum - strawberry interactions. The information is highly valuable, as it can help to find new breeding strategies and new solutions to control P. cactorum in strawberry.
Effects of a 3-day low-fat diet on metabolic control, insulin sensitivity, lipids and adipocyte hormones in Norwegian subjects with hypertriacylglycerolaemia and type 2 diabetes; The metabolic and hormonal impact of rapid dietary changes in type 2 diabetes has not been clarified. The objective of this study was to test whether a short-term, low-fat diet affected metabolic control, insulin sensitivity, lipids and adipocyte hormones in patients with type 2 diabetes with hypertriacylglycerolaemia. Nineteen outpatient subjects (10 M, 9 F) with type 2 diabetes and triacylglycerols >2.2 mmol/L at screening were included in the study. Dietary intake was assessed by weighing during two periods of 3-day baseline diet followed by a 3-day low-fat dietary intervention. The two periods of baseline diet did not differ with respect to relevant variables during intervention. Subjects were advised to increase fibre-rich and low-fat foods and to decrease intake of visible fat in an isoenergetic manner. The percentage of energy from fat was reduced from 39 to 22 (p < 0.0001), median values. Daytime blood glucose did not change and fasting insulin and fasting glucose to insulin ratios were unaffected. Total cholesterol decreased from 6.3 to 6.2 mmol/L (p < 0.005), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol from 1.13 to 1.10 mmol/L (p < 0.048) and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids in phospholipids from 2.5 to 1.9 (p < 0.003). Concentrations of leptin decreased from 12.1 to 9.9 ng/mL (p < 0.005) and adiponectin increased from 8.6 to 10.5 mg/mL (p < 0.024). The effect on leptin was confined to women. A low-fat diet intervention for 3 days in insulin-resistant type 2 diabetes affects lipid, adiponectin and leptin levels but fails to improve insulin sensitivity and metabolic control.
Serum n-6 fatty acids and lipoprotein subclasses in middle-aged men: the population-based cross-sectional ERA-JUMP Study; Background: The associations of serum omega-6 (n-6) fatty acids with lipoprotein subclasses at the population level are uncertain.
IRF-1 and miRNA126 Modulate VCAM-1 Expression in Response to a High-Fat Meal; Rationale: A high-fat diet accompanied by hypertriglyceridemia increases an individual's risk for development of atherosclerosis. An early event in this process is monocyte recruitment through binding to vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) upregulated on inflamed arterial endothelium. Diets high in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may provide athero-protection by ameliorating this effect.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in various macroalgal species from north Atlantic and tropical seas; Background: In this study the efficacy of using marine macroalgae as a source for polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are associated with the prevention of inflammation, cardiovascular diseases and mental disorders, was investigated.
Saturated fatty acid intake decreases serum adiponectin levels in subjects with type 1 diabetes; Background: Adiponectin is a protein secreted by adipose tissue. It plays a key role in insulin resistance and has anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic functions. Changes in diet can influence adiponectin levels. Different dietary interventions, especially those altering fatty acid intake, have been reported as possible mediators of adiponectin levels.
The effect of dietary yellow lupine (<i>L</i>. <i>luteus</i> cv. Baryt) on growth performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and selected serum parameters of turkeys; This study evaluated the effects of dietary replacement of soyabean meal (SBM) with yellow lupine seed meal (YLM) in turkeys. A total of 1120 one-day-old Hybrid Converter female turkeys were fed diets containing 0%, 8%, 16% and 24% of YLM (LM0, LM8, LM16, LM24, respectively) in a 16-week experiment. In the first phase of feeding (weeks 0-4), an increase in the YLM content of diets caused a linear decrease in feed intake (Fl) and body weight gain (BWG) and the noted differences were significant (P < 0.001) in group LM24. In 16-week-old turkeys, dietary inclusion of lupine at up to 24% had no adverse effects on Fl, BWG or feed conversion. Experimental diets had no influence on the analysed serum parameters or mortality of turkeys or on the incidence of footpad dermatitis. No significant changes in carcass and muscle yields were observed. Group LM24 turkeys were characterized by significantly (P = 0.033 vs LM0) higher relative gizzard tissue weight. The abdominal fat content tended to increase (P = 0.055 vs LM0) in birds fed lupine-based diets. A linear increase (P < 0.001) in the concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids was noted in meat from turkeys fed lupine-based diets; this did not change the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio, but improved the values of the atherogenic and thrombogenic indices. Diets containing YLM had no influence on the chemical composition, physicochemical properties or sensory attributes of turkey meat. In conclusion, starter diets containing 24% YLM could have an adverse influence on bird performance. Yellow lupine seeds can be added to diets for older turkeys at up to 24% as an effective substitute for SBM without affecting the key variables of performance and without negative effects on meat quality.
Dietary Antioxidants in Age-Related Macular Degeneration and Glaucoma; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and glaucoma are ophthalmic neurodegenerative diseases responsible for irreversible vision loss in the world population. Only a few therapies can be used to slow down the progression of these diseases and there are no available treatment strategies for reversing the degeneration of the neural retina. In AMD, the pathological process causes the malfunction and damage of the retinal pigmented epithelium and photoreceptors in the macula. In glaucoma, damage of the retinal ganglion cells and their axons is observed and treatment strategies are limited to intraocular pressure lowering. Therefore, other prophylactic and/or therapeutic methods are needed. Oxidative stress is involved in the neurodegenerative process accompanying both AMD and glaucoma; therefore, the use of antioxidant agents would clearly be beneficial, which is supported by the decreased prevalence and progression of AMD in patients adherent to a diet naturally rich in antioxidants. Dietary antioxidants are easily available and their use is based on the natural route of administration. Many preclinical studies both in vitro and using animal models of retinal degeneration showed the efficacy of dietary antioxidants, which was further proved in clinical trials. Resveratrol is beneficial both in AMD and glaucoma animal models, but confirmed only among AMD patients. For AMD, carotenoids and omega-3 fatty acids were also proved to be sufficient in preventing neurodegeneration. For glaucoma, coenzyme Q10 and alpha-lipoic acid showed efficacy for decreasing retinal ganglion cell loss and inhibiting the accompanying destructive processes. Interestingly, the benefits of vitamins, especially vitamin E was not confirmed, neither in preclinical nor in clinical studies.
The effect of walnut intake on factors related to prostate and vascular health in older men; Background: Tocopherols may protect against prostate cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Impact of mercury exposure on blood pressure and cardiac autonomic activity among Cree adults (James Bay, Quebec, Canada); Aboriginal populations from Quebec (Canada) are exposed to higher mercury levels than southern regions since these populations consume high quantities of fish. Epidemiological evidence suggests a detrimental impact of mercury on cardiovascular risk factors such as heart rate variability (HRV) and blood pressure (BP). The objective of this study was to assess the impact of mercury exposure on BP, resting heart rate (HR) and HRV among Cree adults. Data were collected among 791 adults >= 18 years old living in seven communities of the James Bay. Blood mercury and hair levels were used as biomarkers of recent and long-term exposure. BP was measured through a standardised protocol while HRV was derived from a 2-h Hotter monitoring assessment. The relationship between mercury and the outcomes was studied using ANOVA and ANCOVA analysis. Geometric mean of blood mercury and hair mercury concentration was 17.0 nmol/L (95%CI: 6.1-44.0) and 2.36 nmol/g (95%CI: 2.09-2.65); respectively. After adjusting for confounders, blood mercury was associated with HRV parameters such as LF (beta=0.21, P=0.0002), HF (beta=0.15, P=0.004) and LF/HF (beta=0.06, P=0.003). Similar associations were observed with hair mercury. In contrast, no significant association was observed between blood mercury or hair mercury and BP after adjusting for confounders. In conclusion, mercury exposure seems to affect HRV among Cree adults even after considering fish nutrients (n-3 fatty acids and selenium) and other contaminants (lead and polychlorinated biphenyls) that are also present in the traditional diet of this population. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intramuscular fatty acid composition of "Galician Mountain" foals breed Effect of sex, slaughtered age and livestock production system; The effects of sex, slaughtered age (9 vs. 12 months) and livestock production system (freedom extensive system vs. semi extensive system) of "Galician Mountain" foals breed on the fatty acid composition were studied. The sex and slaughtered age of the animals had no statistical significance in the intramuscular fatty acids. Furthermore, the livestock production system showed differences in the fatty acid profiles from the Longissimus dorsi. The feeding system showed significant differences in PUFA content (P<0.001) higher in freedom extensive production system that semi extensive system, whereas MUFA content was significantly (P<0.001) higher in semi extensive system. This major PUFA content in freedom extensive production showed a significant (r = 0.70, P<0.01) correlation with C18:3n-3 content and can be attributed to their eaten only pasture until slaughtered. The higher MUFA contents (P<0.001) observed for semi extensive production system foals were very significant (r = 0.98, p<0.01) correlated with C18:1cis-9 content and less significant (r = 0.81, P<0.01) correlated with C16:1cis-9 content. In addition, the data reinforced the evidence that foals from extensive production system on wood pasture have a higher nutritional quality (mainly due to the higher levels of n-3 PUFA) when compared to concentrate-fed foals, as a result of the beneficial effects of grass on meat fatty acid profiles. (C) 2010 The American Meat Science Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Different Adipose Depots: Their Role in the Development of Metabolic Syndrome and Mitochondrial Response to Hypolipidemic Agents; Adipose tissue metabolism is closely linked to insulin resistance, and differential fat distributions are associated with disorders like hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Adipose tissues vary in their impact on metabolic risk due to diverse gene expression profiles, leading to differences in lipolysis and in the production and release of adipokines and cytokines, thereby affecting the function of other tissues. In this paper, the roles of the various adipose tissues in obesity are summarized, with particular focus on mitochondrial function. In addition, we discuss how a functionally mitochondrial-targeted compound, the modified fatty acid tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA), can influence mitochondrial function and decrease the size of specific fat depots.
Changes within Liver Accounts for Fatty Acids Decrease in the Blood of Rats with Adjuvant-Induced Arthritis; This study characterizes rheumatoid arthritis-related free fatty acids (FFAs) changes using adjuvant-induced arthritis (AIA) model. Blood FFAs of healthy and AIA rats are periodically determined. During acute inflammation, FFAs levels are analyzed under both fasting and non-fasting conditions. Oral intake capacities are compared by everted intestinal sac experiment. Tissue distribution of FFAs in the rats fed with/without linolenic acid is also investigated. AIA decreases FFAs in rats. Saturated FFAs are gradually recovered, but unsaturated FFAs are further reduced till the secondary inflammation. FFAs level gap remains unchanged regardless of feeding/fasting, and intestinal intake capacities of the rats are similar. FFAs levels in liver fluctuate in accordance with blood levels. Increased carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 (CPT-1) reveals the accelerated FFAs utilization in AIA rats, resulting in the accumulation of acetoacetic acid and 2-hydroxybutyrate. Hepatocytes incubated with AIA serum take in more FFAs than normal controls when supply is sufficient. To the opposite, intracellular FFAs are reduced after AIA serum stimulus without additional supply. Besides, AIA serum-challenged cells produce more CPT-1. Hence, the reduced circulating FFAs in AIA rats should be attributed to the accelerated utilization in liver.Practical Applications: This study provides additional possible therapeutic approaches for the treatment of RA by focusing on the changes of blood FFAs. Obtained clues demonstrate that liver will be a key in the elucidation of RA-related lipid paradox, and diet supplement of the unsaturated FFAs will be beneficial in treating RA.
Self Medication and Use of Dietary Supplements in Adult Patients with Endocrine and Metabolic Disorders; Introduction: Patients often use dietary supplements in addition to the therapies prescribed by their physicians. This self medication is often not listed in the drug history. We supposed that people, who are more afraid of co-morbidities or diabetes late complications and who exhibit a higher fear of the potential side effects of prescribed drugs, are more inclined to use dietary supplements.
Cervical anticancer activities of <i>Annona squamosa</i> Linn. leaf isolate; Background and Aim: Cancer is one of the leading causes of death. the need for new anticancer herbal drugs is becoming more urgent considering the side effects of synthetic drugs. This study aimed to determine the anticancer activity of isolates derived from the methanol extract of lnnona squamosa Linn. leaves and to identify the compounds that have an active effect against HeLa cells.
HDL and reverse cholesterol transport in diabetes; Despite the fact that numerous epidemiological studies and clinical experience have documented the very high incidence of macrovascular disease in diabetes, conventional risk factors account for no more than similar to 25% of this excess risk, It is therefore clear that a number of other processes, some of which are unique to the diabetic state, are operative that accelerate atherogenesis. Among the fruitful avenues of investigation of the pathophysiology of diabetic vascular disease has been the recognition that the transfer of neutral lipids (GET) among the lipoproteins in plasma, a process mediated by a 74-kDa transfer protein (CETP), is pathologically increased in both IDDM and NIDDM, and the severity of this defect correlates directly with glycemic central and plasma triglyceride concentrations, One consequence of this disturbance is that subpopulations of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins become enriched with cholesteryl ester (CE) and resemble postprandial particles that are believed to be highly atherogenic. Because CETP also has the capacity to transfer lipoprotein phospholipids, its actions can significantly alter lipoprotein composition and possibly predispose affected particles to further modifications, This defect in CET appears to be related to iatrogenic hyperinsulinemia associated with conventional subcutaneous insulin treatment, because it is fully reversed in insulin-requiring IDDM and NIDDM subjects when insulin levels are lowered by administering insulin directly into the portal circulation from an implanted pump with an intraperitoneal catheter. Since the placement of pancreas allografts in the pel iis results in systemic hyperinsulinemia, CET remains abnormally increased after pancreas transplantation in IDDM. CET is normal, however, when the transplanted pancreas drains into the portal circulation, which normalizes insulin levels, In both IDDM and NIDDM, this disturbance in CET results from abnormal behavior of qualitatively altered lipoproteins and not from changes in CETP mass, Evidence supporting the mechanism is that treatment with marine lipids (i.e., fish oil) containing omega-3 fatty acids and the antioxident probucol, both of which are lipophilic and alter the lipoprotein core and surface composition, corrects the abnormality in GET. Because CET is pathologically increased when glycemic control is poor, plasma triglyceride is elevated, and hyperinsulinemia is present, this disturbance occurs frequently in diabetic patients and may be a major pathway fur increasing populations of lipoprotein particles with enhanced atherogenicity.
A Salmon Protein Hydrolysate Exerts Lipid-Independent Anti-Atherosclerotic Activity in ApoE-Deficient Mice; Fish consumption is considered health beneficial as it decreases cardiovascular disease (CVD)-risk through effects on plasma lipids and inflammation. We investigated a salmon protein hydrolysate (SPH) that is hypothesized to influence lipid metabolism and to have anti-atherosclerotic and anti-inflammatory properties. 24 female apolipoprotein (apo) E-/- mice were divided into two groups and fed a high-fat diet with or without 5% (w/w) SPH for 12 weeks. The atherosclerotic plaque area in aortic sinus and arch, plasma lipid profile, fatty acid composition, hepatic enzyme activities and gene expression were determined. A significantly reduced atherosclerotic plaque area in the aortic arch and aortic sinus was found in the 12 apoE(-/-) mice fed 5% SPH for 12 weeks compared to the 12 casein-fed control mice. Immunohistochemical characterization of atherosclerotic lesions in aortic sinus displayed no differences in plaque composition between mice fed SPH compared to controls. However, reduced mRNA level of Icam1 in the aortic arch was found. The plasma content of arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6) and oleic acid (C18:1n-9) were increased and decreased, respectively. SPH-feeding decreased the plasma concentration of IL-1 beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha and GM-CSF, whereas plasma cholesterol and triacylglycerols (TAG) were unchanged, accompanied by unchanged mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation and acyl-CoA: cholesterol acyltransferase (ACAT)-activity. These data show that a 5% (w/w) SPH diet reduces atherosclerosis in apoE(-/-) mice and attenuate risk factors related to atherosclerotic disorders by acting both at vascular and systemic levels, and not directly related to changes in plasma lipids or fatty acids.
Dietary Cod Protein Reduces Plasma C-Reactive Protein in Insulin-Resistant Men and Women; Chronic low-grade inflammation has been associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Recently, we showed that cod protein (CP) improved insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant subjects, In this study, we investigated the effects of dietary CP compared with those of other animal proteins on plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, lipids, and lipoproteins in insulin-resistant subjects. Nineteen Caucasian men and women aged 40-65 y, overweight or obese (BMI > 25 kg/m(2)), and insulin resistant, rotated in a crossover design and consumed a CP diet and a similar diet containing lean beef, pork, veal, eggs, milk, and milk products (BPVEM) for 4 wk each. Diets differed only in protein source and thus provided equivalent amounts of dietary fibers, monounsaturated fat, PUFA [including (n-3) fatty acids], and SFA. Blood samples were collected before and after each experimental diet. Notably, the CP diet decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP; P = 0.021), whereas the BPVEM diet tended to increase it (P = 0.063), leading to a significant difference between diets (P = 0.041). Changes in plasma interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin concentrations did not differ between diets. Plasma total cholesterol (P = 0.0007), LDL cholesterol (P = 0.014), and apolipoprotein B (P = 0.005) were reduced only by the BPVEM diet. Thus, changes in total cholesterol differed between diets (P = 0.040), whereas changes in LDL cholesterol (P = 0.052) and apolipoprotein B (P = 0.075) tended to differ. Changes in all other lipids and lipoproteins did not differ between diets. Therefore, these results show that CP can lower hsCRP, a marker of inflammation associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. J. Nutr. 138: 2386-2391, 2008.
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID DEFICIENCY DEPLETES RAT GLOMERULI OF RESIDENT MACROPHAGES AND INHIBITS ANGIOTENSIN II-INDUCED EICOSANOID SYNTHESIS; Essential fatty acid (EFA) deficiency exerts a beneficial effect on immume-mediated glomerulonephritis, preventing both the tissue injury and consequent mortality. Because both macrophages and eicosanoids are through to play pathogenic roles in glomerulonephritis, and because macrophages play an important role in modulation arachidonate metabolism at sites of renal injury, the effects of EFA deficiency on the population of resident glomerular macrophages and on glomerular eicosanoid generation were examined. EFA deficiency led to a striking reduction in the number of resident glomerular macrophages and a corresponding reduction in the number of resident glomerular Ia+ cells. This phenomenon was not strain-specific, was not due to a decrease in cicrulating monocytes, was not a function of changes in cell surface labeling characteristics, was not restricted to a specific subset of glomeruli. In addition, EFA deficiency affected other areas of the renal cortex: a comparable depletion of intersitital marcrophages and Ia+ cells was also observed. In conjunction with the decrease in glomerular macrophages seen with the deficiency state, a marked decrease in both basal and antgiotensin II-stimulated glomerular eicosanoid production was noted. In contrast to angiotensin II, platelet-activating factor-induced eicosanoid production was not significantly affected by the deficiency state. These changes in glomerular eicosanoid production could not be attributed to changes in glomerular cyclooxygenase or reacylation capacity. Dietary (n -6) fatty acid supplementation, but not (n - 3) fatty acid supplementation, reversed both the decrease in glomerular macrophages and the diminished eicosanoid metabolism seen with the deficiency state. Understanding the mechanisms behind the changes in the glomerular microenvironment induced by EFA deficiency may provide a basis for elucidating the protective effect of dietary fatty acid manipulation of immune-mediated glomerulonephritis.
Chemical constituents and <i>in vitro</i> anticancer activity of <i>Typhonium flagelliforme</i> (Araceae); Aim of the study: Typhonium flagelliforme is an indigenous plant of Malaysia and is used by the local communities to treat cancer. This study aims to identify the chemical constituents of Typhonium flagelliforme particularly those which have antiproliferative properties towards human cancer cell lines.
Diet and the risk of breast cancer in a case-control study:: Does the threat of disease have an influence on recall bias?; It has been suggested that recall bias may explain the discrepant results between case-control and cohort studies on diet and the risk of breast cancer. Two control groups were used for this case-control study of 25 to 75-year old breast cancer cases (n = 310). The first group consisted of population controls drawn from the Finnish National Population Register (n = 454). The second group consisted of women who were referred to the same examinations as were the cases because of clinical suspicion of breast disease but who were later diagnosed as healthy (referral controls; n = 506). Because the diagnosis was unknown at the time of interview, it was possible to assess by comparing the two control groups whether the self-reporting of diet changed under the threat of disease. Dietary habits were examined using a validated, self administered food-frequency questionnaire. Premenopausal women misreported their consumption of liquid milk products, tea, and sugar. Reporting bias was also associated with the intake of fat and vitamins. Postmenopausal women misreported consumption of milk products. When recall bias was taken into consideration, milk was associated with increased risk of premenopausal breast cancer, whereas high consumption of poultry or high intake of monounsaturated fatty acids, n-3 fatty acids, n-6 fatty acids, and vitamin E were related to lower risk. The study suggested that oil, milk, cheese, coffee and beta-carotene may act as protective factors in postmenopausal women, whereas butter and cream may be risk factors for breast cancer. In summary, it is possible that some food items may be overreported or underreported under the threat of disease in health conscious population. However, most of the results in this study were not modified by recall bias. I CLIN EPIDEMIOL 52;5:429-439, 1999. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Health effects of nutrients and environmental pollutants in Baltic herring and salmon: a quantitative benefit-risk assessment; Background Health risks linked with dioxin in fish remain a complex policy issue. Fatty Baltic fish contain persistent pollutants, but they are otherwise healthy food. We studied the health benefits and risks associated with Baltic herring and salmon in four countries to identify critical uncertainties and to facilitate an evidence-based discussion. Methods We performed an online survey investigating consumers' fish consumption and its motivation in Denmark, Estonia, Finland, and Sweden. Dioxin and methylmercury concentrations were estimated based on Finnish studies. Exposure-response functions for several health endpoints were evaluated and quantified based on the scientific literature. We also quantified the infertility risk of men based on a recent European risk assessment estimating childhood dioxin exposure and its effect on sperm concentration later in life. Results Baltic herring and salmon contain omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin D, and the beneficial impact of these fishes on cardiovascular diseases, mortality, and the risk of depression and cancer clearly outweighs risks of dioxins and methylmercury in people older than 45 years of age and in young men. Young women may expose their children to pollutants during pregnancy and breast feeding. This study suggests that even in this critical subgroup, the risks are small and the health benefits are greater than or at least similar to the health risks. Value of information analysis demonstrated that the remaining scientific uncertainties are not large. In contrast, there are several critical uncertainties that are inherently value judgements, such as whether exceeding the tolerable weekly intake is an adverse outcome as such; and whether or not subgroup-specific restrictions are problematic. Conclusions The potential health risks attributable to dioxins in Baltic fish have more than halved in the past 10 years. The new risk assessment issued by the European Food Safety Authority clearly increases the fraction of the population exceeding the tolerable dioxin intake, but nonetheless, quantitative estimates of net health impacts change only marginally. Increased use of small herring (which have less pollutants) is a no-regret option. A more relevant value-based policy discussion rather than research is needed to clarify official recommendations related to dioxins in fish.
Lipid-Lowering Therapy in HIV-Infected Patients: Relationship with Antiretroviral Agents and Impact of Substance-Related Disorders; Background: The use of combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) has significantly decreased the morbidity and mortality associated with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Lipid disorders, including lipodystrophy, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypercholesterolemia, remain the most commonly reported metabolic disorders among those treated with long-term cART. Mounting evidence suggests an association between drug abuse and poor glycemic control and diabetes complications. Substance related disorders (SRD) may increase the risk of metabolic syndrome.
Signaling and cytotoxic functions of 4-hydroxyalkenals; The peroxidation of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and of their hydroperoxy metabolites is a complex process. It is initiated by free oxygen radical-induced abstraction of a hydrogen atom from the lipid molecule followed by a series of nonenzymatic reactions that ultimately generate the reactive aldehyde species 4-hydroxyalkenals. The molecule 4-hydroxy-2E-hexenal (4-HHE) is generated by peroxidation of n-3 PUFAs, such as linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid. The aldehyde product 4-hydroxy-2E-nonenal (4-HNE) is the peroxidation product of n-6 PUFAs, such as arachidonic and linoleic acids and their 15-lipoxygenase metabolites, namely 15-hydroperoxyeicosatetraenoic acid (15-HpETE) and 13-hydroperoxyoctadecadienoic acid (13-HpODE). Another reactive peroxidation product is 4-hydroxy-2E,6Z-dodecadienal (4-HDDE), which is derived from 12-hydroperoxyeicosatetraenoic acid (12-HpETE), the 12-lipoxygenase metabolite of arachidonic acid. Hydroxyalkenals, notably 4-HNE, have been implicated in various pathophysiological interactions due to their chemical reactivity and the formation of covalent adducts with macromolecules. The progressive accumulation of these adducts alters normal cell functions that can lead to cell death. The lipophilicity of these aldehydes positively correlates to their chemical reactivity. Nonetheless, at low and noncytotoxic concentrations, these molecules may function as signaling molecules in cells. This has been shown mostly for 4-HNE and to some extent for 4-HHE. The capacity of 4-HDDE to generate such "mixed signals" in cells has received less attention. This review addresses the origin and cellular functions of 4-hydroxyalkernals.
Hexane Fraction of <i>Turbo brunneus</i> Inhibits Intermediates of RANK-RANKL Signaling Pathway and Prevent Ovariectomy Induced Bone Loss; Osteoporosis is a "silent disease" characterized by fragile and impaired bone quality. Bone fracture results in increased mortality and poor quality of life in aged people particularly in postmenopausal women. Bone is maintained through the delicate balance between osteoclast-mediated bone resorption and osteoblast-mediated bone formation. The imbalance is caused most often by overly active osteoclasts due to estrogen deficiency. Natural products have long been used to prevent and treat osteoporosis since they have fewer side effects. The marine environment is a potential source of biologically and structurally novel biomolecules with promising biological activities but is less explored for the treatment of bone-related diseases. The present study aims to evaluate the antiosteoporotic effect of Hexane fraction of Turbo brunneus methanolic extract (HxTME) and to investigate its role in RANK-RANKL signaling pathway using in vitro osteoclasts cultures and in vivo ovariectomized (OVX) Swiss mice model. The present study demonstrated that the HxTME significantly inhibited RANKL induced osteoclast differentiation and maturation in vitro. HxTME completely downregulated the mRNA expression of key transcription factors such as NFATc 1, c-FOS, and osteoclasts related genes involved in osteoclastogenesis. In vivo studies also depicted the effectiveness of HxTME in ovariectomized mice by preserving bone microarchitecture, mineral content, and inhibiting bone loss in treated mice as analyzed by Histomorphometry, MicroCT, and Raman spectroscopy. Oral administration of HxTME fraction resulted in the decreased percentage of F4/80(+), CD11b(+) , and CD4(+) RANKL(+) T cells in OVX mice whereas pro-osteoclastic cytokine, IL6 was markedly reduced upon treatment with HxTME. On stimulation with PMA/Io and PHA, a significant decrease in proliferative response in the splenocytes of HxTME treated OVX mice was observed. Fatty acid profiling revealed that HxTME is rich in omega 3 and omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which have high nutraceutical properties and are known to play important role in growth, development and maintenance of health. Therefore, HxTME may be a good source of nutraceutical in the treatment of bone-related diseases particularly in postmenopausal osteoporosis and may be pursued as a potential candidate for treatment and management of osteoporosis.
What Combination Therapy with a Statin, If Any, Would You Recommend?; The latest recommended goals for blood lipid levels may require multiple lipid drugs. Lower doses in combination may render more efficacy and safety than highest doses of single agents. Except for isolated hypoalphalipoproteinemia (a low level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), therapies will start with a statin. All marketed statins are acceptable. The choice may be based on dose-efficacy and patient's tolerability. High-potency statins (eg, atorvastatin, simvastatin, or rosuvastatin) are often chosen. Currently, generic statins, such as simvastatin, lovastatin, pravastatin, and fluvastatin, offer cost benefits. The choice of added agent depends on the "residual lipoprotein abnormalities" after statin therapy, efficacy, compliance issues, and cost. Approved "combined" preparations improve cost and compliance. To further lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, ezetimibe is a safe, efficacious choice, pending resolution of a controversial trial's results. Colesevelam is moderately effective and the best tolerated bile acids sequestrant. In combined dyslipidemias, extended-release niacin is the best tolerated niacin preparation; other quality-controlled immediate-release preparations have similar safety and efficacy but produce more flushing of the skin. Niacin or fenofibrate is effective in normalizing high-density lipoprotein and triglyceride levels persisting after statin therapy. Agents approved by the US Food and Drug Administration and the latest guidelines of the National Cholesterol Education Program, American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology provide choices and indications of drug combinations.
Substitution of poultry and red meat with fish and the risk of peripheral arterial disease: a Danish cohort study; Purpose The aims of this study were to examine associations between substitutions of poultry and red meat intake with fish (total, lean or fatty) and the risk of peripheral arterial disease (PAD). We hypothesised that a higher intake of fish and a concomitant lower intake of poultry or red meat were associated with a lower risk of incident PAD.
THE ESKIMO DIET - PROPHYLACTIC EFFECTS ASCRIBED TO THE BALANCED PRESENCE OF NATURAL CIS UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AND TO THE ABSENCE OF UNNATURAL TRANS AND CIS ISOMERS OF UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS; In addition to the well recognised roles of eicosapentaenoic acid and possibly docosahexaenoic acid, there are two other major important, but unrecognised, features of the traditional Eskimo staple diet namely that (i) it contains the unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) cis oleic, cis linoleic and cis alpha-linolenic as well as their respective C20 and C22 metabolites in physiologically optimal concentrations and, (ii) it is virtually totally devoid of unnatural and potentially hazardous trans and  cis isomers of these fatty acids. Large quantities of unnatural trans and cis isomers of UFA are found in the Western diet as partially hydrogenated UFA in many foods. These isomers are formed (i) during the manufacture of margarines and related compounds, (ii) as food contaminants during excessive heating of cooking oils for deep-frying and other excessive heat-requiring mass food preparation procedures and (iii) it is suggested, as the result of excessive feeding with an unnatural diet of  ruminants and non-ruminants for increased meat and/or milk production and of poultry for increased egg and/or meat production. These isomers have been shown to display potentially hazardous metabolic effects which include the competitive inhibition of UFA metabolism at various steps and have been causally implicated in the etiology of ischemic heart disease and cancer. It is suggested that the myth of the safety of trans fatty acids arises from misinterpretation of the observatin that  increasing dietary cis linoleic acid reduces the toxic effects of trans UFA. It is suggested that the decrease of 20% in the ischemic heart disease mortality in the USA during the past two decades is directly related to a shift in the dietary ratio of unnatural trans and cis UFA isomers: cis linoleic acid in favour of the latter. It is predicted that this ratio will be found to correlate with ischemic heart disease patterns in other countries. Eskimos consume the bulk of their food frozen, raw  or dried, seldom boiled, but never deep-fried or after exposure to excessive heat. Moreover the proportionality of cis UFA and their metabolites in their traditional staple diet would render gross tissue UFA utilization relatively independent of desaturase enzyme activity. In the Eskimo tissues these enzymes would function to make the minute, critical UFA metabolic adjustments required to (i) ensure the presence of structural UFA in membranes in functionally optimal quantities and, (ii) ensure  the synthesis of eicosanoids from dihomogamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid in balanced, optimal physiological concentrations for the genetic make-up of Eskimos. It is therefore proposed that the composition of the Eskimo diet, specifically with regard to its content of natural cis UFA and of their respective cis longer chain metabolites, could account for its reported prophylactic effects. It is further proposed that regular dietary supplementation with longer  chain UFA metabolites will correct the hazardous metabolic effects caused by the presence of unnatural trans and cis UFA in the tissues of humans chronically consuming a Western diet. By thus mimicking the Eskimo diet, therapeutic and prophylactic effects could be achieved in a wide range of Western degenerative diseases including cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Dietary habits in Australian, New Zealand and Malaysian patients with end stage kidney failure: A pre-specified cross-sectional study of the FAVOURED trial participants; Background Dietary management plays an important role in patients with kidney failure. Current dietary habits of Australians and New Zealanders (ANZ) and Malaysians with chronic kidney disease (CKD Stage 4-5) have not been adequately investigated. We report the dietary habits of people with advanced CKD and their adherence to country-specific dietary guidelines. Methods Participants with CKD Stage 4-5, enrolled in the Omega-3 Fatty Acids (Fish oils) and Aspirin in Vascular access Outcomes in Renal Disease (FAVOURED) trial, completed a lifestyle questionnaire at baseline on their dietary intake. Results Of 567 participants, 538 (ANZ, n = 386; Malaysian, n = 152; mean +/- SD age 54.8 +/- 14.3 years, 64% male) completed the questionnaire. Dietary fruit and vegetable intakes were higher in ANZ participants; 49% (n = 189) consumed >= 2 serves day(-1) of fruit and 61% (n = 235) ate >= 2 serves day(-1) of vegetables compared to 24% (n = 36) and 34% (n = 52) of Malaysians, respectively (p < 0.0001). Only 4% (n = 15) of ANZ participants met Australian Dietary recommendations of two fruit and five vegetable serves day(-1). Fish consumption was higher in Malaysians with 83% (n = 126) consuming >= 2 serves week(-1) compared to 21% (n = 81) of ANZ participants (p < 0.001). Red meat intake was higher in ANZ participants; however, chicken consumption was similar; 48% (n = 185) consumed >2 chicken serves week(-1) and 65% (n = 251) ate >2 serves week(-1) of red meat compared to 43% (n = 65) and 15% (n = 23) of Malaysians, respectively. Conclusions Significant regional variation in dietary intake for fruit, vegetables and animal protein is described that likely reflects cultural and economic differences. Barriers to meeting recommended dietary intakes require further investigation.
Unsaturated fatty acids as a co-therapeutic agents in cancer treatment; Chemotherapy is standard treatments for many malignancies. However, in most cases, this method is not able to induce apoptosis and in many cases, with cancer recurrence, leads to patient death. There are several procedure to control and suppress malignant cells, but among these methods, administration of -3 fatty acids and -6 fatty due to their destructive effects on cancer cells is more prominent. Many clinical studies have shown beneficial effects of -3 and -6 fatty acids in cardiovascular disorders, asthma, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoporosis and in most cancers such as colon, breast, prostate and other malignancies. Studies showed that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have a toxic effect on cancer cells. However, the exact mechanism of how - fatty acids affect cancer cells is still unknown. In this review alternative issues of malignancies co-treatments agents such as PUFAs have been studied. Also, the latest known PUFAs mechanisms on malignancies have been described.
Assessment of DHA on reducing early preterm birth: the ADORE randomized controlled trial protocol; Background: Preterm birth contributes to 0.5 million deliveries in the United States (one of eight pregnancies) and poses a huge burden on public health with costs in the billions. Of particular concern is that the rate of earliest preterm birth (<34 weeks) (ePTB), which has decreased little since 1990 and has the greatest impact on the overall infant mortality, resulting in the greatest cost to society. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation provides a potential high yield, low risk strategy to reduce early preterm delivery in the US by up to 75%. We propose a Phase III Clinical Trial (randomized to low or high dose DHA, double-blinded) to examine the efficacy and safety of high dose DHA supplementation to reduce ePTB. We also plan for a secondary pregnancy efficacy analysis to determine if there is a subset of pregnancies most likely to benefit from DHA supplementation.
Prenatal air pollution and children's autism traits score <i>Examination of joint associations with maternal intake of vitamin D</i>, <i>methyl donors</i>, <i>and polyunsaturated fatty acids using mixture methods</i>; Background: Maternal nutrient intake may moderate associations between environmental exposures and children's neurodevelopmental outcomes, but few studies have assessed joint effects. We aimed to evaluate whether prenatal nutrient intake influences the association between air pollutants and autism-related trait scores. Methods: We included 126 participants from the EARLI (Early Autism Risk Longitudinal Investigation, 2009-2012) cohort, which followed US pregnant mothers who previously had a child with autism. Bayesian kernel machine regression and traditional regression models were used to examine joint associations of prenatal nutrient intake (vitamins D, B12, and B6; folate, choline, and betaine; and total omega 3 and 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, reported via food frequency questionnaire), air pollutant exposure (particulate matter <2.5 mu m [PM2.5], nitrogen dioxide [NO2], and ozone [O-3], estimated at the address level), and children's autism-related traits (measured by the Social Responsiveness Scale [SRS] at 36 months). Results: Most participants had nutrient intakes and air pollutant exposures that met US standards. Bayesian kernel machine regression mixture models and traditional regression models provided little evidence of individual or joint associations of nutrients and air pollutants with SRS scores or of an association between the overall mixture and SRS scores. Conclusion: In this cohort with a high familial likelihood of autism, we did not observe evidence of joint associations between air pollution exposures and nutrient intake with autism-related traits. Future work should examine the use of these methods in larger, more diverse samples, as our results may have been influenced by familial liability and/or relatively high nutrient intakes and low air pollutant exposures.
Dietary Inflammatory Index and Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of Observational Studies; Background and Aims: The dietary inflammatory index (DII) is associated with non-communicable disease. We conducted an umbrella review to systematically evaluate meta-analyses of observational studies on DII and diverse health outcomes.
Polymorphisms of rs174616 in the <i>FADS1</i>-<i>FADS2</i> gene cluster is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in northern Han Chinese people; Aims: Several studies have shown associations between the composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in various tissues and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) development in European populations. Genetic variants of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) contribute to the variations of PUFA composition. Here we have explored whether similar correlations are also true among Chinese Han people.
Correlates of regular fish consumption in French elderly community dwellers: data from the Three-City study; Objective: Several studies have found an inverse association between fish consumption and risk of dementia. The objective of this study was to describe the characteristics of older fish consumers, in order to identify potential confounders in this relationship.
First report on efficacy of <i>Citrus limetta</i> seed oil in controlling cattle tick <i>Rhipicephalus microplus</i> in red Sahiwal calves; The objective of the study was to evaluate the acaricidal activity of Citrus limetta seed oil (CLO) for controlling the cattle tick Rhipicephalus microplus. C. limetta seeds were collected as a waste product from different juice corners. CLO was obtained after extraction of seeds on soxhlet apparatus using n-hexane as solvent. It was characterized through Gas Chromatography-High Resolution Mass Spectroscopy (GC-HRMS) to determine the presence of active constituents. In vitro bioassays were performed using adult immersion test (AIT) and larval packet test (LPT). In vivo acaricidal efficacy of CLO was performed on red Sahiwal calves using ear bag method. Clinical safety of CLO was evaluated by observing haematological parameters and skin irritancy assay. Results of GC-HRMS showed that mainly fatty acids such as linoleic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid, palmitic acid, and linolenic acid were present in the CLO. CLO in the concentration of 125 mg/mL (CLOG) exhibited 100 % mortality in both AIT and LPT. CLO significantly (p < 0.001) reduced the number of ticks from 35 to 5.05 and 3.24 on 144 h after treatment with CLO7 and CLO8, respectively. CLO was found clinically safe without producing erythema and edema on skin. Haematological parameters such as haemoglobin (11.48 g/100 mL), total leucocytes count (4.32 10(6)/cumm), total erythrocytes count (6.80 10(6)/cumm), and packed cell volume (34.39 %) were normal and controlled. CLO may be used as effective and safe drug therapy for controlling R. microplus ticks.
Effect of fish oil supplement in maintenance hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials; The purpose of this study was to systematically assess the efficacy of fish oil therapy on maintenance hemodialysis patients (MHD).
Management of hyperlipidaemia associated with heart transplantation; The past 20 years have seen considerable advances in the field of organ transplantation that have together led to a notable increase in survival rates and a reduction in postoperative morbidity of transplant recipients. However, these advances have been accompanied by the appearance of other complications of transplantation, such as post-transplant hyperlipidaemia, hypertension and graft coronary vasculopathy (GCV). GCV is an accelerated form of atherosclerosis in transplanted hearts that has proven to be one of the most important late complications of heart transplantation and is the single most limiting factor for long-term survival.
Understanding and predicting suicidality using a combined genomic and clinical risk assessment approach; Worldwide, one person dies every 40 seconds by suicide, a potentially preventable tragedy. A limiting step in our ability to intervene is the lack of objective, reliable predictors. We have previously provided proof of principle for the use of blood gene expression biomarkers to predict future hospitalizations due to suicidality, in male bipolar disorder participants. We now generalize the discovery, prioritization, validation, and testing of such markers across major psychiatric disorders (bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, schizoaffective disorder, and schizophrenia) in male participants, to understand commonalities and differences. We used a powerful within-participant discovery approach to identify genes that change in expression between no suicidal ideation and high suicidal ideation states (n = 37 participants out of a cohort of 217 psychiatric participants followed longitudinally). We then used a convergent functional genomics (CFG) approach with existing prior evidence in the field to prioritize the candidate biomarkers identified in the discovery step. Next, we validated the top biomarkers from the prioritization step for relevance to suicidal behavior, in a demographically matched cohort of suicide completers from the coroner's office (n = 26). The biomarkers for suicidal ideation only are enriched for genes involved in neuronal connectivity and schizophrenia, the biomarkers also validated for suicidal behavior are enriched for genes involved in neuronal activity and mood. The 76 biomarkers that survived Bonferroni correction after validation for suicidal behavior map to biological pathways involved in immune and inflammatory response, mTOR signaling and growth factor regulation. mTOR signaling is necessary for the effects of the rapid-acting antidepressant agent ketamine, providing a novel biological rationale for its possible use in treating acute suicidality. Similarly, MAOB, a target of antidepressant inhibitors, was one of the increased biomarkers for suicidality. We also identified other potential therapeutic targets or biomarkers for drugs known to mitigate suicidality, such as omega-3 fatty acids, lithium and clozapine. Overall, 14% of the top candidate biomarkers also had evidence for involvement in psychological stress response, and 19% for involvement in programmed cell death/cellular suicide (apoptosis). It may be that in the face of adversity (stress), death mechanisms are turned on at a cellular (apoptosis) and organismal level. Finally, we tested the top increased and decreased biomarkers from the discovery for suicidal ideation (CADM1, CLIP4, DTNA, KIF2C), prioritization with CFG for prior evidence (SAT1, SKA2, SLC4A4), and validation for behavior in suicide completers (IL6, MBP, JUN, KLHDC3) steps in a completely independent test cohort of psychiatric participants for prediction of suicidal ideation (n = 108), and in a future follow-up cohort of psychiatric participants (n = 157) for prediction of psychiatric hospitalizations due to suicidality. The best individual biomarker across psychiatric diagnoses for predicting suicidal ideation was SLC4A4, with a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) area under the curve (AUC) of 72%. For bipolar disorder in particular, SLC4A4 predicted suicidal ideation with an AUC of 93%, and future hospitalizations with an AUC of 70%. SLC4A4 is involved in brain extracellular space pH regulation. Brain pH has been implicated in the pathophysiology of acute panic attacks.
A Remote Nutritional Intervention to Change the Dietary Habits of Patients Undergoing Ablation of Atrial Fibrillation: Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: The Prevention With Mediterranean Diet (PREDIMED) trial supported the effectiveness of a nutritional intervention conducted by a dietitian to prevent cardiovascular disease. However, the effect of a remote intervention to follow the Mediterranean diet has been less explored.
Comparative analysis of the <i>in-vitro</i> antioxidant activity and bioactive compounds of flaxseed in China according to variety and geographical origin; The present study aimed to use a chemometric study to compare the in-vitro antioxidant activities and bioactive compounds of flaxseed based on the variety and geographical origins, and further explore the specific components constructed the endogenous antioxidant system of flaxseed in China. The differential contents of -linolenic acid (35.83-58.91%), lignans (11.37-33.31mg/g), total phenolic acids (109.93-246.88mg/100 g) and phytosterols (56.52-125.12mg/g) of 32 flaxseed varieties were observed. Concomitantly, the in-vitro antioxidant activities varied from 32.56 to 46.22mg TE/100 g, 0.58 to 1.08mg TE/g, and 14.22 to 36.14mmol TE/g as determined by the 2,2'-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical (DPPH), ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) and 2,2-azinobis-(3-ethylbenzthiazoline 6-sulfonic acid) (ABTS) assays, respectively. Significant correlations were found between the antioxidant activities and contents of free syringic acid, p-coumaric acid glucoside and secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG) (p<0.01). Principal component analysis showed a relatively dispersed distribution between samples, which was not effective enough to determine the geographical origins of the flaxseed samples. Hierarchical cluster analysis allowed flaxseed samples to be grouped based on their in-vitro antioxidant activities and bioactive component contents, primarily in relation to variety specificity.
Substrate utilization in sepsis and multiple organ failure; Sepsis and multiple organ failure are characterized by an excessive release of inflammatory mediators and a marked stimulation of stress hormones. These in turn have profound effects on energy and substrate metabolism: energy expenditure is generally increased, and increased lipolysis and fat oxidation are observed. Net protein breakdown occurs and leads to accelerated wasting. Most of these effects can be produced in healthy humans by administration of bacterial endotoxin or by tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Hyperlactatemia is a hallmark of sepsis and critical illness, and its severity is related to mortality. An increased lactate production, possibly secondary to activation of Na-K adenosine 5'-triphosphatase and to muscle mitochondrial dysfunction, is involved. Lactate production by immune cells and wound tissue may also play a role. Long-chain, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have anti-inflammatory effects that may be beneficial in sepsis. They also decrease the stimulation of stress hormones induced by bacterial endotoxin, possibly through an effect exerted at the level of the central nervous sytem. Their use in patients with sepsis does not lead to adverse metabolic effects. (Crit Care Med 2007; 35[Suppl.]:S531-S534)
Nutritional regulation of immunosenescence for heart health; Immunosenescence via increased inflammatory cytokines may play key regulatory roles in facilitating cardiac infections and heart failure. Based upon recent evidence, we hypothesize that cytokine polarization due to aging directly dysregulates fibroblasts, leading to altered cardiac structure and dysfunction. Some dietary fatty acids should ameliorate heightened inflammatory cytokines thereby retarding cardiac pathology, loss of structural collagen and premature death from heart failure. For example, T-helper (Th) 2 cells' cytokine levels are very high in seniors who have increased heart disease due to suppressed resistance to cardiotrophic pathogens. In addition, such inflammatory cytokines deregulate fibroblasts, thus reducing collagen synthesis, weakening muscle structure and heart pump function for heart failure and hypertension. Therefore, supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty (PUFA) or conjugated linoleic acids, by reducing Th2 and increasing Th1 cytokines, may provide a sensible and widely available means to treat and even prevent excessive inflammatory cytokines and their cardiotoxic effects. On the other hand, dietary n-6 PUFA may promote cytokine polarization in seniors, exacerbating age-related heart dysfunction. (C) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mercury in fishes of Alaska, with emphasis on subsistence species; In the north, the presence of mercury (Hg) in food leading to chronic exposure is a scientific, economic and political issue. Guidelines have been established for the safe consumption of fish containing Hg, however, adherence to these guidelines must be weighed against the health benefits of consuming fish, such as from the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins and minerals. Alaskan Natives generally consume much more fish than the national average. This review summarizes and synthesizes the significant amount of data that has been generated on Hg in Alaska fish, particularly those consumed by Alaskans. Also included are a review of the benefits of eating fish, human health concerns relating to Hg toxicity and various risk assessment guidelines for food consumption. Emphasis was placed on methylmercury (MeHg), the most toxic form to humans. Hg concentrations were examined in 17 freshwater fish species and 24 anadromous and marine fish species, for a total of 2692 specimens. For freshwater fish the greatest database was on northern pike (Esox lucius). For anadromous and marine fish the greatest database was on Pacific halibut (Hippoglossus stenolepis) and the five species of Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus spp.). Overall, most fish had muscle Hg concentrations of <= 1 mg kg(-1) (wet wt.), within the USFDA's Action Level and Alaska's guideline for safe concentrations of MeHg in edible fish. Pacific salmon, the most commonly consumed fish group, had exceptionally low (<= 0.1 mg kg(-1)) Hg concentrations. Pacific halibut muscle Hg content was less than 0.3 mg kg(-1). Northern pike, a piscivorous (fish-eating) and long-lived fish, contained the highest muscle Hg values, often exceeding the state's guidelines for food consumption. A discussion of the safe consumption level for pike is included. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fish Oil and Atrial Fibrillation after Cardiac Surgery: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Influence of fish oil supplementation on postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) was inconsistent according to published clinical trials. The aim of the meta-analysis was to evaluate the effects of perioperative fish oil supplementation on the incidence of POAF after cardiac surgery.
The effects of consuming a Mediterranean style diet on associated COVID-19 severity biomarkers in obese/overweight adults: A systematic review; Background: COVID-19 severity is strongly associated with high Body Mass Index (BMI) (>= 25kg/m(2)) amongst adults and elevated inflammatory markers have enabled prediction of disease progression. The composition of a Mediterranean diet provides favourable outcomes on weight reduction and inflammatory markers. Aim: This systematic review aimed to investigate the effects of consuming a Mediterranean diet on BMI and inflammatory markers of obese/overweight adults (>= 18 years) at risk of developing severe COVID-19 outcomes. Methods: PubMed Central, Cochrane Library and MEDLINE databases were searched to identify randomised controlled trials published between January 2010 to August 2021 evaluating the impact of Mediterranean diet on BMI and inflammatory markers in overweight/obese adults. The review followed the PRISMA checklist, used Cochrane Collaboration search strategies, and is PROSPERO registered (CRD42021277070). Two authors independently screened and evaluated studies for methodological quality. Papers were extracted and included based eligibility, despite risk of bias scores. Results: Of 65 extracted records, six studies met the eligibility criteria and were included. Reductions in BMI, TNF-alpha, IL-6 and hs-CRP were reported amongst most findings, the majority of which were significant. Conclusion: The main findings indicate a hypocaloric, fibre dense Mediterranean diet is a short-term (<4 months) mitigation strategy to significantly reduce BMI and inflammatory markers amongst overweight/obese adults at risk of developing severe COVID-19 outcomes. Further research is now needed to examine the role of Mediterranean diet in COVID-19 prevalence, severity, morbidity and mortality.
Associations between dietary fatty acid patterns and cognitive function in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos; Our objective was to quantify the cross-sectional associations between dietary fatty acid (DFA) patterns and cognitive function among Hispanic/Latino adults. This study included data from 8942 participants of the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos, a population-based cohort study (weighted age 56 center dot 2 years and proportion female 55 center dot 2 %). The National Cancer Institute method was used to estimate dietary intake from two 24-h recalls. We derived DFA patterns using principal component analysis with twenty-six fatty acid and total plant and animal MUFA input variables. Global cognitive function was calculated as the average z-score of four neurocognitive tests. Survey linear regression models included multiple potential confounders such as age, sex, education, depressive symptoms, physical activity, energy intake and CVD. DFA patterns were characterised by the consumption of long-chain SFA, animal-based MUFA and trans-fatty acids (factor 1); short to medium-chain SFA (factor 2); very-long-chain n-3 PUFA (factor 3); very-long-chain SFA and plant-based MUFA and PUFA (factor 4). Factor 2 was associated with greater scores for global cognitive function (beta = 0 center dot 037 (sd 0 center dot 012)) and the Digit Symbol Substitution (DSS) (beta = 0 center dot 56 (sd 0 center dot 17)), Brief Spanish English Verbal Learning-Sum (B-SEVLT) (beta = 0 center dot 23 (sd 0 center dot 11)) and B-SEVLT-Recall (beta = 0 center dot 11 (sd 0 center dot 05)) tests (P < 0 center dot 05 for all). Factors 1 (beta = 0 center dot 04 (sd 0 center dot 01)) and 4 (beta = 0 center dot 70 (sd 0 center dot 18)) were associated with the DSS test (P < 0 center dot 05 for all). The consumption of short to medium-chain SFA may be associated with higher cognitive function among US-residing Hispanic/Latino adults. Prospective studies are necessary to confirm these findings.
Could an El Nino event put dietary supplies of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (EPA and DHA) in jeopardy; The beneficial effects of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially EPA and DHA, for human health are widely recognised. Intakes of these fatty acids in many parts of Europe fall far short of the recommended intake, especially in young people. The most robust evidence from human health studies demonstrating beneficial effects is that for cardiovascular disease. Other beneficial effects have been reported for inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, cognitive and visual development in pre-term infants and on various psychological/behavioural and psychiatric disorders. For European consumers fish is the main source of EPA and DHA, especially oily fish, and in particular farmed Atlantic salmon. With evidence of a strong El Nino type event occurring in the Pacific currently (2015/16), fish stock biomasses have drastically declined and permitted fishing heavily reduced. Subsequent fish oil shortages have resulted in increased substitution of fish oil with vegetable oil in feeds for farmed salmon. A significant fall in EPA and DHA in these fish and a reduction in intake by consumers are expected in the short term. Avoiding fish oil shortages causing reductions in EPA and DHA intake by consumers in the future may be possible through the production of DHA-rich algal biomass if the cost can be reduced. Genetically modified crops which might also be a source of these fatty acids are unlikely to be acceptable for salmon feeds in Europe in the near future. Practical applications: If farmed Atlantic salmon is to continue to be an important source of EPA and DHA in European diets, especially those in the UK, consideration will have to be given to obtaining new sources of these fatty acids. It would be prudent to follow the development of cheaper forms of DHA-rich algal biomass for incorporation into salmon feeds. Any relaxation of the public's objections to the use of genetically modified crops to produce ingredients for salmon feeds should be followed. It may present the opportunity to use, for example, genetically modified Camelina sativa as an alternative source.
Lipid abnormalities in succinate semialdehyde dehydrogenase (<i>Aldh5a1</i><SUP>-/-</SUP>) deficient mouse brain provide additional evidence for myelin alterations; Earlier work from our laboratory provided evidence for myelin abnormalities (decreased quantities of proteins associated with myelin compaction, decreased sheath thickness) in cortex and hippocampus of Aldh5al(-/-) mice, which have a complete ablation of the succinate semialdehyde dehydrogenase protein [E.A. Donarum, D.A. Stephan, K. Larkin, E.J. Murphy, M. Gupta, H. Senephansiri, R.C. Switzer, P.L. Pearl, O.C. Snead, C. Jakobs, K.M. Gibson, Expression profiling reveals multiple myelin alterations in murine succinate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, J. Inher. Metab. Dis. 29 (2006) 143-156]. In the current report, we have extended these findings via comprehensive analysis of brain phospholipid fractions, including quantitation of fatty acids in individual phospholipid subclasses and estimation of hexose-ceramide in Aldh5al(-/-) brain. In comparison to wild-type littermates (Aldh5a(+/+)), we detected a 20% reduction in the ethanolamine glycerophospholipid content of Aldh5al(-/-) mice, while other brain phospholipids (choline glycerophospholipid, phosphatidylserine and phosphatidylinositol) were within normal limits. Analysis of individual fatty acids in each of these fractions revealed consistent alterations in n-3 fatty acids, primarily increased 22:6n-3 levels (docosahexaenoic acid; DHA). In the phosphatidyl serine fraction there were marked increases in the proportions of polyunsaturated fatty acids with corresponding decreases of monounsaturated fatty acids. Interestingly, the levels of hexose-ceramide (glucosyl- and galactosylceramide, principal myelin cerebrosides) were decreased in Aldh5al(-/-) brain tissue (one-tailed t test, p=0.0449). The current results suggest that lipid and myelin abnormalities in this animal may contribute to the pathophysiology. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Egg quality and welfare of white-, tinted-, and brown-shell egg layers in three different non-cage housing systems; The objective of this study was to compare the external, internal, and nutritional quality of eggs, and the welfare of non-beak-brimmed hens housed in three different non-cage systems: indoor litter floor pens (L), outdoor with pasture access (OP), and outdoor without pasture access (O). The external egg quality was analyzed for egg weight, shape index, specific gravity, incidence of cracked and dirty eggs, and shell colour, whereas the internal egg quality was analyzed for yolk colour, and Haugh units, and the nutritional egg quality was analyzed for n-3 fatty acids, cholesterol, and vitamins A and E. The hen welfare was evaluated using heterophil to lymphocyte ratio, duration of tonic immobility, and incidence of eggs with pink shells, brown spotted shells, or internal inclusions. Four Spanish breeds with different genetic background (white-, tinted-, brown-, and dark brown-shell egg layers) were used. A total of 1,140 fresh eggs and 360 hens were used. Additionally, 96 eggs were chosen to analyze their nutritional quality.
MiR-127-3p enhances macrophagic proliferation via disturbing fatty acid profiles and oxidative phosphorylation in atherosclerosis; Background: Atherosclerosis is a chronic pathology, leading to acute coronary heart disease or stroke. MiR-127 has been found significantly upregulated in advanced atherosclerosis. But its function in atherosclerosis remains unexplored. We explored the role of miR-127-3p in regulating atherosclerosis development and its downstream mechanisms. Methods: The expression profile of miR-127 in carotid atherosclerotic plaques of 23 patients with severe carotid stenosis was detected by RT-qPCR and in situ hybridization. Primary bone marrow -derived macrophages (BMDM) stimulated with oxidized low -density lipoprotein were used as an in vitro model. CCK-8, EdU, RT-qPCR, and flow cytometry were used to detect the proliferative capacity and polarization of BMDM, which were infected by lentivirus-carrying plasmid to upregulate or downregulate miR-127-3p expression, respectively. RNA sequencing combined with bioinformatic analysis and targeted fatty acid metabolomics approach were used to detect the transcriptome and lipid metabolites. The association between miR-127-3p and its target was verified by dual-luciferase activity reporting and Western blotting. Oxygen consumption rate of BMDM were detected using seahorse analysis. High -cholesterol -diet -fed low density lipoprotein deficient (LDLR-/-) mice, with -orwithout carotid tandem-stenosis surgery, were treated with miR-127-3p agomir or antagomir to examine its effect on plaque development and stability. Results: miR-127-3p, not -5p, is elevated in human advanced carotid atheroma and its expression is positively associated with macrophage accummulation in plaques. In vitro, miR-127-3p-overexpressed macrophage exhibites increased proliferation capacity and facilitates M1 polariztion whereas the contrary trend is present in miR-127-3p-inhibited macrophage. Stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) is one potential target of miR-127-3p. miR-127-3p mimics decreases the activity of 3 ' untranslated regions of SCD-1. Furthermore, miR-127-3p downregulates SCD1 expression, and reversing the expression of SCD1 attenuates the increased proliferation induced by miR-127-3p overexpression in macrophage. miR-127-3p overexpression could also lead to decreased content of unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs), increased content of acetyl CoA and increased level of oxidative phosphorylation. In vivo, miR-127-3p agomir significantly increases atherosclerosis progression, macrophage proliferation and decreases SCD1 expression and the content of UFAs in aortic plaques of LDLR-/- mice. Conversely, miR-127-3p antagomir attenuated atherosclerosis, macrophage proliferation in LDLR-/- mice, and enhanced carotid plaque stability in mice with vulnerable plaque induced. Conclusion: MiR-127-3p enhances proliferation in macrophages through downregulating SCD-1 expression and decreasing the content of unsaturated fatty acid, thereby promoting atherosclerosis development and decreasing plaque stability. miR-127-3p/SCD1/UFAs might provide potential therapeutic target for anti -inflammation and atherosclerosis.
Inhibition of the skeletal muscle Lands cycle ameliorates weakness induced by physical inactivity; Background Lipid hydroperoxides (LOOH) have been implicated in skeletal muscle atrophy with age and disuse. Lysophosphatidylcholine acyltransferase 3 (LPCAT3), an enzyme of the Lands cycle, conjugates a polyunsaturated fatty acyl chain to a lysophospholipid to form a polyunsaturated fatty acid containing phospholipid (PUFA-PL) molecule, providing substrates for LOOH propagation. Previous studies suggest that inhibition of the Lands cycle is an effective strategy to suppress LOOH. Mice with skeletal muscle-specific tamoxifen-inducible knockout of LPCAT3 (LPCAT3-MKO) were utilized to determine if muscle-specific attenuation of LOOH may alleviate muscle atrophy and weakness with disuse.
RETRACTED: Impact of weight loss diet associated with flaxseed on inflammatory markers in men with cardiovascular risk factors: a clinical study (Retracted article. See vol. 15, pg. 59, 2016); Background: Flaxseed has received attention for its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant role. The present study hypothesizes if flaxseed added to a weight loss diet could improve the lipid and metabolic profiles and decrease risk factors related to cardiovascular disease.
Protein, Essential Amino Acid, and Fatty Acid Composition of Five Target Fishery Species of Central Mediterranean Sea; The protein, essential amino acid, and fatty acid composition of European pilchard (Sardina pilchardus), European hake (Merluccius merluccius), surmullet (Mullus surmuletus), red mullet (Mullus barbatus), and deep water rose shrimp (Parapenaeus longirostris) from the central Mediterranean Sea were investigated. All the species showed an essential amino acid content of about 50% of total amino acids, while the protein and total fatty acids content varied from 19.9 to 24.8% and from 1.4 to 5.1%, respectively. The fatty acid profile mainly followed the order SFA (39.1-52.6%) > PUFA (21.0-39.3%) > MUFA (15.6-24.3%). Palmitic and stearic acids were predominant among saturated fatty acids (38-52% and 21-25%, respectively), while palmitoleic and oleic acids were the most represented of the total monounsaturated acids (10-21% and 55-68%, respectively). All the species, as expected, showed a more significant proportion of n-3 PUFA (EPA + DHA) of about 81-93% of the total PUFA, with the highest values was found in European pilchard. Also, several fat quality index values, such as n-6/n-3 ratio, PUFA/SFA, the index of atherogenicity (IA), the index of thrombogenicity (IT), the hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic ratio (HH), and fish lipid quality/flesh lipid quality (FLQ) were calculated to assess the nutritional quality. All the obtained results, along with the fat quality indexes, indicated the excellent nutritional values of the selected species.
Dietary supplement use by women at risk for breast cancer recurrence; Objective To develop a method of collecting, organizing, and analyzing information on nutrient and nonnutrient dietary supplement use by women at risk for breast cancer recurrence as a component of nutrition assessment and monitoring, and to describe the characteristics associated with dietary supplement use in this population at enrollment in a clinical trial to prevent breast cancer recurrence.
Fluoxetine for adults who are overweight or obese; Background
Fish oil-based microemulsion can efficiently deliver oral peptide blocking PD-1/PD-L1 and simultaneously induce ferroptosis for cancer immunotherapy; Peptide immune checkpoint inhibitors in cancer immunotherapy have attracted great attention recently, but oral delivery of these peptides remains a huge challenge due to the harsh gastrointestinal environment, large molecular size, high hydrophilic, and poor transmembrane permeability. Here, for the first time, a fish oil-based microemulsion was developed for oral delivery of programmed death-1/programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-1/PD-L1) blocking model peptide, OPBP-1. The delivery system was characterized, in vitro and in vivo studies were conducted to evaluate its overall implication. As a result, this nutraceutical microemulsion was easily formed without the need of co-surfactants, and it appeared light yellow, transparent, good flowability with a particle size of 152 +/- 0.73 nm, with a sustained drug release manner of 56.45 +/- 0.36% over 24 h and a great stability within the harsh intestinal environment. It enhanced intestinal drug uptake and transportation over human intestinal epithelial Caco-2 cells, and drastically elevated the oral peptide bioavailability of 4.1-fold higher than that of OPBP-1 solution. Meanwhile, the mechanism of these dietary droplets permeated over the intestinal enterocytic membrane was found via clathrin and caveolae-mediated endocytic pathways. From the in vivo studies, the microemulsion facilitated the infiltration of CD8(+) T lymphocytes in tumors, with increased interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) secretion. Thus, it manifested a promising immune anti-tumor effect and significantly inhibited the growth of murine colonic carcinoma (CT26). Furthermore, it was found that the fish oil could induce ferroptosis in tumor cells and exhibited synergistic effect with OPBP-1 for cancer immunotherapy. In conclusion, this fish oil-based formulation demonstrated great potential for oral delivery of peptides with its natural property in reactive oxygen species (ROS)-related ferroptosis of tumor cells, which provides a great platform for functional green oral delivery system in cancer immunotherapy.
Investigation of dietary supplements prevalence as complementary therapy: Comparison between hospitalized psoriasis patients and non-psoriasis patients, correlation with disease severity and quality of life; Objectives: Psoriasis patients are often displeased with traditional medical treatments and they may self-prescribe dietary supplements as an alternative or complementary treatments. We aimed to investigate the prevalence of self-medication of dietary supplements among psoriasis and non-psoriasis cases and its impact on disease severity and quality of life.
Retrospective lifetime dietary patterns are associated with demographic and cardiovascular health variables in an older community-dwelling Australian population; Dietary patterns derived from factor analytic procedures have been demonstrated to predict demographic and health outcomes across a wide range of populations. To examine the potential utility of long-term dietary recall, in the present study, we examined associations between dietary patterns from across the lifespan and demographic and later-life cardiovascular-related health variables, using the Lifetime Diet Questionnaire (LDQ). The LDQ is a self-administered, non-quantitative, retrospective FFQ designed to assess dietary intake from childhood to older age. Participants (n 352) from the Older People, Omega-3 and Cognitive Health trial, aged 65-91 years, completed the LDQ. Exploratory factor analysis was conducted on the LDQ and plausible dietary patterns were derived. As a result, three patterns were extracted from each life period, with five distinct patterns overall; these were 'traditional Australian' and 'non-traditional Australian', 'high-sugar and high-fat', 'vegetable' and 'fruit and vegetable' patterns. In separate adjusted regression models, age, sex, education, income, parental background and childhood physical activity all significantly predicted dietary patterns across the lifespan. A 'traditional Australian' pattern in childhood predicted higher HDL-cholesterol levels and lower odds of cholesterol medication use; lower HDL-cholesterol levels were predicted by the adult 'processed, high-sugar and high-fat' pattern, and higher intake of a 'non-traditional Australian' pattern in adulthood also predicted lower odds of using cardiac medications. Lifetime dietary recall, as instantiated by the LDQ, provides a hitherto untapped source of long-term dietary information in older adults that may contribute to greater understanding of the impact exerted by early-life and cumulative dietary choices on later-life health.
Acute consumption of fish oil improves postprandial VLDL profiles in healthy men aged 50-65 years; Dietary supplementation with fish oil induces beneficial changes in the size and concentration of plasma lipoproteins, although the underlying mechanism is unclear. We have investigated the effect of increasing the amount of fish oil in a single meal on the size and concentration of VLDL, LDL and HDL particles during the postprandial period. Healthy men aged 58 (SD 5) years (n 11) consumed isoenergetic, mixed macronutrient test meals containing either 0.3 g (reference, REF) or 2.2 g (high fish oil, HFO) fish oil in a randomised order, and blood samples were collected over the following 6h. Plasma lipoprotein size and concentration were measured by NMR spectroscopy. There was a significant interaction effect of time and meal composition on the VLDL, but not on the LDL or HDL, concentration (P=0.036) and particle size (P=0.005). Consuming the HFO meal significantly increased the VLDL concentration (P<0.05) and reduced VLDL particle size (P<0.05) when compared with the REF meal and baseline. LDL particle size decreased slightly during the postprandial period, but there was no difference between the meals. There was no effect of time or meal composition in the LDL concentration. The HDL concentration decreased and size increased slightly during the postprandial period, but there were no significant differences between the meals. Increased consumption of fish oil induces acute changes in the VLDL, but not in the LDL or HDL, metabolism.
A High-Fat SFA, MUFA, or n3 PUFA Challenge Affects the Vascular Response and Initiates an Activated State of Cellular Adherence in Lean and Obese Middle-Aged Men; BMI and fatty acid type affect postprandial metabolic TG responses, but whether these factors also affect vascular, inflammatory, and leukocyte adherence responses remains unclear. We therefore compared those postprandial responses between lean and obese men after 3 high-fat challenges differing in fatty acid composition. In a crossover double-blind study, 18 lean (BMI: 18-25 kg/m(2)) and 18 obese (BMI >29 kg/m(2)) middle-aged men received 3 isocaloric high-fat milkshakes containing 95 g fat (88% of energy), either high in SFAs (54% of energy/total fat), MUFAs (83% of energy/total fat), or n3 (omega-3) PUFAs (40% of energy/total fat). Hemodynamics, augmentation index (AIX), leukocyte cell surface adhesion markers, and plasma cytokines involved in vascular adherence, coagulation, and inflammation were measured before and after consumption of the milkshakes In both groups and after all shakes were consumed, AIX decreased; plasma soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM) 1, sICAM3, soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule (sVCAM) 1, and interleukin-8 increased; monocyte CD11a, CD11b, and CD621 expression increased; neutrophil CD11a, CD11b, and CD621 expression increased; and lymphocyte CD62I expression increased (P < 0.05). Lymphocyte CD11a and CD11b expression decreased in lean participants after consumption of all shakes but did not change in obese participants (P < 0.05). Obese participants had a less pronounced decrease in heart rate after the consumption of all shakes (P < 0.05). M U FA consumption induced a more pronounced decrease in blood pressure and AIX compared with the other milkshakes in both lean and obese participants (P < 0.05). High-fat consumption initiates an activated state of cellular adherence and an atherogenic milieu. This response was independent of fatty acid type consumed or of being lean or obese, despite the clear differences in postprandial TG responses between the groups and different milkshakes. These findings suggest that in addition to increased TGs, other mechanisms are involved in the high-fat consumption induced activated state of cellular adherence.
Gut function and immune and inflammatory responses in patients perioperatively fed with supplemented enteral formulas; Objective: To evaluate if the perioperative administration of a supplemented enteral formula modulates selective inflammatory and immune variables and gut function after surgery.
Fatty acid patterns and risk of prostate cancer in a case-control study nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition; Background: Fatty acids in blood may be related to the risk of prostate cancer, but epidemiologic evidence is inconsistent. Blood fatty acids are correlated through shared food sources and common endogenous desaturation and elongation pathways. Studies of individual fatty acids cannot take this into account, but pattern analysis can. Treelet transform (TT) is a novel method that uses data correlation structures to derive sparse factors that explain variation.
Fatty acids derived from a food frequency questionnaire and measured in the erythrocyte membrane in relation to adiponectin and leptin concentrations; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence on the association between fatty acids and adiponectin and leptin concentrations is scarce and inconsistent, which may in part be due to limitations of dietary reporting methods. We aimed to estimate the association of fatty acids, derived from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and measured in the erythrocyte membrane, with adiponectin and leptin concentrations.
Biomass and lipid production by <i>Cunnighamella elegans</i> UCP 542 using glycerin as carbon source; Fatty acids (FA) are structural constituents of cell membranes, play functions and energy metabolic reserves, besides forming hormones, and bile salts. Several studies suggest that fatty acids are beneficial to human health, preventing cardiovascular disease, colon cancer, and immune diseases. Filamentous fungi of the Mucoralean order are known to produce fatty acid of omega 6. In this sense, we investigated the production of polyunsaturated fatty acids, PUFAs by Cunninghamella elegans UCP 542 (Mucoralean fungus), using glycerin as alternative substrate carbon source, in order to minimize the production of costs.
Long-term effect of fish oil diet on basal and stimulated plasma glucose and insulin levels in ob/ob mice; In this study, the ob/ob mouse model was used to investigate epidemiological evidence linking fish intake to relative reduction in incidence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus and glucose. We have investigated, in comparison to low and high fat diets, the effect of a fish oil diet on basal and stimulated plasma glucose and insulin levels in male and female ob/ob mice. Mice were fed for 12 months with a saturated fat diet containing 25 % lard, with a low fat diet containing 5 % soybean oil, with a polyunsaturated fat diet containing 25 % safflower seed oil (n-6) or with polyunsaturated fat diet containing 23% fish oil (n-3). Total body weight increased to approximately 100 g at the end of the experiment, with the highest increase in the order of lard > safflower oil > fish oil > soybean oil diet. Intercurrent deaths were found especially in the fish oil diet group. Compared to the other diet groups, plasma insulin levels of the fish oil diet group were significantly increased 3 months after the start of the diet and remained higher for another 3 months. Thereafter, the level declined to those of the other diet groups. Glucose-tolerance tests at 3, 6, 8 and 10 months showed a tendency of more efficient tissue glucose uptake in the fish oil group compared to the other groups, which was in accordance with a higher plasma insulin levels. At 12 months, microscopy revealed an increased severity of hepatic brown pigment accumulation and extramedullary haematopoiesis in the spleen of mice fed with fish oil. We conclude that fish oil diet in ob/ob mice reduced the body weight gain and increased the glucose-induced insulin secretion. Fish oil diet also increased intercurrent mortality. However, a consistent course of death could not be established using morphological parameters. (C) 2002, Editrice Kurtis.
Lifestyle and behavioral factors and mitochondrial DNA copy number in a diverse cohort of mid-life and older adults; Mitochondrial DNA copy number (mtDNAcn) is a putative biomarker of oxidative stress and biological aging. Modifiable factors, including physical activity (PA), avoidance of heavy alcohol use and smoking, and maintaining good mental health, may reduce oxidative stress and promote healthy aging. Yet, limited data exist regarding how these factors are associated with mtDNAcn or whether age, sex or race/ethnicity moderate associations. In this cross-sectional study, we selected 391 adults (183 non-Hispanic White, 110 Black and 98 Hispanic; mean = 67 years) from the VITAL-DEP (VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL-Depression Endpoint Prevention) ancillary to the VITAL trial. We estimated associations between lifestyle and behavioral factors (PA, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking and depression) and log-transformed mtDNAcn using multivariable linear regression models. MtDNAcn was not correlated with chronological age; women had similar to 17% higher mtDNAcn compared to men. There were no significant associations between PA measures (frequency, amount or intensity) or alcohol consumption with mtDNAcn. Cigarette smoking (per 5 pack-years) was significantly associated with mtDNAcn (percent difference = -2.9% (95% confidence interval (CI) = -5.4%, -0.4%)); a large contrast was observed among heavy vs. non-smokers (>= 30 vs. 0 pack-years): percent difference = -28.5% (95% CI = -44.2%, -8.3%). The estimate of mtDNAcn was suggestively different for past vs. no depression history (percent difference = -15.1% 95% CI = -30.8%, 4.1%), but this difference was not statistically significant. The association between smoking and log-mtDNAcn varied by sex and race/ethnicity; it was stronger in men and Black participants. While chance findings cannot be excluded, results from this study support associations of smoking, but not chronological age, with mtDNAcn and suggest nuanced considerations of mtDNAcn as indicative of varying oxidative stress states vs. biological aging itself.
A panel of free fatty acid ratios to predict the development of metabolic abnormalities in healthy obese individuals; Increasing evidences support that metabolically healthy obese (MHO) is a transient state. However, little is known about the early markers associated with the development of metabolic abnormalities in MHO individuals. Serum free fatty acids (FFAs) profile is highlighted in its association with obesity-related insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). To examine the association of endogenous fatty acid metabolism with future development of metabolic abnormalities in MHO individuals, we retrospectively analyzed 24 [product FFA]/[precursor FFA] ratios in fasting sera and clinical data from 481 individuals who participated in three independent studies, including 131 metabolic healthy subjects who completed the 10-year longitudinal Shanghai Diabetes Study (SHDS), 312 subjects cross-sectionally sampled from the Shanghai Obesity Study (SHOS), and 38 subjects who completed an 8-week very low carbohydrate diet (VLCD) intervention study. Results showed that higher baseline level of oleic acid/stearic acid (OA/SA), and lower levels of stearic acid/palmitic acid (SA/PA) and arachidonic acid/dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (AA/DGLA) ratios were associated with higher rate of MHO to MUO conversion in the longitudinal SHDS. Further, the finding was validated in the cross-sectional and interventional studies. This panel of FFA ratios could be used for identification and early intervention of at-risk obese individuals.
Dietary Fats and Cardio-Metabolic Outcomes in a Cohort of Italian Adults; Background: Dietary fats, and especially saturated fatty acid (SFA), have been blamed for being the culprit in the dramatic increase in obesity and its associated diseases. However multiple systematic reviews and recent meta-analyses do not support the association between SFA and cardiovascular diseases. Thus, the objective of this study was to test whether specific types and subtypes of dietary fats are associated with metabolic outcomes in a cohort of Italian adults. Methods: Nutritional and demographic data of 1936 adults living in the south of Italy were examined. Food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) were administered to assess the intake of total dietary fat and each specific class of dietary fat, such as SFA, monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). The intake of fatty acids was also examined according to the carbon-chain length of each individual class. Cases of hypertension, type-2 diabetes and dyslipidemias were collected from previous doctor-confirmed diagnosis records (or direct measurement of blood pressure). Results: After adjustment for potential confounding factors, individuals reporting higher intakes of total and saturated fats were associated with lower likelihood of having hypertension (odds ratio (OR) = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.35, 0.91 and OR = 0.55, 95% CI: 0.34, 0.89, respectively). Moreover, higher intake of short-chain saturated fatty acids (SCSFAs) and medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MCSFAs) was inversely associated with dyslipidemia and diabetes (OR = 0.43, 95% CI: 0.23, 0.82 and OR = 0.25, 95% CI: 0.09, 0.72, respectively). Among MUFAs, C18:1 was inversely associated with hypertension and diabetes (OR = 0.52, 95% CI: 0.30, 0.92 and OR = 0.21, 95% CI: 0.07, 0.67, respectively), while C14:1 intake was inversely associated only with hypertension (OR = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.37, 0.88). In contrast, C20:1 intake was associated with dyslipidemia (OR = 3.35, 95% CI: 1.33, 8.42). Regarding PUFA, C18:2 and 20:5 were inversely associated with hypertension (OR = 0.33, 95% CI: 0.18, 0.60 and OR = 0.30, 95% CI: 0.10, 0.89, respectively). Conclusions: The consumption of SFA does not seem to be harmful to cardio-metabolic health and, on the contrary, SCSFA may exert beneficial effects. Further studies are needed to clearly validate the results of the present study.
A Fortified Street Food to Prevent Nutritional Deficiencies in Homeless Men in France; Objective: To develop a food policy approach to prevent nutritional deficiencies and malnutrition in homeless men in France.
Milk and Montasio-type cheese fatty acid composition from cows grazing on timothy and reed canarygrass pasture or fed indoor; The objective of this study was to compare the fatty acid (FA) profile of cheese and milk produced from cows grazing on timothy and reed canarygrass pasture or fed indoor. Twenty multiparous dairy cows were selected from a single farm in Pyeongchang (South Korea) and assigned to two experimental groups (TMR and PAST). TMR was kept indoor and fed with a total mixed ration, while PAST was maintained on timothy and reed canarygrass (70%-30%) pasture for 5 months (beginning of June-end of October). At approximately 6-day interval during this period, Montasio-type cheeses were produced for each experimental group, and at the same day, bulk milk for each group was collected. Chemical composition and FA profile of cheeses and milk and the texture of cheeses were carried out. The diet affected milk fat content, which was higher in PAST than in TMR (p < 0.05). The pasture feeding increased C18:0 (p < 0.01), C18:1n-9cis (p < 0.01), C18:3n-3 (p < 0.05), monounsaturated FA (p < 0.05) and n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA, p < 0.05), and reduced C12:0 (p < 0.01), C16:0 (p < 0.01), C18:2n-6cis (p < 0.05), C20:3n-6 (p < 0.05), saturated FA (p < 0.05) and n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio (p < 0.01) of both milk and cheese compared with those of TMR. From FA composition point of view, pasture-based feeding system increased the healthiness of dairy products.
Influence of hydrogenated fat and butter on CVD risk factors:: remnant-like particles, glucose and insulin, blood pressure and C-reactive protein; Dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat has been associated with increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD), possibly greater than predicted from changes in lipoprotein levels. To explore this issue further potential risk factors were assessed in subjects provided with each of six diets in randomized order containing as the major source of fat: soybean oil, semi-liquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, traditional stick margarine or butter. Plasma fatty acid profiles reflected diet, with triglyceride and phospholipid subfractions affected to a greater extent than cholesteryl ester. Non-fasting LDL-cholesterol levels were 144 27, 141 27, 146 26, 148 30, 151 29 and 165 +/- 31 mg/dl (P < 0.001) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were 5.50 +/- 1.25, 5.54 +/- 1.50, 5.69 +/- 1.29, 5.82 +/- 1.40, 6.11 +/- 1.30 and 5.94 +/- 1.43 (P = 0.011), respectively, whereas other lipoprotein levels were not significantly different. Remnant-like particles levels were unaffected by dietary fat, either in the fasting or non-fasting state. Differences in fasting insulin and glucose levels were small and would not be predicted to have a large impact on glucose homeostasis. There was no significant effect of dietary fat type on C-reactive protein levels or blood pressure. These data suggest that, as previously demonstrated, the major CVD risk factor adversely affected by dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat is LDL-cholesterol levels and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary <i>n</i>-<i>3</i> and <i>n</i>-<i>6</i> polyunsaturated fatty acids, the <i>FADS</i> gene, and the risk of gastric cancer in a Korean population; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and n-6 PUFAs are reported to have immunomodulatory effects, but few studies have examined these functions. Thus, we examined whether dietary n-3 and n-6 PUFAs are associated with the risk of gastric cancer and further investigated whether fatty acid desaturases 1 and 2 (FADS1 and FADS2) modify this association. In a case-control study, 1,464 participants (402 cases and 1,062 controls) were enrolled. A semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was utilized to measure dietary PUFA intake. Genotyping was performed using the Axiom (R) Exome 319 Array. Multivariable logistic models were established after adjusting for confounding variables. The risk of gastric cancer was significantly decreased among participants who had the highest tertile intake of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an n-3 PUFA, even after adjusting for covariates [odds ratios (OR) = 0.72, 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) = 0.53-0.99]. However, no significant interaction according to FADS1 rs174546 or FADS2 rs174583 was observed. In conclusion, we observed a significant inverse association between dietary DHA and the risk of gastric cancer but found that FADS1 rs174546 and FADS2 rs174583 did not modify the association between dietary n-3 or n-6 PUFAs and gastric cancer risk.
Interventions to prevent spontaneous preterm birth in women with singleton pregnancy who are at high risk: systematic review and network meta-analysis; OBJECTIVES
Association between intake of nutrients and food groups and liking for fat (The Nutrinet-Sante Study); Apart from the established association between liking for fat and fat intake, little is known about the association between liking for fat and intake of specific nutrients or food groups. We investigated the association between dietary intake and liking for fat, fat-and-sweet and fat-and-salt. Liking scores were constructed using a validated preference questionnaire administered to 41,595 French adults participating in the Nutrinet-Sante study. Dietary data were collected using web-based 24 h records. Relationships between liking and dietary intake were assessed using linear regression adjusted for age and energy intake. Results are expressed in percentage difference of intake between individuals with low liking and those with high liking. Compared with participants with low liking for fat, individuals with a strong liking for fat had higher intakes of total energy (+10.1% in women (W); +8.4% in men (M)), fats (W: +7.3%; M: +10.0%), saturated fats (W: +10.8%; M+15.4%), meat (W: +13.0%; M: +12.6%), butter (W: +34.0%; M: +48.1%), sweetened cream desserts (W: +14.8%; M: +21.1%) and croissant-like pastries (W: +27.2%; M: +36.9). They also consumed lower quantities of omega-3 fatty acids (W: -6.2%;M: -6.0%), fiber (W: -16.4%; M: -18.9%), fruits (W: -28.8%; M: -29.5%), vegetables (W: -16.4%; M: -19.7%) and yogurt (W: -12.1%; M: -14.8%). Participants with high liking for fat-and-salt had higher intakes of total energy, sodium and alcoholic beverages and lower consumption of total and simple carbohydrates and fruit and vegetables than persons with high liking for fat-and-sweet. Our study contributes to the understanding of liking as a determinant of dietary intake. It highlighted that increased liking for fat, especially fat-and-salt liking, was associated with a lower intake of healthy foods, such as fruit and vegetables. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute pancreatitis: modern aspects of pathogenesis and classification; There has been considered the pathogenesis of acute pancreatitis. Various mechanisms have been shown to lead to pancreatic cell damage of the same type. Intracellular activation of proteolytic and other enzymes (elastase, phospholipases A2) lead to the release of preexisting cytokines-interleukins IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, platelet-activating factor, tumour necrosis factor (TNF-alpha), some of which through the system of receptor-interreacting protein kinases cause the activation of the nuclear factor kappa beta that is responsible for the synthesis of pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines, as well 128
Commentary on: SMARCB1 as a novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarker for osteosarcoma; In the last couple of decades, biomarkers have been on the rise for diagnostic and predic-tive value. There has been a rush to identify new markers using new technologies and drug repurposing approaches. SMARCB1 acronym arises from the SWI/SNF (SWItch/Sucrose Non-Fermentable)-related Matrix-associated Actin-dependent Regulator of Chromatin sub-family B member 1 (SMARCB1). It is a molecule, whose role is associated with the sucrose metabolism. SMARCB1 is also called INI1 (Integrase Interactor 1). The molecule was discov-ered in the mid-1990s. Its role as a loss-of-function marker for malignant rhabdoid tumors (MRT) of renal and extrarenal origin has enormously expanded the spectrum of involved neoplasms since that time. Several tumors have been characterized by genetic aberrations in the SMARCB1 gene. They include reduction in expression, loss of expression, and mosaic expression. Most of the tumors are sarcomas, but a variegated group of tumors with mixed phenotypes has also been delineated. It is well known that the outcome of patients harboring genetic aberrations in the SMARCB1 gene has been poor. Guo et al. reported that reduced SMARCB1 expression occurred in 70% of osteosarcomas. Their data significantly corre-lated with poor neoadjuvant response. These authors emphasize a shorter progression-free and overall survival of the patients demonstrating an altered expression of this gene. In-terestingly, mRNA in silico analysis established that SMARCB1 expression correlates with the response to chemotherapy of osteosarcoma patients, but there was no reliable correla-tion between SMARCB1 expression level and metastasis, response to neoadjuvant therapy, overall survival, and progression-free survival. The study involved a tissue microarray (TMA) on bone tumors that may limit the full evaluation of the gene expression. Nevertheless, Guo et al.'s study is remarkable. It expands the list of the tumors harboring an altered SMARCB1 gene expression and suggests that this marker should be investigated in every pathology workup for potential predictive value. On the other side, much work needs to be done if we hope that we strive to provide additional therapeutic strategies for osteosarcoma patients with altered SMARCB1 gene expression.
Primary and secondary prevention of atrial fibrillation with statins and polyunsaturated fatty acids: review of evidence and clinical relevance; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is an increasingly common arrhythmia that now stands at epidemic proportion, with more than 2.3 million people affected in the USA and over 4.5 million people affected in Western Europe. AF is an expression of underlying heart disease and is increasingly associated with hypertension, congestive heart failure, and ischemic heart disease. It is also a progressive disease secondary to continuous structural remodeling of the atria, which relates to AF itself, to changes associated with aging and to progression of the underlying heart disease. Traditionally, AF has been addressed only after it has already presented with pharmacological and nonpharmacological therapies designed for rhythm or rate control (secondary prevention). Although secondary prevention is the most feasible approach at present, the concept of primary prevention of AF with therapies aimed at preventing the development of substrate and correcting the risk factors for AF has emerged as a strategy, which is likely to produce a larger effect in the general population. Recent experiments provided new insights into AF pathophysiology, which generated background for new mechanism-based therapies. Agents targeting inflammation, oxidative injury, atrial myocyte metabolism, extracellular matrix remodeling, and fibrosis have theoretical advantages as novel therapeutic strategies. In this respect, drugs that are not traditionally antiarrhythmic such as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin-receptor blockers, aldosterone antagonists, statins, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have shown an antiarrhythmic potential in addition to any treatment effect on the underlying disease. These agents are thought to have an advantage of targeting both the occurrence and progression of the substrate for AF, thus, providing primary and secondary prevention of the arrhythmia. Although first experimental and hypothesis-generating small clinical studies or retrospective analyses have been encouraging, several larger, properly designed, prospective trials have not confirmed earlier observations. This review provides a contemporary evidence-based insight into the possible preventative and reverse remodeling role of statins and polyunsaturated fatty acids in AF.
Metabolomics study on liver of <i>db/db</i> mice treated with curcumin using UPLC-Q-TOF-MS; A metabolomics method based on ultra-performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) was applied to study the metabolic changes of liver in db/db mice administered with curcumin. After one week of acclimating to feeding, 20 db/db mice were randomly divided into two groups: curcumin non-treatment group and curcumin treatment group. After eight weeks of treatment, plasma and liver were collected for biochemical analysis and metabolomics analysis, as well as liver oxidative stress and histopathology examination. Serum biochemical indicators such as blood glucose, triglycerides, fasting insulin, and aspartate aminotransferase decreased significantly in the curcumin treatment group compared to the curcumin non-treatment group, whereas hepatic pathological levels and antioxidation levels improved. There were several different potential biomarkers in two groups, including sphingomyelin (SM) (d18:0/20:0), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (22n-6) (DPAn-6), arachidonic acid (AA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), leukotriene C-4 (LTC4), lysophosphatidylethanolamine (LysoPE) (16:1(9Z)/0:0), LysoPE (18:1(9Z)/0:0), LysoPE (0:0/18:0), LysoPE (0:0/20:1(11Z)), LysoPE (20:1(11Z)/0:0), 3-sulfinoalanine, alpha-tocotrienol (alpha-T3) and pantetheine 4'-phosphate (4'-PP). The mechanism might be related to biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids, arachidonic acid metabolism, phospholipid metabolism, and taurine and hypotaurine metabolism. The effects of curcumin on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) include antioxidant, delaying development of T2DM, preventing beta-cell death, decreasing insulin resistance, alleviating hepatic damage, and improving metabolic disturbances. Our results provide novel insights and ideas for prevention and treatment of curcumin on T2DM and its complications.
Paradoxes: Cholesterol and Hypoxia in Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia, a hypertensive disease of pregnancy of unknown etiology, is intensely studied as a model of cardiovascular disease (CVD) not only due to multiple shared pathologic elements but also because changes that develop over decades in CVD appear and resolve within days in preeclampsia. Those affected by preeclampsia and their offspring experience increased lifetime risks of CVD. At the systemic level, preeclampsia is characterized by increased cellular, membrane, and blood levels of cholesterol; however, cholesterol-dependent signaling, such as canonical Wnt/beta catenin, Hedgehog, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase, is downregulated indicating a cholesterol deficit with the upregulation of cholesterol synthesis and efflux. Hypoxia-related signaling in preeclampsia also appears to be paradoxical with increased Hypoxia-Inducible Factors in the placenta but measurably increased oxygen in maternal blood in placental villous spaces. This review addresses the molecular mechanisms by which excessive systemic cholesterol and deficient cholesterol-dependent signaling may arise from the effects of dietary lipid variance and environmental membrane modifiers causing the cellular hypoxia that characterizes preeclampsia.
Physicochemical and nutritional characteristics of Beni Guil lamb meat raised in eastern Morocco; BACKGROUND: The Beni Guil sheep is the main ovine breed that dominates livestock farming in the semi-arid region of eastern Morocco. No previous data is available on the quality of Beni Guil PGI (Protected Geographical Indication) lamb meat raised on the natural pasture of this area.
Transcriptomics Reveals the Effect of Short-Term Freezing on the Signal Transduction and Metabolism of Grapevine; Low temperature is an important factor limiting plant growth. Most cultivars of Vitis vinifera L. are sensitive to low temperatures and are at risk of freezing injury or even plant death during winter. In this study, we analyzed the transcriptome of branches of dormant cv. Cabernet Sauvignon exposed to several low-temperature conditions to identify differentially expressed genes and determine their function based on Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG)enrichment analyses. Our results indicated that exposure to subzero low temperatures resulted in damage to plant cell membranes and extravasation of intracellular electrolytes, and that this damage increased with decreasing temperature or increasing duration. The number of differential genes increased as the duration of stress increased, but most of the common differentially expressed genes reached their highest expression at 6 h of stress, indicating that 6 h may be a turning point for vines to tolerate extreme low temperatures. Several pathways play key roles in the response of Cabernet Sauvignon to low-temperature injury, namely: (1) the role of calcium/calmodulin-mediated signaling; (2) carbohydrate metabolism, including the hydrolysis of cell wall pectin and cellulose, decomposition of sucrose, synthesis of raffinose, and inhibition of glycolytic processes; (3) the synthesis of unsaturated fatty acids and metabolism of linolenic acid; and (4) the synthesis of secondary metabolites, especially flavonoids. In addition, pathogenesis-related protein may also play a role in plant cold resistance, but the mechanism is not yet clear. This study reveals possible pathways for the freezing response and leads to new insights into the molecular basis of the tolerance to low temperature in grapevine.
The use of peas and sweet lupin seeds alone or in association for fattening lambs: Effects on performance, blood parameters and meat quality; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of using sweet lupin and pea seeds singly or in association as protein sources in the diet of fattening lambs. We investigated lamb growth performances, carcass characteristics, blood parameters, chemical and physical characteristics of the meat and its fatty acid composition.
Nutritional Characteristics of Lambs Meat Fed Diets with Cotton Cake; This study aimed to evaluate the nutritional quality of meat of lambs fed with cake originating from cotton production of biodiesel. Forty noncastrated lambs, crossbred Dorper versus Santa Ines from 20.9 to 36.7kg of body weight finished in feedlot of 99 days and fed diets containing levels of cotton cake (0, 33, 66 and 100%) replacing soybean meal. The chemical composition and physicochemical characteristics were not influenced (P>0.05) by the levels of cotton cake in the concentrate. Regarding the fatty acids found in the meat, there were no differences attributable to diet composition. The fatty acid found in the highest concentration (P<0.05) of cotton cake was the mono-unsaturated oleic acid (49.7%), followed by saturated palmitic acid (23.6%) and stearic acid (18.5%), unsatured poly-linolenic acid (1.93%), saturated myristic (1.58%) and the mono-unsaturated palmitoleic (1.45%).
Resolvin E1 derived from eicosapentaenoic acid prevents hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia in a host genetic manner; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has garnered attention after the success of the REDUCE-IT trial, which contradicted previous conclusions on EPA for cardiovascular disease risk. Here we first investigated EPA's preventative role on hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. EPA ethyl esters prevented obesity-induced glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperglycemia in C57BL/6J mice. Supporting NHANES analyses showed that fasting glucose levels of obese adults were inversely related to EPA intake. We next investigated how EPA improved murine hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia. EPA overturned the obesity-driven decrement in the concentration of 18-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid (18-HEPE) in white adipose tissue and liver. Treatment of obese inbred mice with RvE1, the downstream immunoresolvant metabolite of 18-HEPE, but not 18-HEPE itself, reversed hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia through the G-protein coupled receptor ERV1/ChemR23. To translate the findings, we determined if the effects of RvE1 were dependent on host genetics. RvE1's effects on hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia were divergent in diversity outbred mice that model human genetic variation. Secondary SNP analyses further confirmed extensive genetic variation in human RvE1/EPA-metabolizing genes. Collectively, the data suggest EPA prevents hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia, in part, through RvE1's activation of ERV1/ChemR23 in a host genetic manner. The studies underscore the need for personalized administration of RvE1 based on genetic/metabolic enzyme profiles.
Dietary juniper berry oil minimizes hepatic reperfusion injury in the rat; Juniper berry oil is rich in 5,11,14-eicosatrienoic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid similar to one found in fish oil, yet less prone to peroxidation. Dietary fish oil treatment has been shown to effectively reduce reperfusion injury; therefore, the effects of a diet containing juniper berry oil on hepatic reperfusion injury in a low-flow reflow reperfusion model were investigated in the rat. Rats were fed semisynthetic diets containing either juniper berry oil, fish oil, or corn oil for 14 to 16 days. Daily food consumption averaged around 20 g/d in both the control and treatment groups; average daily weight gain was around 4 g per 100 g rat weight in all three groups studied, and there were no significant differences in these parameters. Livers were initially perfused at low-flow rates to induce pericentral hypoxia followed by a 40-minute reperfusion period. Peak lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release during reflow averaged 44 U/g/h in the corn oil group and 32 U/g/h in the fish oil group, but was only 21 U/g/h as a result of juniper berry oil treatment. Malondialdehyde (MDA), an end-product of lipid peroxidation, reached a maximum value of 62 nmol/g/h in the corn oil group, but only reached 43 nmol/g/h and 34 nmol/g/h in the fish oil and juniper berry oil groups, respectively. Both juniper berry oil and fish oil treatment improved rates of bile flow from 25 mu L/g/h (corn oil) to 36 and 38 mu L/g/h, respectively. Importantly, juniper berry oil reduced cell death in pericentral regions of the liver lobule by 75%, Trypan blue distribution time, an indicator of the hepatic microcirculation, was reduced by approximately 25% with fish oil and over 50% by juniper berry oil diets compared with corn oil controls. The rates of entry of fluorescein-dextran, a dye confined to the vascular space, were increased 1.8- and 2.6-fold, and rates of outflow were increased 4,4- and 4.3-fold by fish oil and juniper berry oil, respectively, also reflecting improved microcirculation. Juniper berry oil also blunted increases in intracellular calcium and release of prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)) by cultured Kupffer cells stimulated by endotoxin. These results are consistent with the hypothesis that feeding a diet containing juniper berry oil reduces reperfusion injury by inhibiting activation of Kupffer cells, thus reducing vasoactive eicosanoid release and improving the hepatic microcirculation in livers undergoing oxidant stress.
Characterization and genetic analysis of a low-temperature-sensitive mutant, sy-2, in Capsicum chinense; A temperature-sensitive mutant of Capsicum chinense, sy-2, shows a normal developmental phenotype when grown above 24A degrees C. However, when grown at 20A degrees C, sy-2 exhibits developmental defects, such as chlorophyll deficiency and shrunken leaves. To understand the underlying mechanism of this temperature-dependent response, phenotypic characterization and genetic analysis were performed. The results revealed abnormal chloroplast structures and cell collapse in leaves of the sy-2 plants grown at 20A degrees C. Moreover, an excessive accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) resulting in cell death was detected in the chlorophyll-deficient sectors of the leaves. However, the expression profile of the ROS scavenging genes did not alter in sy-2 plants grown at 20A degrees C. A further analysis of fatty acid content in the leaves showed the impaired pathway of linoleic acid (18:2) to linolenic acid (18:3). Additionally, the Cafad7 gene was downregulated in sy-2 plants. This change may lead to dramatic physiological disorder and alteration of leaf morphology in sy-2 plants by losing low-temperature tolerance. Genetic analysis of an F-2 population from a cross between C. chinense 'sy-2' and wild-type C. chinense 'No. 3341' showed that the sy-2 phenotype is controlled by a single recessive gene. Molecular mapping revealed that the sy-2 gene is located at a genomic region of the pepper linkage group 1, corresponding to the 300 kb region of the Ch1_scaffold 00106 in tomato chromosome 1. Candidate genes in this region will reveal the identity of sy-2 and the underlying mechanism of the temperature-dependent plant response.
Combining shading and lipid-enriched diets as an adaption tool to reduce coral bleaching; Mass coral bleaching driven by climate change impacts coral reefs globally. As net zero emissions and a return to pre-industrial global temperatures are unlikely to occur in the near future, there is an urgent need to engineer intervention methods that can mitigate the risk of coral bleaching at different scales. Coral dietary enrichment and shade-based irradiance reduction have each been shown to reduce coral bleaching. Here, we tested the hypothesis that combining these two intervention methods could further reduce the risk and impact of bleaching using an outdoor experiment with fragments of the coral Hydnophora exesa. The experiment was set up over three orthogonal factors: shade (2 levels - 4 h of 30% shade and no shade), temperature (2 levels - 32.6 degrees C and 26.4 degrees C) and food type (2 levels - fatty-acid enriched and non-enriched Artemia). The provision of 30% shade for 4 h did not significantly affect any of the measured bleaching response variables, likely due to the low natural irradiance for all treatments throughout the experiment. Significant bleaching of H. exesa fragments occurred in the high-temperature treatments after 18 days of thermal stress. Feeding the corals Artemia enriched with omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids had a minor impact on the proportion of fatty acids in the corals and resulted in a decline in chlorophyll a content and symbiont density. Overall, these results suggest that coral PUFA enrichment may have limited potential as a mitigation tool to minimise the risk of mass coral bleaching as numerous factors such as species and lipidome composition must be considered. In addition, we recommend that irradiance values higher than the natural light levels recorded during our experiment are required to effectively test the ability of shading technologies designed to reduce mass bleaching of coral reefs.
Lipoprotein Lipase Deficiency Impairs Bone Marrow Myelopoiesis and Reduces Circulating Monocyte Levels; Objective Tissue macrophages induce and perpetuate proinflammatory responses, thereby promoting metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Lipoprotein lipase (LpL), the rate-limiting enzyme in blood triglyceride catabolism, is expressed by macrophages in atherosclerotic plaques. We questioned whether LpL, which is also expressed in the bone marrow (BM), affects circulating white blood cells and BM proliferation and modulates macrophage retention within the artery.
Teratogenic Effects of Diatom Metabolites on Sea Urchin <i>Paracentrotus lividus</i> Embryos; The diatom-derived polyunsaturated aldehydes (PUAs), 2-trans,4-trans-decadienal, 2-trans,4-trans-octadienal, 2-trans,4-trans,7-octatrienal, 2-trans,4-trans-heptadienal, as well as tridecanal were tested on early and later larval development in the sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus. We also tested the effect of some of the more abundant diatom polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on development, in particular 5,8,11,14,17-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), one of the main precursors of diatom PUAs, as well as 4,7,10,13,16,19-docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), 6,9,12,15-octadecatetraenoic acid (stearidonic acid), 6,9,12-octadecatrienoic acid (gamma-linolenic acid) and 9,12-octadecadienoic acid (linoleic acid). PUAs blocked sea urchin cell cleavage in a dose dependent manner and with increasing chain length from C7 to C10 PUAs, with arrest occurring at 27.27 mu M with heptadienal, 16.13 mu M with octadienal, 11.47 mu M with octatrienal and 5.26 mu M with decadienal. Of the PUFAs tested, only EPA and stearidonic acid blocked cleavage, but at much higher concentrations compared to PUAs (331 mu M for EPA and 181 mu M for stearidonic acid). Sub-lethal concentrations of decadienal (1.32-5.26 mu M) delayed development of embryos and larvae which showed various degrees of malformations depending on the concentrations tested. Sub-lethal concentrations also increased the proportion of TUNEL-positive cells indicating imminent death in embryos and larvae. Using decadienal as a model PUA, we show that this aldehyde can be detected spectrophotometrically for up to 14 days in f/2 medium.
A review on ethnopharmacology, phytochemistry, pharmacology and potential uses of<i> Portulaca</i><i> oleracea</i> L.; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Portulaca oleracea L. (PO), popularly known as purslane, has been documented in ethnopharmacology in various countries and regions. Traditional application records indicated that PO might be used extensively to treat the common cold, dysentery, urinary tract infections, coughing, eye infections, skin problems, gynecological diseases, and pediatric illnesses.Aim of the review: This paper includes a systematic review of the traditional usage, phytochemicals, pharmaco-logical activity, and potential uses of PO to provide an overview of the research for further exploitation of PO resources.Materials and methods: This article uses "Portulaca oleracea L." and "purslane" as the keywords and collects relevant information on PO from different databases, including PubMed, Web of Science, Springer, Science Direct, ACS, Wiley, CNKI, Baidu Scholar, Google Scholar, and ancient meteria medica.Results: PO is a member of the Portulacaceae family and is grown worldwide. Traditional Chinese medicine believes that purslane has the effect of improving eyesight, eliminating evil qi, quenching thirst, purgation, diuresis, hemostasis, regulating qi, promoting hair growth, detoxifying, and avoiding epidemic qi. Recent phytochemical investigations have shown that PO is a rich source of flavonoids, homoisoflavonoids, alkaloids, organic acids, esters, lignans, terpenoids, catecholamines, sterols, and cerebrosides. The purslane extracts or compounds have exhibited numerous biological activities such as anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, antimicrobial, antiviral, antioxidant, anticancer, renoprotective, hepatoprotective, gastroprotective, metabolic, muscle relaxant, anti-asthmatic and anti-osteoporosis properties. The significant omega-3 fatty acids, vital amino acids, minerals, and vitamins found in purslane also provide nutritional benefits. Purslane as a food/feed additive in the food industry and animal husbandry has caused concern. Its global wide distribution and tolerance to abiotic stress characteristics make it in the future sustainable development of agriculture a certain position.Conclusions: Based on traditional usage, phytochemicals, and pharmacological activity, PO is a potential me-dicinal and edible plant with diverse pharmacological effects. Due to purslane's various advantages, it may have vast application potential in the food and pharmaceutical industries and animal husbandry.
Lipoprotein metabolism in chronic renal insufficiency; Chronic renal insufficiency (CRI) is associated with a characteristic dyslipidemia. Findings in children with CRI largely parallel those in adults. Moderate hypertriglyceridemia, increased triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) and reduced high-density lipoproteins (HDL) are the most usual findings, whereas total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) remain normal or modestly increased. Qualitative abnormalities in lipoproteins are common, including small dense LDL, oxidized LDL, and cholesterol-enriched TRL. Measures of lipoprotein lipase and hepatic lipase activity are reduced, and concentrations of apolipoprotein C-III are markedly elevated. Still an active area of research, major pathophysiological mechanisms leading to the dyslipidemia of CRI include insulin resistance and nonnephrotic proteinuria. Sources of variability in the severity of this dyslipidemia include the degree of renal impairment and the modality of dialysis. The benefits of maintaining normal body weight and physical activity extend to those with CRI. In addition to multiple hypolipidemic pharmaceuticals, fish oils are also effective as a triglyceride-lowering agent, and the phosphorous binding agent sevelamer also lowers LDL-C. Emerging classes of hypolipidemic agents and drugs affecting sensitivity to insulin may impact future treatment. Unfortunately, cardiovascular benefit has not been convincingly demonstrated by any trial designed to study adults or children with renal disease. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to endorse general recommendations for the use of any agent to treat dyslipidemia in children with chronic kidney disease.
Abnormal membrane concentrations of 20 and 22-carbon essential fatty acids: A common link between risk factors and coronary and peripheral vascular disease?; Although elevated levels of cholesterol are associated with increased risks of coronary and peripheral vascular disease, the association frequently fails to provide a causative explanation at the individual level. New hypotheses are required which, whether or not they are correct, will provide new lines of research. It is proposed here that the causes of vascular disease are abnormal membrane phospholipid concentrations of the 20-carbon and 22-carbon essential fatty acids (EFAs) of the n-6 and n-3 series. These levels become abnormal with ageing, with stress and in response to smoking, high cholesterol levels and high saturated fat intakes. They are also abnormal in patients with diabetes and hypertension. The effects of these EFAs and their metabolites include lowering of triglycerides, elevation of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, reduction of blood pressure, vasodilatation, reduction of fibrinogen levels and inhibition of platelet aggregation and of cardiac arrhythmias. Prospective studies have shown that abnormal levels of these fatty acids are predictive of future coronary death. Controlled trials of treatment have demonstrated that provision of the fatty acids reduces both coronary and total mortality. Further experimental and clinical investigations of the roles of appropriate membrane concentrations of these fatty acids are justified.
Intake of vitamin D and calcium, sun exposure, and risk of breast cancer subtypes among black women; Background: The randomized placebo-controlled Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial suggested a possible benefit of vitamin D on cancer incidence among black individuals. However, data are limited regarding the impact of vitamin D on breast cancer subtypes among African-American/black women, who tend to develop more aggressive forms of breast cancer.
Silkworm pupae oil exerts hypercholesterolemic and antioxidant effects in high-cholesterol diet-fed rats; BACKGROUNDSilkworm pupae is a good resource of edible oil that is especially rich in unsaturated fatty acids and is considered to be an excellent dietary supplement for hyperlipidemia.
A Pilot Trial: Fish Oil and Metformin Effects on ApoB-Remnants and Triglycerides in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Context: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have increased incidence of atherogenic dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Interventions targeting atherogenic dyslipidemia to reduce CVD risk are limited in women with PCOS.
Maternal seafood consumption and infant birth weight, length and head circumference in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study; Results from previous studies on associations between maternal fish and seafood intakes and fetal growth are inconclusive. The aim of the present study was to investigate how maternal intakes of seafood, subtypes of seafood and supplementary n-3 fatty acids were associated with infant birth weight, length and head circumference in a prospective study in Norway. The study population included 62 099 participants in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study. The mothers answered an FFQ in mid pregnancy. The FFQ comprised detailed questions about intake of various seafood items and n-3 supplements. Data on infant birth weight, length and head circumference were obtained from the Medical Birth Registry. We used multivariable regression to examine how total seafood, various seafood subtypes and supplementary n-3 intakes were associated with birth size measures. Total seafood intake was positively associated with birth weight and head circumference. Lean fish was positively associated with all birth size measures; shellfish was positively associated with birth weight, while fatty fish was not associated with any birth size measures. Intake of supplementary n-3 was negatively associated with head circumference. The relative risk of giving birth to a small baby (<2500 g) in full-term pregnancies was significantly lower in women who consumed >60 g/d of seafood than in women who consumed <= 5 g/d (OR=0.56 (95% CI 0.35, 0.88). In conclusion, maternal seafood consumption was positively associated with birth size, driven by lean fish intake, while supplementary n-3 intake was negatively associated with infant head circumference.
To Make or Take: Bacterial Lipid Homeostasis during Infection; Bacterial fatty acids are critical components of the cellular membrane. A shift in environmental conditions or in the bacterium's lifestyle may result in the requirement for a distinct pool of fatty acids with unique biophysical properties. This can be achieved by the modification of existing fatty acids or via de novo synthesis. Furthermore, bacteria have evolved efficient means to acquire these energy-rich molecules from their environment. However, the balance between de novo fatty acid synthesis and exogenous acquisition during pathogenesis is poorly understood. Here, we studied the mouse fatty acid landscape prior to and after infection with Acinetobacter baumannii, a Gram-negative, opportunistic human pathogen. The lipid fluxes observed following infection revealed fatty acid-and niche-specific changes. Lipidomic profiling of A. baumannii isolated from the pleural cavity of mice identified novel A. baumannii membrane phospholipid species and an overall increased abundance of unsaturated fatty acid species. Importantly, we found that A. baumannii relies largely upon fatty acid acquisition in all but one of the studied niches, the blood, where the pathogen biosynthesizes its own fatty acids. This work is the first to reveal the significance of balancing the making and taking of fatty acids in a Gram-negative bacterium during infection, which provides new insights into the validity of targeting fatty acid synthesis as a treatment strategy.
Dietary arachidonic acid affects immune function and fatty acid composition in cultured rabbitfish <i>Siganus rivulatus</i>; The marbled spinefoot rabbitfish (Siganus rivulatus) is an economically valuable fish species that has potential for commercial production in aquaculture. To overcome challenges in its sustainable production, a formulated diet is required for imparting health and robustness. This study evaluates the effect of dietary supplementation with arachidonic acid (ARA; 20:4n-6) on growth, survival, immune function and fatty acid composition of red blood cells (RBCs) in rabbitfish. We conducted two feeding trials using juvenile fish (to evaluate growth and survival) and adults (to evaluate immune function and fatty acid incorporation). Fish were fed diets supplemented with three different levels of ARA (in % of total fatty acids): 0.6 (unsupplemented control), 2.6 (moderate) and 4.7 (high). The fish fed with moderate ARA levels exhibited improved (p < 0.05) growth over the control and the high ARA level groups. During an outbreak of Streptococcus iniae, fish fed with moderate ARA survived significantly (p < 0.05) better (89%) than the control and the high ARA groups (59% and 48%, respectively). Moderate ARA supplementation resulted in elevated lysozyme and complement levels in the plasma of rabbitfish. A significant increase in the total serum immunoglobulin levels was observed in both the medium and the high ARA level groups; however, a decrease in antiprotease activity was recorded in the supplemented groups as compared to the control.
Celecoxib, a COX-2 inhibitor, synergistically potentiates the anti-inflammatory activity of docosahexaenoic acid in macrophage cell line; Background: The anti-inflammatory properties of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs overlap in many ways. The aim of this study was to examine the individual and synergetic anti-inflammatory effects of celecoxib, EPA and DHA in RAW-264.7 cell line.Methodology: The cells were exposed to EPA, DHA, celecoxib, rosiglitazone, GW9662 alone or their combination, and stimulated with 5g/mL lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Nitric oxide (NO), tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interleukin (IL)-6 and prostaglandin-E-2 (PGE(2)) levels were estimated in the medium using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. The cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and inducible Nitric Oxide Synthase (iNOS) expression were analyzed in the cell lysate by immunoblotting. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) and nuclear factor-B (NF-B) transcription factor activation assays were performed in the nuclear extract.Results: Combined treatment of DHA (50M) and celecoxib (20M) significantly inhibited LPS induced synthesis of NO, TNF-, IL-6 and PGE(2) levels in the cells, compared to the individual treatments. In addition, DHA and celecoxib diminished the COX-2 and iNOS expression in the cells. This was associated with increased PPAR activity, supressed NF-B activity in the nucleus. We determined whether GW9662, a specific PPAR inhibitor, could abolish the anti-inflammatory effect of DHA and celecoxib. GW9662 has abolished the DHA and celecoxib induced PPAR activation, but did not alter the NF-B mediated anti-inflammatory effects induced by celecoxib and DHA. Interestingly, EPA did not exhibit any inhibitory effect on these parameters.Conclusion: Our results suggest that DHA and celecoxib exhibit anti-inflammatory effect through inhibition of NF-B, independent of PPAR. Co-administration of celecoxib and DHA would be promising approach for the treatment of inflammatory diseases.
Are fish eaters healthier and do they consume less health-care resources?; Objective: Regular dietary intake of fish is associated with reduced risk of developing cardiovascular and other chronic diseases, and may improve general well-being. If fish eaters are healthier, they may use fewer health-care resources. The present study aimed to describe the reported intake of fish and fish products in a Danish general population, and to investigate whether fish consumption is associated with generic measures of self-reported health and consumption of health-care resources.
Survey of four essential nutrients and thiaminase activity in five Lake Ontario prey fish species; Thiamine deficiency is an impediment to salmonine reproduction in the Great Lakes, but little is known about other measures of dietary quality, such as lipid-soluble vitamins or fatty acids in prey fish. The objective of the present research was to measure selected essential nutrients and thiaminase activity in five Lake Ontario prey fish species (alewife Alosa psuedoharengus, rainbow smelt Osmerus mordax, slimy sculpin Cottus cognatus, threespine stickleback Gasterosteus aculeatus and round goby Neogobius melanostomus). Total thiamine was greater in alewife (13.6 nmol/g) than in the other species (6.2-9.0 nmol/g). In 2006, thiaminase activity was unexpectedly high in goby (12.49 nmol/g/min), sculpin (1.99 nmol/g/min) and smelt (9.24 nmol/g/min). In 2007, thiaminase activity in goby (0.99 nmol/g/min) and smelt (4.94 nmol/g/min) was low compared to 2006, whereas sculpin thiaminase activity was greatest (6.01 nmol/g/min). The causes for this variability are unknown. Thiaminase activity was within the expected range for alewife (4.31-6.31 nmol/g/min) and stickleback (0.06 nmol/g/min). Concentrations of retinoids, carotenoids, vitamin E (tocopherol) and fatty acids also differed among prey fish species. Tocopherol concentrations in goby (12.74 ng/mg), sculpin (25.29 ng/mg), and smelt (22.81 ng/mg) were greater than in alewife (1.59 ng/mg). Goby had the lowest Sigma omega-3 to Sigma omega-6 fatty acid ratio (1.44) when compared to sculpin (2.97) and smelt (2.85). Thiaminase concentrations in alewife and smelt (and possibly goby) suggest that they have the potential to adversely affect natural reproduction in salmonines. Concentrations of carotenoids, retinoids and tocopherol in prey fish appear to be lower than salmonine dietary requirements. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of International Association for Great Lakes Research.
The altered homeostatic theory: A hypothesis proposed to be useful in understanding and preventing ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes - including reducing the risk of age and atherosclerosis; Evidence will be presented to support the usefulness of the altered homeostatic theory in understanding basic pathogenetic mechanisms of ischemic heart disease (IHD), hypertension, and diabetes, and in improving prevention of these disorders. The theory argues that: IHD, hypertension, and diabetes share the same basic pathogenesis; risk factors favor a sympathetic homeostatic shift; preventative factors favor a parasympathetic homeostatic shift; risk and preventative factors oppose each other through a dynamic risk/prevention balance; and prevention should be based on improving the risk/prevention balance. Prevention based on improving the risk/prevention balance should be more effective, as this method is regarded as reflecting more accurately basic pathogenetic mechanisms. As example, the theory argues that the risk of supposedly nonmodifiable risk factors as age and the risk of relatively nonmodifiabte atherosclerosis can be reduced significantly. The possible validity of the altered homeostatic theory was tested by a study based on multiple associations. Findings support a common pathogenesis for IHD, hypertension, and diabetes based on a sympathetic homeostatic shift, and the usefulness of prevention based on improving the risk/prevention balance by using standard pharmaceutical and Lifestyle preventative measures. The same set of multiple and diverse risk factors favored IHD, hypertension, and diabetes, and the same set of multiple and diverse pharmaceutical and lifestyle preventative measures prevented these disorders. Also, the same set of preventative agents generally improved cognitive function and bone density, and reduced the incidence of Alzheimer's disease, atrial fibrillation, and cancer. Unexpectedly, evidence was developed that four major attributes of sympathetic activation represent four major risk factors; attributes of sympathetic activation are a tendency toward thrombosis and vasoconstriction, lipidemia, inflammation, and hyperglycemia, and corresponding risk factors are endothetial dysfunction (which expresses thrombosis/vasoconstriction and epitomizes this tendency), dystipidemia, inflammation, and insulin resistance. These findings, plus other information, provide evidence that dyslipidemia acts mainly as a marker of risk of IHD, rather than being the basic mechanism of this disorder. However, prevention generally is based solely on improvement of dystipidemia; basing prevention on dystipidemia relatively underemphasizes the importance of other significant risk factors and, by certifying its validity, discourages alternate pathogenetic approaches. Also, development of myocardial infarction is approached differently. It seems generally accepted that dystipidemia results rather automatically in infarction through the sequence of atherosclerosis, atherosclerotic complications, and thrombosis. In contrast, distinction is made between development of atherosclerosis and acute induction of infarction - where atherosclerosis is only one of multiple risk factors. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid profile and proximal composition of meat from rabbits fed diets containing coconut meal; The objective of this work was to assess the effect of feeding rabbits diets containing coconut meal (CM) on meat proximal composition, the fatty acid profile, and the polyunsaturated to saturated (P/S) fatty acids ratio in the meat. The experiment utilized 60 rabbits fed diets containing five levels of CM (0.00, 6.25, 12.50, 18.75, and 25.00%) and 12 animals per treatment. Increasing levels of CM in the diet did not affect (p > 0.05) meat centesimal composition. The levels of palmitoleic, stearic, and linolenic acids in the meat were linearly affected by dietary CM levels. When compared to the levels of fatty acids in the meat from the 0.00% CM diet, the palmitic acid was lower (p < 0.05) in the meat from all diets containing CM, the myristic and stearic acids were higher (p < 0.05), and the palmitoleic acid was lower (p < 0.05) in the meat from the diet containing 25.00% CM. The Linolenic acid level was lower (p < 0.05) in meats from diets containing either 18.75 or 25.00% CM. The P/S relation in the meat was not affected (p > 0.05) by the levels of CM in the diets. This suggested that the inclusion of this by-product in the diets is feasible even at the 25.00% level.
Interaction between <i>GPR120</i> p.R270H loss-of-function variant and dietary fat intake on incident type 2 diabetes risk in the DESIR study; Background and aims: GPR120 (encoded by FFAR4) is a lipid sensor that plays an important role in the control of energy balance. GPR120 is activated by long chain fatty acids (FAs) including omega-3 FAs. In humans, the loss of function p.R270H variant of the gene FFAR4 has been associated with a lower protein activity, an increased risk of obesity and higher fasting plasma glucose levels.
The activity and localization of lipoxygenases in <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> under cadmium and copper stresses; The regulation of lipoxygenases (LOX) activity was studied in Arabidopsis thaliana grown under excess Cd and Cu (0.0, 5.0, 50.0 mu M) in solution cultures for 7 days. The LOX activity was determined spectrophotometrically at 234 nm in the leaves of mature plants using linoleic and linolenic acids as substrates, while their cellular localization was assessed by immunogold-labelling. The LOX mainly occurred in the cytoplasm as well as inside the chloroplasts. Two bands of LOX were found in the leaves of A. thaliana, but one more band appeared in plants treated with 50.0 mu M Cu. Despite the lower amount of enzymatic protein in plants exposed to heavy metals, the enzyme activity was significantly higher than that in the control; it was especially high at pH 8.0 when linolenic acid was used as a substrate. The role of the redox state of plant cells in modifying the LOX activity was also discussed. The changes in ultra-structure of the leaf parenchyma cells were more evident in A. thaliana plants treated with Cd than those treated with Cu.
Consumption of <i>trans</i> fats and estimated effects on coronary heart disease in Iran; Objective: To investigate the consumption of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFAs) in Iranian homes and the proportion of coronary heart disease (CHD) events in Iran attributable to such intake.
The Metabolic Concept of Meal Sequence vs. Satiety: Glycemic and Oxidative Responses with Reference to Inflammation Risk, Protective Principles and Mediterranean Diet; With increasing exposure to eating opportunities and postprandial conditions becoming dominant states, acute effects of meals are garnering interest. In this narrative review, meal components, combinations and course sequence were questioned vis-a-vis resultant postprandial responses, including satiety, glycemic, oxidative and inflammatory risks/outcomes vs. protective principles, with reference to the Mediterranean diet. Representative scientific literature was reviewed and explained, and corresponding recommendations discussed and illustrated. Starting meals with foods, courses and/or preloads high in innate/added/incorporated water and/or fibre, followed by protein-based courses, delaying carbohydrates and fatty foods and minimizing highly-processed/sweetened hedonic foods, would increase satiety-per-calorie vs. obesogenic passive overconsumption. Similarly, starting with high-water/fibre dishes, followed by high-protein foods, oils/fats, and delayed/reduced slowly-digested whole/complex carbohydrate sources, optionally closing with simpler carbohydrates/sugars, would reduce glycaemic response. Likewise, starting with foods high in innate/added/incorporated water/fibre/antioxidants, high monounsaturated fatty acid foods/oils, light proteins and whole/complex carbohydrate foods, with foods/oils low in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and n-6:n-3 PUFA ratios, and minimal-to-no red meat and highly/ultra-processed foods/lipids, would reduce oxidative/inflammatory response. Pyramids illustrating representative meal sequences, from most-to-least protective foods, visually communicate similarities between axes, suggesting potential unification for optimal meal sequence, consistent with anti-inflammatory nutrition and Mediterranean diet/meal principles, warranting application and outcome evaluation.
Higher intake of microbiota-accessible carbohydrates and improved cardiometabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis and umbrella review of dietary management in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Microbiota-accessible carbohydrates (MACs) are critical substrates for intestinal microbes; the subsequent production of SCFAs may have some potential benefits for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Effect of Losartan and Fish Oil on Plasma IL-6 and Mobility in Older Persons. The ENRGISE Pilot Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Low-grade chronic inflammation, characterized by elevations in plasma Interleukin-6 (IL-6), is an independent risk factor of impaired mobility in older persons. Angiotensin receptor blockers and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (.-3) may reduce IL-6 and may potentially improve physical function. To assess the main effects of the angiotensin receptor blocker losartan and.-3 as fish oil on IL-6 and 400 m walking speed, we conducted the ENRGISE Pilot multicenter randomized clinical trial.
The Role of Nutrition in Enhancing Immunity in Aging; Aging is associated with declined immune function, particularly T cell-mediated activity, which contributes to increased morbidity and mortality from infectious disease and cancer in the elderly. Studies have shown that nutritional intervention may be a promising approach to reversing impaired immune function and diminished resistance to infection with aging. However, controversy exists concerning every nutritional regimen tested to date. In this article, we will review the progress of research in this field with a focus on nutrition factor information that is relatively abundant in the literature. While vitamin E deficiency is rare, intake above recommended levels can enhance T cell function in aged animals and humans. This effect is believed to contribute toward increased resistance to influenza infection in animals and reduced incidence of upper respiratory infection in the elderly. Zinc deficiency, common in the elderly, is linked to impaired immune function and increased risk for acquiring infection, which can be rectified by zinc supplementation. However, higher than recommended upper limits of zinc may adversely affect immune function. Probiotics are increasingly being recognized as an effective, immune-modulating nutritional factor. However, to be effective, they require an adequate supplementation period; additionally, their effects are strain-specific and among certain strains, a synergistic effect is observed. Increased intake of fish or n-3 PUFA may be beneficial to inflammatory and autoimmune disorders as well as to several age-related diseases. Conversely, the immunosuppressive effect of fish oils on T cell-mediated function has raised concerns regarding their impact on resistance to infection. Caloric restriction (CR) is shown to delay immunosenescence in animals, but this effect needs to be verified in humans. Timing for CR initiation may be important to determine whether CR is effective or even beneficial at all. Recent studies have suggested that CR, which is effective at improving the immune response of unchallenged animals, might compromise the host's defense against pathogenic infection and result in higher morbidity and mortality. The studies published thus far describe a critical role for nutrition in maintaining the immune response of the aged, but they also indicate the need for a more in-depth, wholestic approach to determining the optimal nutritional strategies that would maintain a healthy immune system in the elderly and promote their resistance to infection and other immune-related diseases
Nutritional interventions for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes; Background
Can we improve the nutritional quality of meat?; The nutritional value of meat is an increasingly important factor influencing consumer preferences for poultry, red meat and processed meat products. Intramuscular fat content and composition, in addition to high quality protein, trace minerals and vitamins are important determinants of nutritional value. Fat content of meat at retail has decreased substantially over the past 40 years through advances in animal genetics, nutrition and management and changes in processing techniques. Evidence of the association between diet and the incidence of human non-communicable diseases has driven an interest in developing production systems for lowering total SFA and trans fatty acid (TFA) content and enrichment of n-3 PUFA concentrations in meat and meat products. Typically, poultry and pork has a lower fat content, containing higher PUFA and lower TFA concentrations than lamb or beef. Animal genetics, nutrition and maturity, coupled with their rumen microbiome, are the main factors influencing tissue lipid content and relative proportions of SFA, MUFA and PUFA. Altering the fatty acid (FA) profile of lamb and beef is determined to a large extent by extensive plant and microbial lipolysis and subsequent microbial biohydrogenation of dietary lipid in the rumen, and one of the major reasons explaining the differences in lipid composition of meat from monogastrics and ruminants. Nutritional strategies can be used to align the fat content and FA composition of poultry, pork, lamb and beef with Public Health Guidelines for lowering the social and economic burden of chronic disease.
Blood pressure and atherogenic lipoprotein profiles of fish-diet and vegetarian villagers in Tanzania: The Lugalawa study; Background There is evidence that populations with a high intake of fish, and specifically fish oils, are at reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. To explore the effect of fish intake, we compared two groups of Bantu villagers in Tanzania; one group live on the shores of Lake Nyasa and their diet includes large amounts of freshwater fish; the other group live in the nearby hills and have a vegetarian diet.
The role of peroxisomes in aging; Reactive oxygen species and alterations in membrane lipid homeostasis are thought to be important events in aging process and aging-related degenerative diseases. The peroxisome is a small cellular organelle involved in both oxygen and lipid metabolism, and defects in peroxisomal function are associated with major, and often fatal, changes at the neurological level during human development. Recent reports of aging-related changes in peroxisomal function raised the hypothesis that peroxisomes may also have a significant role in the aging process and aging-related degenerative diseases. This review presents the current data on changes in peroxisomal function during aging and discusses the implications of these changes for health.
Nutrition and women's health; With the rapid changes that are occurring in our health care system, interventions that enhance patients' health will prove to be the most satisfactory and provide the most cost savings over time. Data support a strong relationship between diet and health and disease. Although life expectancy in the United States is increasing in women, longevity is also associated with increasing morbidity. As a nation, we may live longer, but not necessarily better, lives.
Pretreatment With an Intravenous Lipid Emulsion Increases Plasma Eicosapentanoic Acid and Downregulates Leukotriene B4, Procalcitonin, and Lymphocyte Concentrations After Open Heart Surgery in Infants; Background: The effect of providing a lipid emulsion containing medium-chain triglyceride (MCT), soybean oil, and fish oil in critically ill infants is not widely studied. This study investigated lipid emulsion effects on plasma phospholipids and immune biomarkers. Materials and Methods: Thirty-two infants undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) and dependent on parenteral nutrition (PN) were randomized to receive either soybean oil (control, n = 16) or a 50:40:10 mixture of MCT, soybean oil, and fish oil (treatment, n = 16). PN was administered for 3 days preoperatively and 10 days postoperatively. Fatty acids, procalcitonin (PCT), leukotriene B-4 (LTB4), and lymphocytes were quantified at baseline, before surgery, and days 1, 7 and 10 after surgery. Results: PCT was significantly lower in the treatment vs control group 1 day postoperatively (P = .01). The treatment group exhibited a lower -6 to -3 ratio (P = .0001) and a higher -3 concentration at all postoperative study periods (P = .001). Treatment resulted in higher (P < .05) plasma phospholipid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on days 7 and 10, while -linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid remained constant. An increase in plasma phospholipid EPA concentration was associated with a decrease in plasma phospholipid LTB4 concentration (P < .05). On postoperative day 10, treatment infants with high Pediatric Risk of Mortality III scores exhibited a 45% lower lymphocyte concentration (P < .05). Conclusion: These findings suggest that treating infants undergoing CPB with a lipid emulsion containing -3 improves fatty acid status and results in a lower inflammatory response after surgery. Overall, this alternative -3-enriched lipid emulsion may benefit clinical outcomes of critically ill infants after cardiac surgery.
Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Acute lung injury is a syndrome diagnosed clinically and is one of the most common causes of respiratory failure seen in the intensive care unit. A consensus definition of this and its more severe form, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), has allowed for better consistency in determining the epidemiology and facilitates consistent clinical trial design to better find therapies to treat or prevent it. Patientswho present with ARDS usually show signs of tachpnea or dyspnea and have underlying conditions that promote inflammatory responses. The pathogenesis involves an inflammatory insult that eventually destroys the pulmonary capillary vasculature as well as alveoli. Pathophysiologically, the patient with ARDSmay progress through asmany as 3 phases: exudative, proliferative, and fibrotic. Treatment options can be either nonpharmacologic or pharmacologic and are limited. Ventilator strategies such as low-tidal-volume ventilation have improved outcomes in these patients, while corticosteroid use is not as established to provide morbidity or mortality benefit. Other therapies have been investigated with inconclusive or disappointing results for the treatment of this fatal syndrome.
Comparison of sepsis rats induced by caecal ligation puncture or <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> using a LC-QTOF-MS metabolomics approach; Sepsis is a whole-body inflammatory response to infection with high mortality and is treated in intensive care units (ICUs). In the present study, to identify metabolic biomarkers that can differentiate sepsis models induced by caecal ligation puncture (CLP) or Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus), small molecular metabolites in the serum were measured by liquid chromatography quadruple time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-QTOF-MS) and analysed using the multivariate statistical analysis (MVA) of partial least square-discrimination analysis (PLS-DA) method. The results demonstrated that the body showed obvious metabolic disorders in the sepsis groups compared with the control group. A total of 8 potential biomarkers were identified in the CLP group, and 10 potential biomarkers were identified in the S. aureus group. These potential biomarkers primarily reflected an energy metabolism disorder, inflammatory response, oxidative stress and tissue damage, which occur during sepsis, and these markers might potentially be used to differentiate CLP from Staphylococcus aureus sepsis. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of Capsaicin Coadministered with Eicosapentaenoic Acid on Obesity-Related Dysregulation in High-Fat-Fed Mice; Obesity-induced inflammation contributes to the development of metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. In this study, we investigated whether the combination of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and capsaicin could protect against high-fat diet (HFD)induced obesity and related metabolic disorders. The experiments were performed using male C57BL/6J mice that were fed one of the following diets for 10 weeks: standard chow (5.3% fat content) (normal group), a HFD (32.0% fat content) (HFD group), or a HFD supplemented with either 4% (w/w) EPA (EPA group) or a combination of 4% (w/w) EPA and 0.01% (w/w) capsaicin (EPA+Cap group). Our results indicated that the body, fat and liver tissue weights and levels of serum glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, and alanine aminotransferase were significantly higher in HFD group mice than in normal group mice (p<0.05 in all cases). However, the body and fat tissue weights and serum glucose levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were significantly lower in EPA+Cap group mice group than in HFD and EPA group mice (p<0.05 in all cases). Thus, our study suggests that the combination of EPA and capsaicin might be beneficial for delaying the progression of obesity-related metabolic dysregulation and subsequent complications.
Dietary Restrictions in Dialysis Patients: Is There Anything Left to Eat?; A significant number of dietary restrictions are imposed traditionally and uniformly on maintenance dialysis patients, whereas there is very little data to support their benefits. Recent studies indicate that dietary restrictions of phosphorus may lead to worse survival and poorer nutritional status. Restricting dietary potassium may deprive dialysis patients of heart-healthy diets and lead to intake of more atherogenic diets. There is little data about the survival benefits of dietary sodium restriction, and limiting fluid intake may inherently lead to lower protein and calorie consumption, when in fact dialysis patients often need higher protein intake to prevent and correct protein-energy wasting. Restricting dietary carbohydrates in diabetic dialysis patients may not be beneficial in those with burnt-out diabetes. Dietary fat including omega-3 fatty acids may be important caloric sources and should not be restricted. Data to justify other dietary restrictions related to calcium, vitamins, and trace elements are scarce and often contradictory. The restriction of eating during hemodialysis treatment is likely another incorrect practice that may worsen hemodialysis induced hypoglycemia and nutritional derangements. We suggest careful relaxation of most dietary restrictions and adoption of a more balanced and individualized approach, thereby easing some of these overzealous restrictions that have not been proven to offer major advantages to patients and their outcomes and which may in fact worsen patients' quality of life and satisfaction. This manuscript critically reviews the current paradigms and practices of recommended dietary regimens in dialysis patients including those related to dietary protein, carbohydrate, fat, phosphorus, potassium, sodium, and calcium, and discusses the feasibility and implications of adherence to ardent dietary restrictions and future research.
Association Between Dietary Pattern and Serum C-Reactive Protein in Japanese Men and Women; Background: Dietary pat-tern may influence the risks of cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome through its effects on inflammation. We evaluated the association between dietary pattern and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in a Japanese population.
Memorable Food: Fighting Age-Related Neurodegeneration by Precision Nutrition; Healthcare systems worldwide are seriously challenged by a rising prevalence of neurodegenerative diseases (NDDs), which mostly, but not exclusively, affect the ever-growing population of the elderly. The most known neurodegenerative diseases are Alzheimer's (AD) and Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, but some viral infections of the brain and traumatic brain injury may also cause NDD. Typical for NDD are the malfunctioning of neurons and their irreversible loss, which often progress irreversibly to dementia and ultimately to death. Numerous factors are involved in the pathogenesis of NDD: genetic variability, epigenetic changes, extent of oxidative/nitrosative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and DNA damage. The complex interplay of all the above-mentioned factors may be a fingerprint of neurodegeneration, with different diseases being affected to different extents by particular factors. There is a voluminous body of evidence showing the benefits of regular exercise to brain health and cognitive functions. Moreover, the importance of a healthy diet, balanced in macro- and micro-nutrients, in preventing neurodegeneration and slowing down a progression to full-blown disease is evident. Individuals affected by NDD almost inevitably have low-grade inflammation and anomalies in lipid metabolism. Metabolic and lipid profiles in NDD can be improved by the Mediterranean diet. Many studies have associated the Mediterranean diet with a decreased risk of dementia and AD, but a cause-and-effect relationship has not been deduced. Studies with caloric restriction showed neuroprotective effects in animal models, but the results in humans are inconsistent. The pathologies of NDD are complex and there is a great inter-individual (epi)genetic variance within any population. Furthermore, the gut microbiome, being deeply involved in nutrient uptake and lipid metabolism, also represents a pillar of the gut microbiome-brain axis and is linked with the pathogenesis of NDD. Numerous studies on the role of different micronutrients (omega-3 fatty acids, bioactive polyphenols from fruit and medicinal plants) in the prevention, prediction, and treatment of NDD have been conducted, but we are still far away from a personalized diet plan for individual NDD patients. For this to be realized, large-scale cohorts that would include the precise monitoring of food intake, mapping of genetic variants, epigenetic data, microbiome studies, and metabolome, lipidome, and transcriptome data are needed.
Visit-to-Visit Blood Pressure Variability and Incident Frailty in Older Adults; This study aimed to determine whether visit-to-visit blood pressure (BP) variability (BPV) is associated with incident frailty. We included 1 394 nonfrail community-dwelling participants aged >= 70 years from the Multidomain Alzheimer Preventive Trial (MAPT) who underwent repeated clinical examinations, including BP and frailty, over a 5-year follow-up period. Systolic BPV (SBPV), diastolic BPV (DBPV), mean arterial pressure variability (MAPV), and pulse pressure variability (PPV) were evaluated using standard deviation (SD), coefficient of variation (CV), average real variability, successive variation, variation independent of mean, and residual SD. Incident frailty was assessed using the Fried phenotype. Cox proportional hazards models were used for the analyses. Higher SBPV was significantly associated with greater risk of frailty (1-SD increase of CV: hazard ratio [HR] = 1.18, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.02-1.36) after adjustment for demographics, systolic BP, antihypertensive drugs, body mass index, diabetes, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, stroke, atrial fibrillation, MAPT randomization group, and frailty status. Similar results were observed with all indicators of variability. Higher PPV was associated with a greater risk of developing frailty over time (1-SD increase of CV: HR = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.01-1.35). DBPV and MAPV were not significantly associated with incident frailty. Higher SBPV and PPV were associated with greater risk of incident frailty. Our findings support the concept of BP physiological dysregulation underlying the frail state and suggest that BP instability could be an early marker of frailty.
Postprandial Hyperlipidemia and Remnant Lipoproteins; Fasting hypertriglyceridemia is positively associated with the morbidity of coronary heart disease (CHD), and postprandial (non-fasting) hypertriglyceridemia is also correlated with the risk status for CHD, which is related to the increase in chylomicron (CM) remnant lipoproteins produced from the intestine. CM remnant particles, as well as oxidized low density lipoprotein (LDL) or very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) remnants, are highly atherogenic and act by enhancing systemic inflammation, platelet activation, coagulation, thrombus formation, and macrophage foam cell formation. The cholesterol levels of remnant lipoproteins significantly correlate with small, dense LDL; impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and CHD prevalence. We have developed an assay of apolipoprotein (apo) B-48 levels to evaluate the accumulation of CM remnants. Fasting apoB-48 levels correlate with the morbidity of postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, obesity, type. hyperlipoproteinemia, the metabolic syndrome, hypothyroidism, chronic kidney disease, and IGT. Fasting apoB-48 levels also correlate with carotid intima-media thickening and CHD prevalence, and a high apoB-48 level is a significant predictor of CHD risk, independent of the fasting TG level. Diet interventions, such as dietary fibers, polyphenols, medium-chain fatty acids, diacylglycerol, and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), ameliorate postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, moreover, drugs for dyslipidemia (n-3 PUFA, statins, fibrates or ezetimibe) and diabetes concerning incretins (dipeptidyl-peptidase. inhibitor or glucagon like peptide-1 analogue) may improve postprandial hypertriglyceridemia. Since the accumulation of CM remnants correlates to impaired lipid and glucose metabolism and atherosclerotic cardiovascular events, further studies are required to investigate the characteristics, physiological activities, and functions of CM remnants for the development of new interventions to reduce atherogenicity.
Priority nutrients to address malnutrition and diet-related diseases in Australia and New Zealand; Background The double burden of malnutrition and diet-related disease has been attributed to diets high in ultra-processed and discretionary foods, with increased sugars, saturated fats, and sodium, and insufficient dietary fibre. There is a limited understanding of the role of other macronutrients and micronutrients.Objective Determine the highest priority nutrients to address both malnutrition and diet-related disease in Australia and New Zealand, for each demographic group and the total population.Methods A novel four-step methodological approach was undertaken to identify: 1. Demographic (age-sex) groups; 2. Health priorities; 3. Potential nutrients based on inadequacy, increased requirements, and health priority association; and 4. Priority nutrients. Nutrient intake data was obtained from the most recent Australian and New Zealand nutrition surveys. Health priorities were based on national statistical data and expert consultation. High-level scientific literature (systematic reviews) was scoped for associations with health priorities and the suitability of recommended intakes. A quantitative scoring matrix was developed and used to determine the highest priority nutrients, with scoring over three domains: extent of inadequacy; consensus for increased requirements; and degree of association with health priorities.Results Nutritional inadequacies were common, with 22 of 31 essential nutrients consumed below recommended levels. Nine priority nutrients were identified across the demographic groups, with each demographic group characterised by a specific subset of these. Six nutrients were highest priority within the total population: vitamin D, calcium, omega-3 fatty acids, magnesium, folate, dietary fibre.Conclusion The extent of nutritional inadequacies in Australia and New Zealand is high, both within each demographic group and the entire population, relative to both recommended intakes and key health outcomes. The methodology can be applied to other countries and globally. Findings make a significant contribution to understanding the nutrients to prioritise in future-proofing the health of the Australian and New Zealand populations. Guidelines and policies can target priority nutrients to address the malnutrition and diet-related disease double burden.
Research map in the field of psychoneuroimmunology therapy, a bibliometric analysis; Introduction: Psychoneuroimmunology is an exciting field to study because of its essential role in a person's life quality. Therapy in psychoneuroimmunology is multidisciplinary to treat stress, insomnia, depression, schizophrenia, infections, neoplasms, autoimmune, metabolic, and cognitive disorders. Treatment has been used in the form of Tai-chi, Qi-gong, C.B.T., mindfulness meditation, hypnosis, and others, with therapeutic results that have not yet reached the optimal, so there seems to be much effort to find new therapies with more satisfying results. Until now, as far as we know, no bibliometric study has been related to treatment in the field of psychoneuroimmunology. So, this bibliometric analysis is aimed at conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis to get a more detailed picture of the study related to treatment in the field of psychoneuroimmunology. Methods: Documents were collected from Scopus from 1946 to 2022. Furthermore, data purification was carried out. Using the Biblioshiny and VOSviewer applications, data are obtained, which are then analyzed quantitatively and qualitatively. Results: Obtained data related to the author, the number of citations, journals containing research related to psychoneuroimmunology therapy, clusters based on keywords, and future research trend (spirituality therapy). Conclusion: A detailed description of aspects of neuropsychological therapy has been obtained in the form of areas that have been widely studied, which are still under-researched, as well as new therapeutic trends for the future in the form of an emerging area (niche) in psychoneuroimmunology therapy, namely spirituality therapy.
Regulation of oxidative stress and inflammatory responses in human retinal pigment epithelial cellsAvainsanat; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is an eye disease, which causes impaired vision that can lead to blindness. The incidence of AMD increases with age. Retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells maintain retinal homeostasis and support the functionality of photoreceptors. In the pathogenesis of AMD, the degeneration of the RPE cells precedes photoreceptor cell death. RPE cells are susceptible to oxidative stress, and chronic inflammation involving nucleotide-binding domain, leucine-rich repeat and pyrin domain 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome activation and impaired autophagy are challenges faced by aged RPE cells in AMD. There are two types of AMD, dry (85-90%) and wet (10-15%) disease forms. Choroidal neovascularization is typical for wet AMD, and anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF) injections are used to prevent the progression of the disease but there is no curative treatment. There is no cure for the dry disease form, but antioxidants have been proposed as a potential treatment option. Ageing is the most important risk factor of AMD, and tobacco smoke is the most important environmental risk factor that can be controlled. Hydroquinone is a cytotoxic, immunotoxic, carcinogenic and pro-oxidative component of tobacco smoke. The aim of this PhD thesis was to study hydroquinone-induced oxidative stress and NLRP3 inflammasome activation in human RPE cells (ARPE-19 cells). An age-related eye disease study (AREDS) formulation (incl. omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin C and E, copper, zinc, lutein and zeaxanthin), which is clinically investigated p.o. dosing combination of dietary supplements for AMD patients, has been evaluated as a possible treatment and restraining option for AMD. Resvega (4.1.1, Table 2) is a similar kind of product to AREDS with added resveratrol, and many of the components incorporated within Resvega can be considered as belonging to the normal antioxidative defence system of the retina. Another aim was to evaluate the effects of Resvega on hydroquinone-induced oxidative stress or NLRP3 inflammasome activation induced by impaired protein clearance. The results of this study reveal that hydroquinone elevated the activity of NADPH oxidase which subsequently mediated the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and predisposed RPE cells to degeneration by reducing levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF). Hydroquinone induced an NLRP3-independent IL-18 release and NLRP3 accumulation inside the IL-1 alpha-primed cells. Resvega treatment reduced the extent of hydroquinone-induced ROS production and NLRP3 inflammasome activation evoked by impaired protein clearance. Thus, Resvega alleviated hydroquinone- and impaired protein clearance-induced stress in human RPE cells, but more studies are needed, for example, to reveal the most optimal route of administration for targeting the cells in the retina, since both oxidative stress and NLRP3 inflammasome activation are important contributors to the development of AMD and represent significant treatment targets.
NUTRITIONAL INFLUENCES ON EICOSANOID BIOSYNTHESIS - CLINICAL CONSEQUENCES; Eicosanoid biosynthesis in man depends on the availability of the precursor substance, arachidonic acid, and the presence of inhibitors, e.g. eicosapentaenoic acid in the diet. Competitive inhibition of eicosanoid biosynthesis by fish oil fatty acids is more effective in states of low cellular arachidonic acid availability. Concentrations of arachidonic acid depend on the rate of transformation of linoleic acid and on the presence of other polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet, which have been shown to compete for metabolic processes. These dietary measures allow to manipulate the eicosanoid profile, and to treat diseases with disturbed eicosanoid biosynthesis. Enhanced eicosanoid biosynthesis has been described in atherosclerosis, allergic and neoplastic diseases, in ulcerative colitis, segmental colitis, psoriasis and in rheumatic diseases. The reduction of exaggerated eicosanoid biosynthesis is indicated, and can contribute to a more favourable course in these diseases. Dietary measures are a linoleic acid intake according to dietary allowances, a reduction of arachidonic acid intake, and inclusion of fish oil fatty acids in the diet.
Inuit metabolism revisited: what drove the selective sweep of <i>CPT1a</i> L479?; This article reassesses historical studies of Inuit metabolism in light of recent developments in evolutionary genetics. It discusses the possible selective advantage of a variant of CPT1a, which encodes the rate limiting enzyme in hepatic fatty acid oxidation. The L479 variant of CPT1a underwent one of the strongest known selective sweeps in human history and is specific to Inuit and Yu'pik populations. Recent hypotheses predict that this variant may have been selected in response to possible detrimental effects of chronic ketosis in communities with very low carbohydrate consumption. Assessing these hypotheses alongside several alternative explanations of the selective sweep, this article challenges the notion that the selection of L479 is linked to predicted detrimental effects of ketosis. Bringing together for the first time data from biochemical, metabolic, and physiological studies inside and outside the Inuit sphere, it aims to provide a broader interpretative framework and a more comprehensive way to understand the selective sweep. It suggests that L479 may have provided a selective advantage in glucose conservation as part of a metabolic adaptation to very low carbohydrate and high protein consumption, but not necessarily a ketogenic state, in an extremely cold environment. A high intake of n-3 fatty acids may be linked to selection through the mitigation of a detrimental effect of the mutation that arises in the fasted state. The implications of these conclusions for our broader understanding of very low carbohydrate metabolism, and for dietary recommendations for Inuit and non-Inuit populations, are discussed.
Fat Oxidation of Fatty Fish vs. Meat Meal Diets Under <i>in vitro</i> Standardized Semi-Dynamic Gastric Digestion; Meat and fish are introduced into the diet as a source of protein, but these muscle foods present different fatty acid (FA) compositions and different lipid stabilities. Fatty fish is expected to oxidize due to its higher content of polyunsaturated FA (PUFA), whereas the higher heme-Fe content of red meat will also affect lipid stability. Combining other food ingredients within a meal also influences lipid oxidation, which will not stop after meals intake. This is due to the acidic environment of the stomach together with the presence of metallic ions, a process that is scarcely understood. The goal of this study was to evaluate the oxidation of fatty fish vs. meat meal diets under in vitro standardized semi-dynamic gastric conditions and FA release from the stomach to the duodenum. Meal diets composed by 25% beef meal (BM) or fatty fish meal (FM), 25% fried potatoes, and 50% sugar soft drink were prepared. Proximate composition, FA and amino acid profiles, and meals quality indices were evaluated. Their differences in composition led to different total gastric digestion time of 242.74 (BM) and 175.20 (FM) minutes. Using the INFOGEST semi-dynamic gastric model, 4 gastric emptying (GE) were simulated in both meals. In each GE, FA profile and lipid oxidation products (LOPs) formation were assessed. As a result, more than 50% FA release to the duodenum occurred in GE1, whose percentage decreased with the time of digestion. FM exhibited the highest LOPs formation, which corroborates the high peroxidizability index measured for this meal diet. Higher LOPs formation occurred in the later GEs, which released less FA. This suggests that higher times of residence in the stomach increase FA oxidation. This study shows a higher formation of LOPs during digestion of FM using a whole meal approach. These results relate to its richness in PUFAs compared to BM. Despite higher LOPs formation, FM digests that reached duodenum still contain higher content of unoxidized PUFAs compared with BM and a desirable omega 3/omega 6 PUFAs ratio of ~0.43. LOPs formation in PUFA-rich meals could be reduced if those meals have a low caloric value, avoiding large times of residence in the stomach and consequently high levels of oxidation.
Intake of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the risk of incident peripheral artery disease; Background A high intake of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may lower the risk of coronary heart disease and ischemic stroke. The association between intake of marine n-3 PUFAs and development of peripheral artery disease (PAD), however, remains unexplored. We hypothesised that intake of marine n-3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and the sum of EPA + DHA was associated with a lower risk of incident PAD. Methods We used data from the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort and investigated the associations between intake of EPA, DHA and EPA + DHA and development of PAD. Information on intake of n-3 PUFAs was obtained through a validated food frequency questionnaire. Potential PAD cases were identified through linkage to the Danish National Patient Register and subsequently, all cases were validated. Results Data were available from 55,248 participants and during a median of 13.6 years of follow-up, 950 cases of PAD were identified. Multivariate Cox regression analyses with adjustments for established risk factors showed no statistically significant associations between intake of EPA (p = 0.255), DHA (p = 0.071) or EPA + DHA (p = 0.168) and the rate of incident PAD. Conclusions We did not confirm our hypothesis that intake of EPA, DHA or EPA + DHA was associated with a lower risk of incident PAD.
EVALUATION OF 4 ANIMAL-MODELS OF INTRARENAL CALCIUM DEPOSITION AND ASSESSMENT OF THE INFLUENCE OF DIETARY SUPPLEMENTATION WITH ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACIDS ON CALCIFICATION; Firstly, to determine a satisfactory animal model for induction of intrarenal calcification, a study of four previously described animal models of intrarenal calcification was carried out which showed that intraperitoneal injection of 10% calcium gluconate into female Sprague-Dawley rats was most effective. We then investigated the hypothesis that dietary supplementation with essential fatty acids could reduce the intrarenal calcification developing as a result of intraperitoneal calcium injection. Using a combination of fish oil and evening primrose oil, we demonstrated a significant difference in renal parenchymal calcification, which was 940 +/- 240 mu g Ca/g dry weight renal parenchyma in unsupplemented animals and 320-370 +/- 55-65 mu g Ca/g dry weight renal. parenchyma in supplemented animals (means +/- SEM, P < 0.005). It was also demonstrated that there was synergism between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA): dietary supplementation with a combined oil preparation containing 27 mg/ml EPA and 67 mg/ml GLA mixed as 2% with food was as effective as oils containing either 400 mg/ml EPA or 80 mg/ml GLA mixed as 4% of food.
Dietary patterns and risk of elevated C-reactive protein concentrations 12 years later; Inflammation mediates several chronic diseases. Micronutrients can act on inflammation, either through modulating cytokine production or by scavenging by-products of activated white cells. Identifying dietary patterns (DP) reflecting these mechanisms and relating them to inflammation is of interest. The objective of the study was to identify DP specifically associated with intakes of nutrients potentially involved in inflammatory processes in a middle-aged population and investigate long-term associations between these DP and C-reactive protein (CRP) status assessed several years later. Subjects included in the Supplementation in Vitamins and Mineral Antioxidants 2 cohort study, having available data on dietary assessment carried out in 1994-5 and CRP measurement in 2007-9, were included in the analysis. DP were extracted with reduced rank regression (RRR), using antioxidant micronutrients and PUFA as response variables. Associations between CRP measurements >3 mg/l and extracted DP were then examined with logistic regression models providing OR and 95% CI. A total of 2031 subjects (53.2% women, mean follow-up duration: 12.5 years) were included in the analyses. Of the four extracted DP, a DP with high loading values of vegetables and vegetable oils, leading to high intakes of antioxidant micronutrients and essential fatty acids, was significantly and negatively associated with risk of elevated CRP (OR 0.88; 95% CI 0.78, 0.98). Conversely, a DP reflecting a high n-6:n-3 fatty acid intake ratio was positively and significantly associated with elevated CRP (adjusted OR 1.15; 95% CI 1.00, 1.32). DP extracted with RRR provide support for further exploration of relationships between dietary behaviour and inflammation.
Modern Human Physiology with Respect to Evolutionary Adaptations that Relate to Diet in the Past; This paper reviews evidence from human physiology as to which foods may have been typically consumed by the hominin ancestral lineage up to the advent of anatomically modern humans. Considerable evidence suggests that many common diseases can be prevented by hunter-gatherer diets. Apparently, human nutritional metabolism is not perfectly fine-tuned for recently introduced staple foods, such as cereals, dairy products, added salt, and refined fats and sugar. It is much more uncertain if human physiology can provide direct evidence of which animal and plant foods were regularly consumed during human evolution, and in what proportions. The requirements of ascorbic acid can easily be met by organ meats from large animals, as well as by plant foods. Vitamin B 12 is absent in plant foods and must be supplied from meat, fish, shellfish, or insects, but the required amounts are apparently small.
Long term exposure effect of a unique metabolic nutrition system containing a diverse group of phytochemicals on serum chemistry and genomic and non-genomic changes in the liver of female B6C3F1 mice; The nutritional value and therapeutic benefits coupled with presumed safety have heightened interest in the use of custom designed dietary supplements. Their use has increased substantially since the passage of the 1994 Dietary Supplement Health Education Act. However, few well-controlled studies have been conducted to assess the safety and potential adverse effects of dietary supplements. MNSO (MNS Orange-AdvoCare (R)) is a unique combination of vitamins, minerals, omega-3 fatty acids and herbal extracts designed to provide a strong foundation of nutritional support, enhance thermogenesis, heighten energy levels and improve immune status. This investigation was designed to explore the safety and toxic effects, if any, of 12 months of continuous exposure to the ephedra and caffeine containing MNSO on serum chemistry and histopathology of seven vital target organs in female B6C3F1 mice. MNSO is enriched with extracts of citrus, Ephedra, Ginkgo, green tea and Ocimum. In this study, mice were fed control (-MNSO) or MNSO (1x-10x, 1x = daily human dose) diets. Blood was collected from all groups including the control every 4 months for serum chemistry analysis (enzyme, lipid, carbohydrate, electrolyte profiles), and liver tissue was collected for tissue biochemistry and histopathology. Multiple biochemical parameters included: (i) determination of oxidative stress via lipid peroxidation and (ii) assessment of genomic integrity via DNA fragmentation. In addition, food consumption and body weight changes were also monitored biweekly. The data showed that 12 months ingestion of 10x-MNSO did not significantly influence organ histopathology, alter the normal serum chemistry profile or any of the crucial tissue biochemistry. MNSO-exposed animals were more active, consumed more food and were relatively leaner compared with the controls. This study indicates that a caffeine and ephedra containing metabolic nutrition system is non-toxic and non-hepatotoxic in mice at up to 10x the human consumption dose of ephedra. Copyright (c) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Ethanol-mediated promotion of oesophageal carcinogenesis: Association with lipid peroxidation and changes in phospholipid fatty acid profile of the target tissue; Ethanol consumption is a high risk factor for oesophageal carcinoma and studies indicate that it acts as a promoter of N-nitrosomethylbenzylamine (NMBzA)-induced oesophageal carcinogenesis. The studies described here indicate that ethanol-induced promotion was related with an increase in indices of lipid peroxidation in the target oesophageal tissue and that such an increase was associated with significant changes in the fatty acid profile of phospholipids. Young Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with NMBzA, 2.5 mg/kg body weight, three times a week for 3 weeks, and a week afterwards fed a 7% ethanolic diet that was continued until their death at 10 months. Cumulative ethane exhaled by rats was measured a week before their death and was found to increase significantly with NMBzA treatment but more so when followed by ethanol consumption. Cholesterol, phospholipids, and some indices of lipid peroxidation were measured in the oesophagus and liver. Whereas the levels of cholesterol and phospholipids were not affected in control-fed rats with or without the NMBzA treatment, ethanol consumption by either the untreated or NMBzA-treated rats caused a significant increase in the targeted oesophagus as well as the liver, the major site of ethanol and carcinogen metabolism Ethanol consumption also increased all the indices of lipid peroxidation, i.e, malondialdehyde, lipid fluorescence, diene- and triene-conjugates; the largest increases were observed in rats that received both NMBzA and ethanol. A comparison of the fatty acid profile of phospholipids from the oesophagus and liver indicated significant alterations both with the NMBzA treatment and ethanol consumption. However, the fatty acid profile with regard to its peroxidability was significantly modified only with ethanol consumption and only in the aesophagus of the NMBzA-treated or untreated rats. Also, hepatic phospholipids showed a substantial increase in linolenate and no change in arachidonate, but the oesophageal phospholipids exhibited a pronounced increase in the levels of C18:3, C20:2, C20:3, C20:3' and C22:6 with a significant increase in arachidonate when use of ethanol followed the NMBzA treatment, suggesting a disorder in lipid and eicosanoid metabolism. We propose that ethanol may promote carcinogenesis through excessive cell proliferation induced by disordered lipid and eicosanoid metabolism that may cause a selective outgrowth of the initiated cells.
ESPEN guidelines on nutrition in cancer patients; Cancers are among the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide, and the number of new cases is expected to rise significantly over the next decades. At the same time, all types of cancer treatment, such as surgery, radiation therapy, and pharmacological therapies are improving is sophistication, precision and in the power to target specific characteristics of individual cancers. Thus, while many cancers may still not be cured they may be converted to chronic diseases. All of these treatments, however, are impeded or precluded by the frequent development of malnutrition and metabolic derangements in cancer patients, induced by the tumor or by its treatment. These evidence-based guidelines were developed to translate current best evidence and expert opinion into recommendations for multi-disciplinary teams responsible for identification, prevention, and treatment of reversible elements of malnutrition in adult cancer patients. The guidelines were commissioned and financially supported by ESPEN and by the European Partnership for Action Against Cancer (EPAAC), an EU level initiative. Members of the guideline group were selected by ESPEN to include a range of professions and fields of expertise. We searched for meta-analyses, systematic reviews and comparative studies based on clinical questions according to the PICO format. The evidence was evaluated and merged to develop clinical recommendations using the GRADE method. Due to the deficits in the available evidence, relevant still open questions were listed and should be addressed by future studies. Malnutrition and a loss of muscle mass are frequent in cancer patients and have a negative effect on clinical outcome. They may be driven by inadequate food intake, decreased physical activity and catabolic metabolic derangements. To screen for, prevent, assess in detail, monitor and treat malnutrition standard operating procedures, responsibilities and a quality control process should be established at each institution involved in treating cancer patients. All cancer patients should be screened regularly for the risk or the presence of malnutrition. In all patients with the exception of end of life care energy and substrate requirements should be met by offeiing in a step-wise manner nutritional interventions from counseling to parenteral nutrition. However, benefits and risks of nutritional interventions have to be balanced with special consideration in patients with advanced disease. Nutritional care should always be accompanied by exercise training. To counter malnutrition in patients with advanced cancer there are few pharmacological agents and pharmaconutrients with only limited effects. Cancer survivors should engage in regular physical activity and adopt a prudent diet. (C) 2016 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
DNA methylation of tumour necrosis factor (TNF) alpha gene is associated with specific blood fatty acid levels in a gender-specific manner; Background Fatty acids, specifically polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in inflammation and its resolution, however, their interaction with the epigenome is relatively unexplored. Here we investigate the relationship between circulating blood fatty acids and the DNA methylation of the cytokine encoding gene tumour necrosis factor (TNF, OMIM 191160).
THE EFFECT OF WALNUT OIL CONSUMPTION ON BLOOD SUGAR CONTROL IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE TWO DIABETES; Introduction: Various epidemiological studies have shown the relationship between increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases (CAD) on the one hand and poor control of blood sugar and lipid profile on the other hand. Furthermore, it has been shown that substitution of saturated fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and a linolenic acid (ALA) would improve glucose homeostasis.
Eicosapentaenoic acid in cancer improves body composition and modulates metabolism; Objectives: The objective of this review article is to present the most recent intervention studies with EPA on nutritional outcomes in cancer patients, e.g. nutritional status, weight & lean body mass.
Contribution of meat fat to dietary arachidonic acid; Arachidonic acid (AA) in the diet can be efficiently absorbed and incorporated into tissue membranes, re:suiting in an increased production of thromboxane A(2) by platelets and increased ex vivo platelet aggregability. Results from previous studies have shown that AA is concentrated in the membrane phospholipids of lean meats. However, the concentration of AA in the visible fat portion of meats also may be significant despite being ignored in most studies. The aim of this study was to accurately quantitate the AA content of visible fat and the lean portion of beef, lamb, pork, chicken, duck, and turkey. The visible fat of meat contained a significant quantity of AA, ranging from 20 to 180 mg/100 g fat,whereas the AA content of the lean portion of meat was lower, ranging from 30 to 99 mg/100 g lean meat. Beef and lamb meats contained lower levels of AA in both the visible fat and lean portion than that from the other species. The highest level of AA in lean meat was in duck (99 mg/100 g), whereas pork fat had the highest concentration for the visible fats (180 mg/100 g). The lean portions of beef and lamb contained the higher levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) compared with white meats which were high in AA and low in n-3 PUFA. The present data indicate that the visible meat fat can make a contribution to dietary intake of AA, particularly for consumers with high intakes of fat from pork or poultry meat.
Associations of erythrocyte fatty acid patterns with insulin resistance; Background: Synergistic or additive effects or both on cardiometabolic risk may be missed by examining individual fatty acids (FAs). A pattern analysis may be a more useful approach. In addition, it remains unclear whether erythrocyte FA composition relates to insulin resistance among Hispanics/Latinos.
Hypolipidemic effect of oils with balanced amounts of fatty acids obtained by blending and interesterification of coconut oil with rice bran oil or sesame oil; Blended oils comprising coconut oil (CNO) and rice bran oil (RBO) or sesame oil (SESO) with saturated fatty acid/monounsatu rated fatty acid/polyunsaturated fatty acid at a ratio of 1:11 and polyunsaturated/ saturated ratio of 0.8-1 enriched with nutraceuticals were prepared. Blended oils (B) were subjected to interesterification reaction using sn-1,3 specific Lipase from Rhizomucor miehei. Fatty acid composition and nutraceutical contents of the blended oil were not affected by interesterification reaction.. Male Wistar rats were fed with AIN-76 diet containing 10% fat from CNO, RBO, SESO, CNO+RBO blend (B), CNO+SESO(B), CNO+RBO interesterified (1), or CNO+SESO(I) for 60 days. Serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triacylglycerols (TAGs) were reduced by 23.8, 32.4, and 13.9%, respectively, in rats fed CNO+RBO(B) and by 20.5, 34.1, and 12.9%, respectively, in rats fed CNO+SESO(B) compared to rats given CNO. Rats fed interesterified oils showed a decrease in serum TC, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and TAGs in CNO+RBO(I) by 35, 49.1, and 23.2 and by 33.3, 47, and 19.8% in CNO+SESO(l), respectively, compared to rats given CNO. Compared to rats fed CNO+RBO blended oils, rats on CNO+RBO interesterified oil showed a further decrease of 14.6, 24.7, and 10% in TC, LIDL-C, and TAG. Rats fed CNO+SESO interesterified oils showed a decrease in serum TC, LIDL-C, and TAG by 16.2, 19.6, and 7.8%, respectively, compared to rats given blended oils of CNO+SESO (B), Liver lipid analysis also showed significant change in the TC and TAG concentration in rats fed blended and interesterified oils of CNO+RBO and CNO+SESO compared to the rats given CNO. The present study suggests that feeding fats containing blended oils with balanced fatty acids lowers serum and liver lipids. Interesterified oils prepared using Lipase have a further lowering effect on serum and liver lipids even though the fatty acid composition of blended and interesterified oils remained same. These studies indicated that the atherogenic potentials of a saturated fatty acid containing CNO can be significantly decreased by blending with an oil rich in unsaturated lipids in appropriate amounts and interesterification of blended oil.
Calculating Intake of Dietary Risk Components Used in the Global Burden of Disease Studies from the What We Eat in America/National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys; Disability adjusted life years (DALYs) is a health burden metric that combines years of life lost due to disease disability and premature mortality. The Global Burden of Disease (GBD) has been using DALYs to determine the health burden associated with numerous health risks, including risks associated with dietary intakes, at the global and national level. To translate such information at the food level in the U.S., variables in What We Eat in America (WWEIA) need to be aligned with those in the GBD. In this paper, we develop the necessary new variables needed to account for differences in definitions and units between WWEIA and the GBD. We use the Food Patterns Equivalents Database, Food Patterns Equivalents Ingredient Database, Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies, and Standard Reference databases that provide data for WWEIA to develop food group and nutrient variables that align with definitions and units used in the GBD. Considerable effort was needed to disaggregate mixed dishes to GBD components. We also developed a new "non-starchy" vegetable variable, since the GBD vegetables do not include potatoes and corn, and we report fruits and vegetables in grams instead of household measures. New fiber variables were created to avoid double counting of fiber from legumes, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables. Regression analyses were used to predict trans-fat content for foods in WWEIA with missing or incomplete information. The majority of foods in various U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) categories contain multiple GBD food groups (e.g., vegetables, whole grains, and processed meat). For most nutrients considered in the GBD, composition is more evenly distributed across the main food categories; however, seafood omega-3 fats were predominantly from either protein foods or mixed dishes and sugar sweetened beverages were from a single category. Dietary intakes in the U.S. fall short of recommendations for all food groups/nutrients with established theoretical minimum-risk targets in GBD. To our knowledge, this is the first approach that aligns WWEIA intake variables with those used in the health burden-based GBD reports. These methods will facilitate researchers to begin comparing data from the U.S. with that from other countries, as well as assess food sustainability performances by concomitantly evaluating DALYs for environmental and nutritional impacts.
Evidence-based and heuristic approaches for customization of care in cardiometabolic syndrome after spinal cord injury; Component and coalesced health risks of the cardiometabolic syndrome (CMS) are commonly reported in persons with spinal cord injuries (SCIs). These CMS hazards are also co-morbid with physical deconditioning and elevated pro-atherogenic inflammatory cytokines, both of which are common after SCI and worsen the prognosis for all-cause cardiovascular disease. This article describes a systematic procedure for individualized CMS risk assessment after SCI, and emphasizes evidence-based and intuition-centered countermeasures to disease. A unified approach will propose therapeutic lifestyle intervention as a routine plan for aggressive primary prevention in this risk-susceptible population. Customization of dietary and exercise plans then follow, identifying shortfalls in diet and activity patterns, and ways in which these healthy lifestyles can be more substantially embraced by both stakeholders with SCI and their health care providers. In cases where lifestyle intervention utilizing diet and exercise is unsuccessful in countering risks, available pharmacotherapies and a preferred therapeutic agent are proposed according to authoritative standards. The over-arching purpose of the monograph is to create an operational framework in which existing evidence-based approaches or heuristic modeling becomes best practice. In this way persons with SCI can lead more active and healthy lives.
Nutritional Value and Physical Quality of Oral Nutritional Supplements Made from Purple Sweet Potatoes to Treat Malnutrition in Patients with Cancer; Background Malnutrition often occurs in patients with cancer, which eventually leads to decreasing response to therapy and increased morbidity and mortality rate. Oral Nutrition Supplements (ONS) are necessary to provide additional nutritional intervention to prevent and treat malnutrition in cancer patients. Purple sweet potato is a local food that is abundantly available in Indonesia and can be utilized as a basic ingredient for producing a modified ONS formula that is not only high in nutritional value but also has good physical quality.Objective This study aimed to evaluate the nutritional value and physical quality of purple sweet potato-based ONS.Methods A new local food-based formula was formulated by using purple sweet potato as the main ingredient. This new formula, which was then mentioned as the treatment formula, was subsequently compared with the control formula. The control formula was made from ingredients commonly used for producing ONS in hospitals in Indonesia, such as milk powder, sugar, oil, and other additives such as maltodextrin and creamer. Meanwhile, the treatment formula was labelled into three treatment formulas based on the differences in the proportions of white egg flour and whey protein as a protein source in each treatment formula. The treatment formula was formulated by using local ingredients of purple sweet potato flour and egg white flour by adding whey protein, extra virgin olive oil, omega-3 powder, sugar, and creamer. A proximate analysis was conducted to analyze the nutrient content of the formula and the viscosity and osmolarity tests were conducted to evaluate the physical qualities of the formula. The laboratory analysis results were described as descriptive data, then analyzed by using One-Way ANOVA. The determination of the best treatment formula in the form of effectiveness (Nh).Results The results of the proximate test and physical quality showed that the best formula based on the highest Nh value of 0.75 was P3 with 245 kcal energy, 8.8 g (14%) protein, 6.5 g (24%) fat, and 37.8 g (62%) carbohydrate, viscosity 28.1 cP, and osmolarity 492.3 mOsm (iso-osmolar) per serving size (200 ml).Conclusion Formula P3 which contains more egg white flour than whey protein is the best formula that has the best nutritional value and good physical quality.
Transcriptome Analysis of Atlantic Salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i>) Skin in Response to Sea Lice and Infectious Salmon Anemia Virus Co-Infection Under Different Experimental Functional Diets; Sea lice (Lepeophtheirus salmonis) are ectoparasitic copepods that cause significant economic loss in marine salmoniculture. In commercial salmon farms, infestation with sea lice can enhance susceptibility to other significant pathogens, such as the highly contagious infectious salmon anemia virus (ISAv). In this study, transcriptomic analysis was used to evaluate the impact of four experimental functional feeds (i.e. 0.3% EPA/DHA+high-omega 6, 0.3% EPA/DHA+high-omega 6+immunostimulant (IS), 1% EPA/DHA+high-omega 6, and 1% EPA/DHA+high-omega 3) on Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) during a single infection with sea lice (L. salmonis) and a co-infection with sea lice and ISAv. The overall objectives were to compare the transcriptomic profiles of skin between lice infection alone with co-infection groups and assess differences in gene expression response among animals with different experimental diets. Atlantic salmon smolts were challenged with L. salmonis following a 28-day feeding trial. Fish were then challenged with ISAv at 18 days post-sea lice infection (dpi), and maintained on individual diets, to establish a co-infection model. Skin tissues sampled at 33 dpi were subjected to RNA-seq analysis. The co-infection's overall survival rates were between 37%-50%, while no mortality was observed in the single infection with lice. With regard to the infection status, 756 and 1303 consensus differentially expressed genes (DEGs) among the four diets were identified in "lice infection vs. pre-infection" and "co-infection vs. pre-infection" groups, respectively, that were shared between the four experimental diets. The co-infection groups (co-infection vs. pre-infection) included up-regulated genes associated with glycolysis, the interferon pathway, complement cascade activity, and heat shock protein family, while the down-regulated genes were related to antigen presentation and processing, T-cell activation, collagen formation, and extracellular matrix. Pathway enrichment analysis conducted between infected groups (lice infection vs. co-infection) resulted in several immune-related significant GO terms and pathways unique to this group, such as "autophagosome", "cytosolic DNA-sensing pathway" and "response to type I interferons". Understanding how experimental functional feeds can impact the host response and the trajectory of co-infections will be an essential step in identifying efficacious intervention strategies that account for the complexities of disease in open cage culture.
Dietary ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid but not soybean oil reverses central interleukin-1-induced changes in behavior, corticosterone and immune response in rats; Omega (n)-3 and n-6 fatty acids are important membrane components of neurons and immune cells, and related to psychiatric and inflammatory diseases. Increased ratio of n-6/n-3 in the blood has been reported in depressed patients and in students following stress exposure. The n-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (ethyl-EPA) suppresses inflammation and has antidepressant properties. Interleukin (IL)-1beta can stimulate corticosterone secretion, induce anxiety and stress-like behavior and inflammatory responses. This study was to evaluate the effect of diets enriched with coconut oil, ethyl-EPA and soybean oil on central IL-1beta induced stress and anxiety-like behavior, induced changes in the concentration of prostaglandin (PG) E2 and corticosterone and the release of IL-10. Groups of rats were fed with either 5% coconut oil (as control diet), 0.2% EPA with 4.8% coconut oil or 1% EPA with 4% coconut oil and 5% soybean oil for 7 weeks. The central administration of IL-1beta induced sickness, stress and anxiety-like behavior as indicated by a reduction in body weight, decreased time spent, and the number of entries, into the open arms of the elevated plus maze and decreased exploration and entry into the central zone of the "open field" apparatus. IL-1beta also increased PGE2 and corticosterone concentrations and decreased the release of IL-10 from leucocytes. Food enriched with ethyl-EPA but not soybean oil, significantly attenuated most of these changes. These results demonstrate that ethyl-EPA has anti-inflammatory, anti-stress and anti-anxiety effects in rats.
Non-Enzymatic Synthesis of Bioactive Isoprostanoids in the Diatom <i>Phaeodactylum</i> following Oxidative Stress; The ecological success of diatoms requires a remarkable ability to survive many types of stress, including variations in temperature, light, salinity, and nutrient availability. On exposure to these stresses, diatoms exhibit common responses, including growth arrest, impairment of photosynthesis, production of reactive oxygen species, and accumulation of triacylglycerol (TAG). We studied the production of cyclopentane oxylipins derived from fatty acids in the diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum in response to oxidative stress. P. tricornutum lacks the enzymatic pathway for producing cyclopentane-oxylipins, such as jasmonate, prostaglandins, or thromboxanes. In cells subjected to increasing doses of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), we detected nonenzymatic production of isoprostanoids, including six phytoprostanes, three F-2t-isoprostanes, two F-3t-isoprostanes, and three F-4t-neuroprostanes, by radical peroxidation of alpha-linolenic, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic, and docosahexanoic acids, respectively. H2O2 also triggered photosynthesis impairment and TAG accumulation. F-1t-phytoprostanes constitute the major class detected (300 pmol per 1 million cells; intracellular concentration, similar to 4 mu m). Only two glycerolipids, phosphatidylcholine and diacylglycerylhydroxymethyl-trimethyl-alanine, could provide all substrates for these isoprostanoids. Treatment of P. tricornutum with nine synthetic isoprostanoids produced an effect in the micromolar range, marked by the accumulation of TAG and reduced growth, without affecting photosynthesis. Therefore, the emission of H2O2 and free radicals upon exposure to stresses can lead to glycerolipid peroxidation and nonenzymatic synthesis of isoprostanoids, inhibiting growth and contributing to the induction of TAG accumulation via unknown processes. This characterization of nonenzymatic oxylipins in P. tricornutum opens a field of research on the study of processes controlled by isoprostanoid signaling in various physiological and environmental contexts in diatoms.
Krill Oil Inhibits Cholesterol Synthesis and Stimulated Cholesterol Excretion in Hypercholesterolemic Rats; The present study aimed to investigate the antihypercholesterolemic effects of krill oil supplementation in high-cholesterol diet-induced hypercholesterolemic rats, and the mechanisms underlying these effects. Rats were divided into five groups: normal control, control (high-cholesterol diet), krill oil 100 mg/kg b.w. (high-cholesterol diet with Krill oil 100 mg/kg b.w.), and krill oil 200 mg/kg b.w. (high-cholesterol diet with Krill oil 200 mg/kg b.w.). After 12 weeks, the rats were sacrificed to observe the effects of krill oil on cholesterol synthesis and excretion. We found that krill oil supplementation suppressed total triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol levels, as well as HMG-CoA reductase activity. It stimulated AMPK phosphorylation, LDL receptor and ACAT2 expression in the liver, and the fecal output of cholesterol. Furthermore, it decreased the levels of P-selectin, sVCAM-1, and NO, as well as aortic wall thickness, demonstrating its role in the prevention of atherosclerosis. Thus, we suggest that krill oil supplementation can reduce LDL-cholesterol levels in the blood during hypercholesterolemia by stimulating the uptake of LDL-cholesterol into tissue and cholesterol excretion, as well as inhibition of cholesterol synthesis.
Source of dietary lipid may modify the immune response in stressed feeder cattle; Five studies were conducted to evaluate the effects of lipid source on performance and health of stressed feeder cattle. A total of 332 heifers (195 +/- 2.37 kg initial BW) in trial 1 and 336 heifers (206 +/- 1.70 kg initial BW) in trial 2 were fed diets containing ground flaxseed (FLAX), rolled full-fat soybeans (SOY), or tallow (TAL) at 13, 20, or 4%, respectively (DM basis). All diets were formulated to be isonitrogenous and isocaloric. The ADG and G: F for the first 7 d and for the entire feeding period were greater (P < 0.05) for TAL and FLAX than for SOY. Percentage of animals treated and retreated for bovine respiratory disease did not differ among dietary treatments. The FLAX treatment increased (P < 0.05) total n-3 PUFA concentrations in the plasma, whereas SOY increased (P < 0.05) plasma concentrations of total n-6 PUFA. In trial 3, 18 steers were individually fed diets containing TAL and 18 steers were fed a diet containing SOY (20% of DM). In trials 4 and 5, 18 steers were individually fed diets containing TAL and 18 steers were fed diets containing FLAX (12.9% of DM). On d 14 and 17 of study 3, 4, and 5, 16 steers from each dietary treatment were injected i.v. with Escherichia coli O55:B5 lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and 2 steers from each diet were injected with saline. Rectal temperatures after LPS challenge were lower (P < 0.05) for SOY and FLAX than for TAL, and plasma TNF was greater (P < 0.05) for SOY than for TAL. Serum haptoglobin and blood fibrinogen increased and white blood cell count decreased in response to LPS, but none of these variables was affected by treatment. Although this research failed to measure an effect of lipid source on feedlot morbidity or mortality, these studies indicate that altering the source and type of dietary fatty acids may modify the immune response in stressed feeder cattle and that performance may be hindered by feeding full-fat soybeans to receiving cattle.
Transmission Electron Microscopy: A Surgical Pathology Tool for Neuroblastoma; Pediatric small round blue cell tumors (PSRBCT) are an intriguing and challenging collection of neoplasms. Light microscopy of small round blue cell tumors identifies small round cells. They harbor a generally hyperchromatic nucleus and relatively scanty basophilic cytoplasm. Pediatric small round blue cell tumors include several entities. Usually, they incorporate Wilms tumor, neuroblastoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, Ewing sarcoma, retinoblastoma, lymphoma, and small cell osteosarcoma, among others. Even using immunohistochemistry, the differential diagnosis of these neoplasms may be controversial at light microscopy. A faint staining or an ambiguous background can deter pathologists from making the proper diagnostic decision. In addition, molecular biology may provide an overwhelming amount of data challenging to distinguish them, and some translocations may be seen in more than one category. Thus, transmission electron microscopy (TEM) can be extremely valuable. Here we emphasize the modern protocol for TEM data of the neuroblastoma. Tumor cells with tangles of cytoplasmic processes containing neurosecretory granules can diagnose neuroblastoma.
<i>trans</i> Fatty Acids in Colostrum, Mature Milk and Diet of Lactating Adolescents; The purpose of this study was to investigate the trans fatty acids (TFA) content and distribution in colostrum, mature milk, and diet of adolescent mothers, after TFA declaration in food labels became mandatory in Brazil. Participants were healthy adolescents (n 54, 15-19 years, 1-90 days postpartum) practicing exclusive breastfeeding. Milk samples were collected 3 days after delivery (colostrum) and in the third month postpartum (mature milk) by hand expression. The fatty acid composition of the milk samples was determined by gas chromatography. TFA intake corresponded to 1.23 % of total energy value. Total 18:2 TFA accounted for less than 0.5 % of the energy intake. The amount of total 18:1 TFA (mean +/- SEM) was 1.9 % +/- 0.14 in colostrum and 1.5 % +/- 0.2 in mature milk. The total content of n-3 PUFA was inversely correlated with the total content of 18:1 TFA in colostrum. Both in colostrum and in mature milk, vaccenic acid (11t-18:1) was found to be the most abundant 18:1 trans isomer, followed by elaidic acid (9t-18:1), whereas rumenic acid (9c,11t-18:2 CLA) was the predominant 18:2 trans isomer. In conclusion, the levels of TFA of industrial sources found in the mother's diet and breast milk (colostrum and mature milk) showed a decrease in relation to those observed in studies conducted prior to the TFA labeling resolution in Brazil. However, the current low intake levels of n-3 LCPUFA and DHA content in the milk of lactating adolescents may be insufficient for supporting adequate neurological development of the infants.
Milk Fat Globule in Ruminant: Major and Minor Compounds, Nutritional Regulation and Differences Among Species; Recent knowledge is presented on the composition of ruminant milk fat fractions and the nutritional strategies known to alter their amount. The development of lipidomic and proteomic analyses has allowed for the characterization of minor components, such as proteins, liposoluble vitamins, and phospholipids of the milk fat globule (MFG), in addition to the triacylglycerols (TAG), which are the major constituents of the MFG core. Few differences in these components among ruminant species exist, and they have been outlined mainly on the fatty acids (FA) profile of the TAG, whereas comparative data are still lacking on vitamins and proteins. The effects of dietary treatments enriched in n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) on the composition of the milk fat fraction are explored. In particular, pasture and plant oilseeds increase milk n-3 PUFA and cis-9,trans-11 CLA and decrease saturated FA, whereas data with new feed resources, such as algae, are still rare. The peculiarities of the response of the milk fat to diets that induce a milk fat depression in cows but in lesser extent in small ruminants are described. The potential effects of polar lipids, proteins, and liposoluble vitamins of the MFG on human health are reviewed, highlighting the nutraceutical properties of milk.
Therapy through Social Medicine: Cultivating Connections and Inspiring Solutions for Healthy Living; Objective: This paper is to identify key areas where healthy living may be improved in India, and the converse, through cultivating connections at government, community, and at individual levels. Methods and Materials: Key healthy living issues for India were selected and relevant evidence obtained from internet sources together with personal experience over decades of multi- and inter-disciplinary international research activities. Approach: Key activities of connectivity in the development of Indian healthcare arising from. Methods and Materials. were evaluated. These included, the UN Millennium Development Goals, government-private interaction for healthcare benefit, family planning, Modicare 2015, women in society, business and clinical strategies, infrastructure, building. families., fish stocks preservation, ecological epidemiology, NCDs, and transgenesis. Results: In a nutritional context,. education for all. leading to connectivity and a pragmatic inspirational approach to understanding complex issues of population dynamics is essential. Of importance are scientific endeavours in agriculture and aquaculture, water utilization, food manufacture, complex issues of supply and demand at an economic eco-friendly and sustainable level, chemoprevention and treatment of diseases (where nutritionally applicable) such as with functional foods: all of which are so vital if one is to raise standards for healthy living in this century and beyond. Developing-India could be a test-bed for other countries to follow, having both the problems and professional understanding of issues raised. By 2025, the UK's Department for International Development programme in India aims to promote secondary school education for young girls, i.e., extending the age of marriage, and interventions that will lead to better health and nutrition, family planning, and developing skills for employment; and supporting India's. Right to Education Act.. The outcome may result in smaller better-nourished higher-income families. Computer school networks at Nosegay Public School in Moradabad and the municipal authorities, there, aim to reduce the consumption of unhealthy foodstuff dictated by personal convenience, media influence, and urban retail outlets and promotions. The Tsim Tsoum Institute has advocated the adoption of the Mediterranean/Palaeolithic diet with its high omega-3: omega-6 fatty acid ratio aimed at an improvement in global health due to an expected reduction in the epidemic of pre-metabolic disease, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease [1,2]. Tomorrow, low-cost computer apps are advocated as a driving force in the selection of healthy foods, grown/produced under environmentally safe conditions, within retail outlets for use by mothers with limited budgets that may lead to a revolution in retail management and policy. Chemo-preventive prospective strategies such as those involving polyphenols, lignans, (found in fruits, vegetables, and soya) and other natural phytochemical products, and functional foods, which balance benefit and risk of disease, need to be continually developed, especially to reduce breast and prostate cancer. Conclusion: There is an opportunity to make nutrition a central part of the post-2015 sustainable human and agricultural development agenda for the The Expert Panel for the UN 2030 programme to consider.
Effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk; Intrauterine growth retardation predisposes toward long-term morbidity from type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the concept of programming was introduced to indicate a process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong consequences on key endocrine and metabolic pathways. Subtle changes in cell composition of tissues, induced by suboptimal conditions in utero, can influence postnatal physiological functions. There is increasing evidence, suggesting that liver may represent one of the candidate organs targeted by programming, undergoing structural, functional and epigenetic changes following exposure to an unfavorable intrauterine environment. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying liver programming that contribute to increase the cardiometabolic risk in subjects with intrauterine growth restriction.
Association between fish oil supplementation and cancer risk according to fatty fish consumption: A large prospective population-based cohort study using UK Biobank; Whether regular fish oil supplementation is associated with cancer risk is controversial. We aimed to evaluate the association of fish oil supplementation on cancer risk according to fatty fish consumption patterns. From the UK Biobank cohort, 470 804 participants with fish oil supplementation data were included. A total of 147 316 individuals with fish oil supplementation were in the exposed group; the other 323 488 were in the unexposed group. No association was found between self-report regular fish oil supplementation and overall cancer risk (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.97, 95% confidence intervals [CIs] = 0.95-1). Stratified by fatty fish consumption level, we found the association between fish oil supplementation and lower cancer risk in participants who consumed fatty fish less than two times per week, with association noted for both overall cancer (HR = 0.96, 95% CI = 0.94-0.99) and some specific cancers (colon cancer: HR = 0.84, 95% CI = 0.75-0.94; hepatobiliary cancer: HR = 0.74, 95% CI = 0.58-0.96; lung cancer: HR = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.78-0.98). On the contrary, a higher risk of breast cancer was observed (HR = 1.16, 95% CI = 1.01-1.32) in participants who consumed fatty fish at least two times per week. In conclusion, our findings underscore the need to refine recommendations for nutritional supplements according to inherent diet habits.
An LC-MS-based lipidomics approach for studying the impact of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid on modulating methylmercury toxicity in mice; Introduction Methylmercury (MeHg) exposure has been a public health problem for many decades. There is a growing interest in searching for possible dietary nutrients that may affect MeHg toxicity.
Are we what we eat? Changes to the feed fatty acid composition of farmed salmon and its effects through the food chain; 'Are we what we eat?' Yes and no. Although dietary fat affects body fat, there are many modifying mechanisms. In Atlantic salmon, there is a high level of retention of the n-3 fatty acid (FA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) relative to the dietary content, whereas saturated FAs never seem to increase above a specified level, which is probably an adaptation to lowand fluctuating body temperature. Net production of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA,20:5n-3) and especially DHA occurs in salmon when dietary levels are low; however, this synthesis is not sufficient to maintain EPA and DHA at similar tissue levels to those of a traditional fish oil-fed farmed salmon. The commercial diets of farmed salmon have changed over the past 15 years towards a more plant-based diet owing to the limited availability of the marine ingredients fish meal and fish oil, resulting in decreased EPA and DHA and increased n-6 FAs. Salmon is part of the human diet, leading to the question 'Are we what the salmon eats?' Dietary intervention studies using salmon have shown positive effects on FA profiles and health biomarkers in humans; however, most of these studies used salmon that were fed high levels of marine ingredients. Only a few human intervention studies and mouse trials have explored the effects of the changing feed composition of farmed salmon. In conclusion, when evaluating feed ingredients for farmed fish, effects throughout the food chain on fish health, fillet composition and human health need to be considered.
Growth, Fatty Acid Composition, Antioxidant Activity and Resistance of <i>Litopenaeus vannamei </i>Fed With <i>Dunaliella salina</i>; In order to determine the effect of Dunaleilla salina extract (DE) as feed supplement on the fatty acid composition, growth performance, anti-oxidant activity, as well as resistance of shrimp (Litopenaeus vannamei) challenged with Photobacterium damselae bacteria, we performed an eight-week trial. Post-larvae shrimps with the initial weight of 0.86 & PLUSMN; 0.1 g have been stocked randomly into four different trial groups with three replications and fed with inclusion levels of 0, 0.05, 1 and 1.5 g kg(-1) of DE. After eight weeks of experiment, thirty shrimps from each of the dietary group have been exposed to the bacteria P. damselae over 10 days. Based on the findings, DE can be used as one of the growth promoters for L. vannamei. Specific growth ratio, weight gain and protein efficiency ratio significantly increased (P < 0.05) in shrimps fed by DE1 diet in comparison with other groups. In addition, it has been determined that inclusion of 0.5 and 1 g kg(-1) DE significantly enhanced (P < 0.05) of the poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the body. especially linolenic acid (LNA;C18:3n-3). eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA;C20:5n-3), linoleic acid (LOA;C18:2n-6), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA;C22:6 N-3. The highest phenoloxidase (PO), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities have been determined in shrimps fed by DE0.5 and DE1 diets. Also, the minimum rate of death has been seen in the DE1 supplementary diet after exposure to P. damselae. Overally, results indicated that inclusion levels of D. salina extract in 1 g kg(-1) dose enhance growth, fatty acid composition, antioxidant activity and resistance of the shrimp L. vannamei as opposed to the P. damselae infection.
Serum albumin levels and risk of atrial fibrillation: a Mendelian randomization study; Objective Although several observational studies have linked serum albumin to cardiovascular disease and considered it as an important biomarker, little is known about whether increasing or maintaining serum albumin levels can effectively improve the prognosis of patients with atrial fibrillation. Therefore, this study aims to further explore the causal relationship between serum albumin and atrial fibrillation and its potential mechanism.Method Using data from large-scale genome-wide association studies, we conducted a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis and a mediation MR analysis, using serum albumin as the exposure variable and atrial fibrillation as the outcome variable. We included 486 serum metabolites as potential mediating factors. To increase the robustness of the analysis, we applied five statistical methods, including inverse variance weighted, weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode. Validate the MR results using Bayesian weighted Mendelian randomization method.Result The results of the MR analysis indicate a significant inverse association between genetically predicted serum albumin concentration (g/L) and the risk of atrial fibrillation (Beta = -0.172, OR = 0.842, 95% CI: 0.753-0.941, p = 0.002). Further mediation MR analysis revealed that serum albumin may mediate the causal relationship with atrial fibrillation by affecting two serum metabolites, docosatrienoate and oleate/vaccenate, and the mediating effect was significant. In addition, all our instrumental variables showed no heterogeneity and level-multiplicity in the MR analysis. To verify the stability of the results, we also conducted a sensitivity analysis using the leave-one-out method, and the results further confirmed that our findings were robust and reliable. Finally, we conducted a validation using the Bayesian weighted Mendelian randomization method, which demonstrated the reliability of our causal inference results.Conclusion This study strongly demonstrates the causal relationship between serum albumin and reduced risk of atrial fibrillation through genetic methods, and reveals the key mediating role of two serum metabolites in this relationship. These findings not only provide a new perspective for our understanding of the role of serum albumin in atrial fibrillation, but also provide new ideas for the prevention and treatment strategies of atrial fibrillation.
Vascular basis for brain degeneration: faltering controls and risk factors for dementia; The integrity of the vascular system is essential for the efficient functioning of the brain. Aging-related structural and functional disturbances in the macro- or microcirculation of the brain make it vulnerable to cognitive dysfunction, leading to brain degeneration and dementing illness. Several faltering controls, including impairment in autoregulation, neurovascular coupling, blood-brain barrier leakage, decreased cerebrospinal fluid, and reduced vascular tone, appear to be responsible for varying degrees of neurodegeneration in old age. There is ample evidence to indicate vascular risk factors are also linked to neurodegenerative processes preceding cognitive decline and dementia. The strongest risk factor for brain degeneration, whether it results from vascular or neurodegenerative mechanisms or both, is age. However, several modifiable risks such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, and obesity enhance the rate of cognitive decline and increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease in particular. The ultimate accumulation of brain pathological lesions may be modified by genetic influences, such as the apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 allele and the environment. Lifestyle measures that maintain or improve cardiovascular health, including consumption of healthy diets, moderate use of alcohol, and implementation of regular physical exercise are important factors for brain protection.
Purification and characterization of a ∼34 kDa antioxidant protein (β-turmerin) from turmeric (<i>Curcuma longa</i>) waste grits; beta-Turmerin from turmeric (Curcuma longa) waste grits obtained after extraction of curcumin was purified by successive gel permeation chromatography. Homogeneity of beta-turmerin was confirmed by its movement as single band both in SDS-PAGE and as well as in native (basic) PAGE. The apparent molecular mass is similar to 34 kDa by SDS-PAGE. It is more hydrophobic protein and showed sharp single peak in RP-HPLC with retention time of 62.17 min. It is a glycoprotein as it shows the presence of amino sugars up to 0.021 gm%. In three different model systems i.e., linolenic acid micelles, erythrocyte membrane systems and liposomes, beta-turmerin at 0.125 mu M offered 70%, 64%, and 60% inhibition of lipid peroxidation, which is 3200 times more efficient than the standard antioxidants BHA (400 mu M) and alpha-tocopherol (400 mu M). 5-turmerin inhibited diene-triene and tetraene conjugation up to 54%, 72% and 47%, respectively. beta-turmerin also effectively scavenges hydroxyl radicals when compared to BHA and alpha-tocopherol. beta-turmerin (2.5 mu M) further inhibited the activation of PMNL mediated by fMLP up to the extent of 75%, where as standards BHA (400 mu M) and mannitol (10 mu M) inhibited the same to 65% and 55%, respectively. At 0.125 mu M dose beta-turmerin prevented t-BOOH induced cell death at all time intervals. In addition to the above properties, it is non-toxic to lymphocytes as it did not affect the viability of cells. The mechanism of antioxidant action of beta-turmerin could probably be by counteracting/quenching of reactive oxygen species (ROS). We report the purification and characterization of beta-turmerin (similar to 34 kDa), a potent antioxidant protein from turmeric waste grits. (C) 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
PUFA and their derivatives in neurotransmission and synapses: a new hallmark of synaptopathies; PUFA of the n-3 and n-6 families are present in high concentration in the brain where they are major components of cell membranes. The main forms found in the brain are DHA (22 :6, n-3) and arachidonic acid (20:4, n-6). In the past century, several studies pinpointed that modifications of n-3 and n-6 PUFA levels in the brain through dietary supply or genetic means are linked to the alterations of synaptic function. Yet, synaptopathies emerge as a common characteristic of neurodevelopmental disorders, neuropsychiatric diseases and some neurodegenerative diseases. Understanding the mechanisms of action underlying the activity of PUFA at the level of synapses is thus of high interest. In this frame, dietary supplementation in PUFA aiming at restoring or promoting the optimal function of synapses appears as a promising strategy to treat synaptopathies. This paper reviews the link between dietary PUFA, synapse formation and the role of PUFA and their metabolites in synaptic functions.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Induced Macrophages Activation through GPR120-Mediated Raf-ERK1/2-IKK-NF-B p65 Signaling Pathways; Objectives: To investigate the immunomodulatory effect and molecular mechanisms of Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, a typical kind of n-3PUFAs) on RAW264.7 cells. Methods: A variety of research methods, including the RAW264.7 cells culture, cell proliferation assays, morphologic observations, measurements of NO production, cytokine assays, nuclear protein extractions, western blot analyses and NF-kappa B p65 immunofluorescence assays were used in this study. Results: The results showed that EPA could increase the proliferation index and enhance the release of nitric oxide (NO) and cytokines in RAW264.7 cells. Western blotting results revealed that the protein level of GPR120 increased significantly in RAW264.7 cells after EPA treatment. Meanwhile, EPA elevated the phosphorylation status of Raf, which may act as an upstream regulator of EPA-induced phosphorylated ERK1/2. In addition, the phosphorylated ERK1/2 may then promote IKK in endochylema and translocate the NF-kappa B p65 subunit into the nucleus, thus regulating the production of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and cytokines. Conclusions: EPA (0.6-3.0 mol) activates RAW264.7 cells through GPR120-mediated Raf-ERK1/2-IKK beta-NF-kappa B p65 signaling pathways.
Metabolism of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) Induces Pyroptosis in BV-2 Microglial Cells; DHA is one of the most abundant fatty acids in the brain, largely present in stores of membrane phospholipids. It is readily released by the action of phospholipase A2 and is known to induce anti-inflammatory and neurotrophic effects. It is not thought to contribute to proinflammatory processes in the brain. In this study, an immortalized murine microglia cell line (BV-2) was used to evaluate the effect of DHA on neuroinflammatory cells. Pretreatment of BV-2 cells with low concentrations of DHA (30 mu M) attenuates lipopolysaccharide-mediated inflammatory cytokine gene expression, consistent with known anti-inflammatory effects. However, higher (but still physiologically relevant) concentrations of DHA (200 mu M) induce profound cell swelling and a reduction of viability. This is accompanied by increases in the expressions of inflammatory cytokine and lipoxygenase genes, activation of caspase-1 activity, and release of IL1, indicating that cells were undergoing a proinflammatory cell death program known as pyroptosis. This process could be attenuated by pharmacological inhibition of 12-lipoxygenase (12-LOX, Alox12e), but not by inhibition of 5-LOX or 15-LOX. Cumulatively, these data demonstrate that DHA has an anti-inflammatory effect on microglial cells, but its metabolism by 12-LOX generates one or more products that activate a proinflammatory cell death program.
Nutrient reference values for bioactives: new approaches needed? A conference report; Nutrients can be classified as either "essential" or "non-essential," the latter are also termed bioactive substances. Whereas the absence of essential nutrients from the diet results in overt deficiency often times with moderate to severe physiological decrements, the absence of bioactive substances from the diet results in suboptimal health. Nutrient reference values are set by Codex Alimentarius and regulatory bodies in many countries, mostly for essential nutrients with recommended daily intakes. The IOM in the United States has defined a set of four DRIs that, when data are appropriate, include an EAR, a RDA that is derived from the EAR, an AI for nutrients without appropriate data to identify an EAR, and an UL. From the RDA, the United States derives a labeling value called the DV, which applies to older children and most adults. In Codex, the equivalents of the DVs are the NRVs to be used in calculating percentage values on food labels. Nothing in the IOM documents specifies that labeling values can be set only for what have been defined to date as essential nutrients. Indeed, the US Food and Drug Administration sets a labeling value for dietary fiber based on the IOM AI for this ingredient. This conference explores the definitions, concepts, and data on two of the best examples of bioactive substances that, perhaps, should have NRVs: lutein and zeaxanthin, and n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Consumption of High-Oleic Acid Ground Beef Increases HDL-Cholesterol Concentration but Both High- and Low-Oleic Acid Ground Beef Decrease HDL Particle Diameter in Normocholesterolemic Men; On the basis of previous results from this laboratory, this study tested the hypothesis that ground beef high in MUFA and low in SEA would increase the HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration and LDL particle diameter. In a crossover dietary intervention, 27 free-living normocholesterolemic men completed treatments in which five 114-g ground beef patties/wk were consumed for 5 wk with an intervening 4-wk washout period. Patties contained 24% total fat with a MUFA:SFA ratio of either 0.71 (low MUFA, from pasture-fed cattle) or 1.10 (high MUFA, from grain-fed cattle). High-MUFA ground beef provided 3.21 g more 18:1(n-9), 1.26 g less 18:0, 0.89 g less 16:0, and 0.36 g less 18:1 (trans) fatty acids per patty than did the low-MUFA ground beef. Both ground beef interventions decreased plasma insulin and HDL2 and HDL3 particle diameters and increased plasma 18:0 and 20:4(n-6) (all P <= 0.05) relative to baseline values. Only the high-MUFA ground beef intervention increased the HDL-C concentration from baseline)P = 0.02). The plasma TG concentration was positively correlated with the plasma insulin concentration (r = 0.40; P < 0.001) and negatively correlated with HDL-C (r = -0.47; P < 0.001) and plasma 18:0 (r = -0.24; P < 0.01). Plasma insulin and HDL diameters were not correlated (r = 0.01; P > 0.50), indicating that reductions in these measures were not coordinately regulated. The data indicate that dietary beef interventions have effects on risk factors for cardiovascular disease that are independent (insulin, HDL diameters) and dependent (HDL-C) on beef fatty acid composition. J. Nutr. 141: 1188-1194, 2011.
Lutein/Zeaxanthin for the Treatment of Age-Related Cataract AREDS2 Randomized Trial Report No. 4; IMPORTANCE Age-related cataract is a leading cause of visual impairment in the United States. The prevalence of age-related cataract is increasing, with an estimated 30.1 million Americans likely to be affected by 2020.
9,10-KODA, an a-ketol produced by the tonoplast-localized 9-lipoxygenase ZmLOX5, plays a signaling role in maize defense against insect herbivory; 13-Lipoxygenases (LOXs) initiate the synthesis of jasmonic acid (JA), the best-understood oxylipin hor-mone in herbivory defense. However, the roles of 9-LOX-derived oxylipins in insect resistance remain un-clear. Here, we report a novel anti-herbivory mechanism mediated by a tonoplast-localized 9-LOX, ZmLOX5, and its linolenic acid-derived product, 9-hydroxy-10-oxo-12(Z),15(Z)-octadecadienoic acid (9,10-KODA). Transposon-insertional disruption of ZmLOX5 resulted in the loss of resistance to insect her-bivory. lox5 knockout mutants displayed greatly reduced wound-induced accumulation of multiple oxyli-pins and defense metabolites, including benzoxazinoids, abscisic acid (ABA), and JA-isoleucine (JA-Ile). However, exogenous JA-Ile failed to rescue insect defense in lox5 mutants, while applications of 1 mM 9,10-KODA or the JA precursor, 12-oxo-phytodienoic acid (12-OPDA), restored wild-type resistance levels. Metabolite profiling revealed that exogenous 9,10-KODA primed the plants for increased production of ABA and 12-OPDA, but not JA-Ile. While none of the 9-oxylipins were able to rescue JA-Ile induction, the lox5 mutant accumulated lower wound-induced levels of Ca2+, suggesting this as a potential explanation for lower wound-induced JA. Seedlings pretreated with 9,10-KODA exhibited rapid or more robust wound -induced defense gene expression. In addition, an artificial diet supplemented with 9,10-KODA arrested fall armyworm larvae growth. Finally, analysis of single and double lox5 and lox10 mutants showed that ZmLOX5 also contributed to insect defense by modulating ZmLOX10-mediated green leaf volatile signaling. Collectively, our study uncovered a previously unknown anti-herbivore defense and hormone -like signaling activity for a major 9-oxylipin a-ketol.
Vitamin D Supplementation and Reduced Risk of Preeclampsia in Nulliparous Women; Background: A recent study showed that nulliparous women who develop preeclampsia had low concentrations of vitamin D in serum sampled in midpregnancy. The aim of the present study was to estimate the association between intake of vitamin D during pregnancy and the risk of preeclampsia in 23,423 nulliparous pregnant women taking part in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study.
Nutrients and Bioactive Compounds in Seafood: Quantitative Literature Research Analysis; This perspective presents current and updated advances in research on nutrients and bioactive compounds in seafood. It is based on a literature quantitative research analysis approach. The main features of seafood components are introduced. This perspective aims at providing a current framework that relates nutrients, bioactive compounds, and seafood in a novel integrated and multidisciplinary manner, highlighting the current knowledge, the main research lines, and emerging strategies. The literature search was carried out by means of the Scopus database, and 22,542 documents were retrieved in the period from 1932 to 2024. Particularly, from the perspective of nutrition and health outputs, the main terms correlated with research on the relationship between seafood and nutritional and bioactive components, and the main existing research lines focused on this topic, were identified. The top recurring keywords were human/s, female, diet, nutrition, fish, male, adult, food intake.
Folate fortification of food: Insufficient for women with epilepsy; Objective: Folic acid supplementation during the periconceptual period has been shown to improve cognitive outcomes in children of women with epilepsy taking anti-seizure medications (ASMs). The dose of folic acid necessary to provide positive cognitive outcomes is unclear. In many countries including the United States, food is fortified with folic acid, but no data exist on how food fortification may affect cognition in children with fetal-ASM exposure. This study evaluated the effect of dietary folate from natural folates plus folic acid fortification, separate from folic acid vitamin supplements, on age-6 year IQ in children with fetal-ASM exposure.
<i>Rhizoma Amorphophalli</i> inhibits TNBC cell proliferation, migration, invasion and metastasis through the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) often presents with a high histological grade and high malignancy, which greatly contribute to patient morbidity and mortality. Rhizoma Amorphophalli exhibits many biological and pharmacological activities, but its potential as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of metastatic TNBC patients remains poorly understood.
Antioxidant tempol suppresses heart cytosolic phospholipase A<sub>2</sub>α stimulated by chronic intermittent hypoxia; Adaptation to chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH) is associated with reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation implicated in the improved cardiac tolerance against acute ischemia-reperfusion injury. Phospholipases A2 (PLA2s) play an important role in cardiomyocyte phospholipid metabolism influencing membrane homeostasis. Here we aimed to determine the effect of CIH (7000 m, 8 h/day, 5 weeks) on the expression of cytosolic PLA(2) (cPLA(2)alpha), its phosphorylated form (p-cPLA(2)alpha), calcium-independent (iPLA2), and secretory (sPLA2IIA) at protein and mRNA levels, as well as fatty acids (FA) profile in left ventricular myocardium of adult male Wistar rats. Chronic administration of antioxidant tempol was used to verify the ROS involvement in CIH effect on PLA2s expression and phospholipid FA remodeling. While CIH did not affect PLA2s mRNA levels, it increased the total cPLA(2)alpha protein in cytosol and membranes (by 191% and 38%, respectively) and p-cPLA(2)alpha (by 23%) in membranes. Onthe contrary, both iPLA2 and sPLA2IIA were downregulated by CIH. CIH further decreased phospholipid n-6 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) and increased n-3 PUFA proportion. Tempol treatment prevented only CIH-induced cPLA(2)alpha up-regulation and its phosphorylation on Ser505. Our results show that CIH diversely affect myocardial PLA2s and suggest that ROS are responsible for the activation of cPLA(2)alpha under these conditions.
Comparative localization of cystathionine beta synthases and cystathionine gamma lyase in canine, non-human primate and human retina; Chronic exposure of the retina to light and high concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acid in photoreceptor cells make this tissue susceptible to oxidative damage. As retinal degenerative diseases are associated with photoreceptor degeneration, the antioxidant activity of both hydrogen sulfide (H2S) and glutathione (GSH) may play an important role in ameliorating disease progression. H2S production is driven by cystathionine-gamma-lyase (CSE) and cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS), the key enzymes that also drive transsulfuration pathway (TSP) necessary for GSH production. As it is currently unclear whether localized production of either H2S or GSH contributes to retinal homeostasis, we undertook a comparative analysis of CBS and CSE expression in canine, non-human primate (NHP) and human retinas to determine if these antioxidants could play a regulatory role in age-related or disease-associated retinal degeneration. Retinas from normal dogs, NHPs and humans were used for the study. Laser capture microdissection (LCM) was performed to isolate individual layers of the canine retina and analyze CBS and CSE gene expression by qRT-PCR. Immunohistochemistry and western blotting were performed for CBS and CSE labeling and protein expression in dog, NHP, and human retina, respectively. Using qRT-PCR, western blot, and immunohistochemistry (IHC), we showed that CBS and CSE are expressed in the canine, NHP, and human retina. IHC results from canine retina demonstrated increased expression levels of CBS but not CSE with post-developmental aging. IHC results also showed non-overlapping localization of both proteins with CBS presenting in rods, amacrine, horizontal, and nerve fiber cell layers while CSE was expressed by RPE, cones and Muller cells. Finally, we demonstrated that these enzymes localized to all three layers of canine, NHP and human retina: photoreceptors, outer plexiform layer (OPL) and notably in the ganglion cells layer/nerve fiber layer (GCL/NFL). QRT-PCR performed using RNA extracted from tissues isolated from these cell layers using laser capture microdissection (LCM) confirmed that each of CBS and CSE are expressed equally in these three layers. Together, these findings reveal that CSE and CBS are expressed in the retina, thereby supporting further studies to determine the role of H2S and these proteins in oxidative stress and apoptosis in retinal degenerative diseases.
An evaluation of the safety and efficacy of an anti-inflammatory, pulmonary enteral formula in the treatment of pediatric burn patients with respiratory failure; Respiratory failure is associated with a high mortality rate in burned children. Recently, a specialized pulmonary enteral formula (SPEF) was commercially introduced as an adjunct intervention in acute lung injury management. SPEF contains condition-specific nutrients to modulate the inflammatory response. The study examined SPEF impact in critically ill, pediatric burn patients with respiratory failure. Medical records of acute burn patients admitted December 1997 to October 2006 were reviewed for SPEF treatment. Respiratory and renal indices were compared on the first and final days of SPEF use. Nineteen patients with respiratory failure received SPEF for a mean of 10.8 +/- 0.9 days during their acute burn course. Mean age was 5.3 +/- 1.5 years. Mean total body surface area burn was 44.3 +/- 5.4% with 32.5 +/- 6.4% full thickness. Patients were admitted 2.3 +/- 0.9 days postburn. Significant improvements in peak pressure, PEEP, FiO(2), P:F ratio, PCO2, PO2, and ETCO2 were noted. Seventeen of the 19 patients survived despite the fact that 9 of the 19 patients developed severe barotrauma requiring multiple tube thoracotomies, and all 19 had extremely poor prognoses at SPEF initiation. Adult SPEF formula for critically ill, pediatric burn patients with respiratory failure is safe and well tolerated. SPEF seems to facilitate recovery from acute lung injury as evidenced by improvements in oxygenation and pulmonary compliance.
CONTROL OF PAINTED LADY CATERPILLARS, VANESSA-CARDUI L (LEP, NYMPHALIDAE), ON BORAGE BY BACILLUS-THURINGIENSIS VAR KURSTAKI; In the summer of 1991 in the Saskatoon and surrounding area, borage (Borago officinalis), a speciality crop of Saskatchewan, was found heavily infested by Painted Lady caterpillar, Vanessa cardui L. Laboratory and field trials with Bacillus thuringiensis var. kurstaki Berliner (Btk; Dipel wettable powder) at 0.625 g/l showed efficacy against different developmental stages of Painted Lady caterpillars. Treatment effects were assessed in terms of arrested feeding of the larvae, survival of caterpillars of different size cohorts (I, II, III according to size distribution), pupae and adult emergence. Efficacy against caterpillars was assessed using four methods of treatment: 1. individual or; 2. a group of caterpillars in the laboratory; .3. caterpillars in the field contained with a mesh enclosure; ana 4. field plot treatment. In laboratory bioassays with borage leaf discs or while plants treated with Btk, the mortality of the smallest (< 1.25 cm, I) caterpillars was higher than that of II (< 2 cm) or III (> 2 cm) caterpillars. Whereas untreated borage leaf discs fed to caterpillars were usually totally consumed within 2-4 h, 95 % Btk-treated discs were left uneaten even after 24 h. No adult emergence was observed from the pupae collected from caterpillars which were fed Btk-treated discs. Field application of Btk on borage resulted in a 4 to 8.5-fold decline in the Painted Lady caterpillar population from 8 to 15 days post treatment. As borage plant seeds are a rich source for gamma-linolenic acid which is used therapeutically for treatment of essential fatty acid deficiency in humans, it cannot be sprayed with chemical-pesticides when fully blossomed. We therefore conclude that the use of Btk offers an acceptable, effective non-chemical method to control Painted Lady caterpillar.
Nontargeted Metabolite Profiling in Compatible Pathogen-Inoculated Tobacco (<i>Nicotiana tabacum</i> L. cv. Wisconsin 38) Using UPLC-Q-TOF/MS; A biphasic reactive oxygen species (ROS) production has previously been observed in tobacco at I and 48 h after inoculation with the hemibiotrophic compatible pathogen, Phytophthora parasitica var. nicotianae (Ppn). To characterize the response of tobacco to biphasically produced ROS concerning the propagation of Ppn, ultraperformance liquid chromatography-quadrupole-time of flight/ mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF/MS) based metabolic profiling combined with multivariate statistical analysis was performed. Among the nonredundant 355 mass ions in ESI+ mode and 345 mass ions in ESI- mode that were selected as significantly changed by Ppn inoculation (vertical bar p(corr)vertical bar > 0.6 on S-plot of orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA), fold-change > 2, and p < 0.05 in the independent two-sample t test), 76 mass ions were identified on the basis of their accurate mass ions and MS/MS spectra. Phenolic amino acids, phenylpropanoids, hydroxycinnamic acid amides, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, lysophospholipids, glycoglycerolipids, and trioxidized phospholipids were identified as having changed after Ppn inoculation. On the basis of their quantitative changes, the metabolic responses occurring at each phase of ROS production after Ppn inoculation were investigated in this study.
Fatty acid composition, acute toxicity and anti-inflammatory activity of the n-hexane extract from <i>Ranunculus macrophyllus</i> Desf. roots; Ranunculus macrophyllus Desf. is a multipurpose edible medicinal plant, whose roots are used to treat feminine infertility and to increase weight. The aim of this work was to study for the first time the acute toxicity and anti-inflammatory activity of their n-hexane extract. Gas chromatography was used to study the chemical composition of the extract, while xylene induced ear edema was used to assess its anti-inflammatory activity. In silico methods were used to determine the possible anti-inflammatory mechanism of action and pharmacokinetic behavior of the major compounds. Gas chromatographic analysis led to identification of 19 fatty acids, including linoleic, a-linolenic and palmitic acids as major compounds. The n-hexane extract did not induce any visible signs of toxicity or mortality to mice at 2000 mg/kg body weight, and successfully inhibited the xylene induced ear inflammation (67% at 200 mg/kg). This activity may be attributed to linoleic and a-linolenic acids that were found to be potent inhibitors of cyclooxygenase 2 and phospholipase A2 in the in silico study. The n-hexane extract exhibited strong anti-inflammatory activity with no acute toxicity, which opens the doors for the use of R. macrophyllus roots and their n-hexane extract in food, nutraceutical and pharmaceutical industries.
Short-term insulin therapy and normoglycemia - Effects on erythrocyte lipid peroxidation in NIDDM patients; OBJECTIVE - To evaluate erythrocyte lipid peroxidation (LPO) before and after an adaptive short-term insulin therapy in NIDDM patients who were chronically hyperglycemic.
The phospholipid fraction obtained from egg yolk reduces blood pressure increase induced by acute stress in spontaneously hypertensive rats; Background. Despite continuous research, an improved understanding of the pathophysiology of hypertension and the development of new antihypertensive therapies, hypertension is still the most prevalent chronic cardiovascular disease (CVD) among adults in Western societies. Stress is a common factor related to cardiovascular morbidity. An increase in blood pressure is one of the most common reactions to stress. Chronic and acute stress have also been related to cardiovascular disorders. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have attracted considerable interest as potential complementary therapy for the treatment of CVD, including hypertension. Egg yolk, rich in PUFAs and phospholipids, might be a good source of phospholipids and PUFAs.
Effect of soy oil supplementation and protein level in laying hen diets on praecaecal nutrient digestibility, performance, reproductive performance, fatty acid composition of yolk fat, and on other egg quality parameters; An experiment was carried out with laying hens in the age of 22-45 weeks to examine the effects of added soy oil (0%, 3.5%, 7%, 10.5%, and 14%) and dietary protein level (13.2% and 16.3%) on laying and reproductive performance, fatty acid composition of yolk fat, and other egg quality parameters. Moreover, digestibility of nutrients and of energy was determined by using a marker technique. Laying intensity and feed intake were not influenced by dietary treatments whereas egg weight and daily egg mass production were significantly improved by soy oil addition in a non-linear related manner. The feed conversion ratio reached a minimum at soy oil proportions between 3.5% and 10.5%. Reproductive performance in terms of fertilized eggs, hatchability, and mortality of chicks was not affected by dietary treatments. The increase of egg weights due to soy oil addition was accompanied by a simultaneous increase in the proportion of albumen and a decrease of yolk and shell percentage. Palmitic acid (C16:0) and oleic acid (C18:1) proportions in yolk fat decreased as soy oil addition was increased whereas the proportions of linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6), linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6 n-3) were increased at the same time. Praecaecal digestibility of crude fat and fatty acids of the diets were non-linearly improved by soy oil addition. Digestibility of crude protein and amino acids were not affected by either protein content of the diet or by soy oil supplementation.
Difference in fatty acid composition and related nutritional indices of meat between two lines of slow-growing chickens slaughtered at different ages; The fatty acid profile and the related indices of the nutritional quality of breast and thigh muscles were studied in two lines of chickens - La Belle (LB) and White Plymouth Rock (WPR) - slaughtered at the age of 9 and 18 weeks. The fatty acid profile was more affected by the age than the line of the birds; however, the influence of both differed between the breast and thigh. The content of total saturated fatty acids (SFAs) increased in the thigh (P < 0.01), while that of the monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) decreased with age in both muscles (P < 0.001). This corresponded to the significant decrease in C18:1 in the older chickens and the lower desaturase activity (P < 0.001). The contents of C20:4n-6, C22:5n-3 and C22:6n-3 and the total amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in breast were higher (P < 0.001) at the age of 18 weeks. A similar pattern in the individual and total PUFA was observed in the thighs. The effect of line was more visible in the breast, leading to a lower C14:0 content and C20:5n-3 and a higher C18:0 content in the WPR chickens (P < 0.001), corresponding to the higher elongase and thioesterase indices in these birds. Both atherogenic (AI) and thrombogenic (TI) indices were lowered, while the ratio of hypocholesterolemic / hypercholesterolemic fatty acids (h / H) and polyunsaturated / saturated fatty acids (P / S) increased in the breast of the birds at 18 weeks. In breast and thigh meat, the ratio of n-6 = n-3 PUFA decreased in the older chickens (P < 0.001).
Hyperhomocysteinemia as a Risk Factor for Vascular Contributions to Cognitive Impairment and Dementia; Behind only Alzheimer's disease, vascular contributions to cognitive impairment and dementia (VCID) is the second most common cause of dementia, affecting roughly 10-40% of dementia patients. While there is no cure for VCID, several risk factors for VCID, such as diabetes, hypertension, and stroke, have been identified. Elevated plasma levels of homocysteine, termed hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy), are a major, yet underrecognized, risk factor for VCID. B vitamin deficiency, which is the most common cause of HHcy, is common in the elderly. With B vitamin supplementation being a relatively safe and inexpensive therapeutic, the treatment of HHcy-induced VCID would seem straightforward; however, preclinical and clinical data shows it is not. Clinical trials using B vitamin supplementation have shown conflicting results about the benefits of lowering homocysteine and issues have arisen over proper study design within the trials. Studies using cell culture and animal models have proposed several mechanisms for homocysteine-induced cognitive decline, providing other targets for therapeutics. For this review, we will focus on HHcy as a risk factor for VCID, specifically, the different mechanisms proposed for homocysteine-induced cognitive decline and the clinical trials aimed at lowering plasma homocysteine.
Determination of neuroprotective effects of medium chain fatty acids and their derivatives on mutant huntingtin aggregates, oxidative stress and ATP levels in HD150Q cell line model of Huntington's disease; Huntington's disease (HD) is a rare autosomal dominant genetic disorder resulting from expansion of polymorphic CAG repeats in the exon 1 of huntingtin gene that translates into elongated polyglutamine (ployQ) tract in huntingtin protein (HTT).PolyQ expansion alters HTT structure resulting in abnormal protein-protein interactions, aggregation, mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress, inflammation and altered gene expression leading to neuronal cell death.HD symptoms involves chorea, dementia, behavioural and psychological problems and currently there is no cure highlighting the need for novel therapeutic interventions. Several fatty acids have been reported to have protective effects in neurological disorders including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and epilepsy. However, their effects in HD is largely unexplored. Neurodegenerative diseases share several common pathways and thus it is likely that a combination of selected fatty acids show neuroprotective effects in HD. This study utilized a cell line model of HD expressing inducible mutant huntingtin fragment with 150 polyQ repeats (HD150Q) to investigate neuroprotective effects of two medium chain fatty acids and one triglyceride. Significant reduction in mutant HTT aggregates and mitochondrial oxidative stress and restoration of ATP levels was observed upon treatment with Decanoic acid, 2-butyloctanoic acid, and Glyceryl triacetate. Encouraging results in the cell line model opens avenues for investigating the underlying molecular mechanisms and validation in the animal models.
Biomarkers of food intake and their relevance to metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) constitutes a prevalent risk factor associated with non communicable diseases such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. A major factor impacting the etiology of MetS is diet. Dietary patterns and several individual food constituents have been related to the risk of developing MetS or have been proposed as adjuvant treatment. However, traditional methods of dietary assessment such as 24 h recalls rely greatly on intensive user-interaction and are subject to bias. Hence, more objective methods are required for unbiased dietary assessment and efficient prevention. While it is accepted that some dietary-derived constituents in blood plasma are indicators for certain dietary patterns, these may be too unstable (such as vitamin C as a marker for fruits/vegetables) or too broad (e.g. polyphenols for plant-based diets) or reflect too short-term intake only to allow for strong associations with prolonged intake of individual food groups. In the present manuscript, commonly employed biomarkers of intake including those related to specific food items (e.g. genistein for soybean or astaxanthin and EPA for fish intake) and novel emerging ones (e.g. stable isotopes for meat intake or microRNA for plant foods) are emphasized and their suitability as biomarker for food intake discussed. Promising alternatives to plasma measures (e.g. ethyl glucuronide in hair for ethanol intake) are also emphasized. As many biomarkers (i.e. secondary plant metabolites) are not limited to dietary assessment but are also capable of regulating e.g. anti-inflammatory and antioxidant pathways, special attention will be given to biomarkers presenting a double function to assess both dietary patterns and MetS risk.
Importance of plant sources of magnesium for human health; Based on established dietary reference intakes (DRIs) (e.g. estimated average requirements, recommended dietary allowances (RDAs), and reference nutrient intakes), magnesium (Mg) deficiency in the range 50-99% of the requirement commonly occurs throughout the world. Yet, Mg is not often considered a major nutrient of concern for health and wellbeing, although deficient intakes and serum concentrations have been associated with numerous pathological conditions including atherosclerosis, diabetes, osteoporosis and some cancers. Probable reasons for this dichotomy are that evidence of Mg deficiency is not consistently found in pathological conditions with which it has been associated, and not all individuals considered Mg-deficient consistently exhibit these pathological conditions. These inconsistencies could be the outcome of chronic inflammatory stress exacerbated or induced by Mg deficiency being alleviated or prevented by other factors that have anti-inflammatory action (e.g. long-chain n-3 fatty acids). Questionable DRIs resulting in the incorrect conclusion that individuals are Mg-deficient when they are not also may be responsible for the inconsistencies. Since 1997, improved balance data have been reported for the determination of DRIs, which suggest that the RDA for a 70-kg healthy adult would be similar to 250 mg day(-1). Based on the finding that neutral Mg balance was determined to be 2.36 mg day(-1) kg(-1) bodyweight, the RDA would vary by bodyweight. Even with changed DRIs, a significant number of adults who do not eat recommended amounts of foods of plant origin would not achieve the suggested adequate intake of Mg. Foods of plant origin, including green vegetables, nuts, pulses and whole grains, are good sources of Mg. However, Mg in these foods can be influenced by the availability of Mg to plants from the soil, and plant genotype. Thus, crop breeding and cultural practices, through modifying the amount of Mg in plant-origin foods, can have a significant impact on achieving an adequate dietary intake of Mg for health.
Effects of Rearing Systems on Performance, Egg Characteristics and Immune Response in Two Layer Hen Genotype; White (Lohmann LSL) and Brown (ATAK-S) laying hens, were reared under organic and conventional cage rearing systems, and the effects of the rearing system on performance parameters, egg production, egg characteristics, and immune response were investigated. For this purpose, a total of 832 laying hens of two commercial hybrids, i.e., 416 white (Lohmann LSL) and 416 Brown (ATAK-S) layers, were used. The experiment lasted between 23 and 70 wk of age. In this study, the white layers yielded more eggs as compared to the brown layers in both organic and conventional production systems. Egg weight exhibited a similar pattern to that of laying performance. However, the total hen-housed egg number for the white birds in the organic system was fewer than that of white birds in the conventional cage facility; conversely, a contradictory tendency was observed for the brown birds. Livability of the white layers in the organic system was remarkably lower (14%) than that of the brown line, whereas the white line survived better (3.42%) than their brown counterparts in conventional cages. The feed conversion ratio of the white hens was markedly inferior in the organic system as compared to that of the white hens in the conventional system, whereas relatively lower deterioration was reported in brown layers when reared in an organic system. The organic production system increased egg albumen height and the Haugh unit in eggs of the brown layers. The yolk color score of organic eggs was lower than that of conventional eggs for both brown and white hens. The egg yolk ratio of eggs from white layers was found to be higher in organic eggs as compared to those obtained in the conventional system. All organic eggs had heavier shells than those produced in the conventional system. Eggs from brown layers had more protein content than eggs from white layers. Neither housing systems nor genotype influenced egg yolk cholesterol concentration. When compared to conventional eggs, n-3 fatty acid content was lower in organic eggs, and the n-6:n-3 ratio was higher in organic eggs. In conclusion, two hen genotypes showed different responses in terms of performance and egg quality to two different rearing systems. A commercial white strain produced more eggs with higher egg quality as compared to a native brown strain. The brown strain was found to have adapted well to organic production conditions when survival and total egg number was taken into consideration.
The effects of spatial and temporal ecological variation on fatty acid compositions of wild great tits <i>Parus major</i>; In birds, fatty acids (FA) have three main functions; they are structural components of cell membranes, metabolic fuel, and inflammatory molecules. Environmental factors, such as diet and ambient temperature, affect FA composition, thereby function and ultimately fitness. Thus, variation in FA compositions can be the underlying mechanism for varying performance of birds in different habitats. Here we examine variation in plasma FA composition in nestling and adult great tits Parus major, between 1) deciduous and coniferous, and 2) sun-exposed and shaded habitats. The main results revealed that nestlings had a higher proportion of -linolenic acid (-LNA) in deciduous habitats and arachidonic acid in coniferous habitats. This reflects a difference in caterpillar availability between habitats with the deciduous habitat being caterpillar-rich, whereas the coniferous habitats are rich in spiders. In addition, -LNA increased with nestling body condition in the coniferous habitat, supporting the importance of caterpillars for fledging success in this species. In line with dietary intake, the proportion of the essential -LNA and linoleic acid (LA) increased over the course of the day for all birds. In the deciduous habitat, adult females showed a positive association between LA and body condition. Furthermore, habitat sun-exposure showed significant interactions with body condition for polyunsaturated FAs in nestlings, and with saturated FA in adult males, which is in accordance with the homeoviscous hypothesis stating that the proportion of saturated FA should decrease with decreasing ambient temperature. Taken together, small-scale heterogeneity in habitat structure significantly influences FA compositions of great tits. Many of the results can be linked to dietary, and possibly, ambient temperature differences between habitats. These habitat effects on FA compositions can lead to different capacities of individual birds to deal with infections and low temperatures, two stressors that cause major mortality among wild birds.
Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 and risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease among US women and men: prospective study; OBJECTIVE
Antioxidant Micronutrients and Essential Fatty Acids Supplementation on Cystic Fibrosis Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Background Antioxidant micronutrients and essential fatty acids supplementation intake appears to have a protective effect in some diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, and asthma.
Secondary Analyses of the Effects of Lutein/Zeaxanthin on Age-Related Macular Degeneration Progression AREDS2 Report No. 3; IMPORTANCE The Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS) formulation for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) contains vitamin C, vitamin E, beta carotene, and zinc with copper. The Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2) assessed the value of substituting lutein/zeaxanthin in the AREDS formulation because of the demonstrated risk for lung cancer from beta carotene in smokers and former smokers and because lutein and zeaxanthin are important components in the retina.
Fish Oil Supplements Lower Serum Lipids and Glucose in Correlation with a Reduction in Plasma Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 and Prostaglandin E2 in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Associated with Hyperlipidemia: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Fish oil has been used effectively in the treatment of cardiovascular disease via triglyceride reduction and inflammation modulation. This study aimed to assess the effects of fish oil on patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) associated with hyperlipidemia. Eighty participants with NAFLD associated with hyperlipidemia were randomly assigned to consume fish oil (n=40, 4 g/d) or corn oil capsules (n=40, 4 g/d) for 3 months in a double-blind, randomized clinical trial. Blood levels of lipids, glucose and insulin, liver enzymes, kidney parameters and cytokines at baseline and the end of the study were measured. Seventy people finished the trial. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid significantly increased in the fish oil group after intervention. After adjustment for age, gender and BMI, fish oil significantly decreased fasting serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglyceride, apolipoprotein B and glucose (by (mean +/- SD) 0.49 +/- 0.43 mmol/L, 0.58 +/- 0.89 mmol/L, 0.28 +/- 0.33 g/L and 0.76 +/- 0.56 mmol/L, respectively, P<0.05), as well as alanine aminotransferase and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase levels (by (median (interquartile)) 9.0(0.5, 21.5) and 7.0(2.2, 20.0) IU/L, respectively, P<0.05), significantly increased serum adiponectin levels (by 1.29 +/- 0.62 mu g/mL, P<0.001), and reduced serum levels of tumor necrosis factor a, leukotrienes B4, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), cytokeratin 18 fragment M30 and prostaglandin E2 (by 1.70 +/- 1.18 pg/mL, 0.59 +/- 0.28 ng/mL, 121 +/- 31 pg/mL, 83 +/- 60 IU/L and 10.9 +/- 2.3 pg/mL, respectively, P<0.001). Corn oil had no effect except for increasing serum creatinine concentrations by 7.7 +/- 8.9 mu mol/L (P=0.008). The effects of fish oil on lipids, glucose and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase were positively correlated with the reductions of serum FGF21 and prostaglandin E2 concentrations after adjustment for age, gender and BMI (r=0.275 to 0.360 and 0.261 to 0.375, respectively, P<0.05). In conclusion, our findings suggest that fish oil can benefit metabolic abnormalities associated with NAFLD treatment.
Extract of <i>Zanthoxylum bungeanum</i> Maxim Seed Oil Reduces Hyperlipidemia in Hamsters Fed High-Fat Diet via Activation of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Υ; Purpose: To investigate the anti-hyperlipidaemic effect of extract of Zanthoxylum bungeanum Maxim. seed oil (EZSO) on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemic hamsters.
Impact of functional foods and nutraceuticals on high blood pressure with a special focus on meta-analysis: review from a public health perspective; In recent times many researchers are expressing immense interest in nutraceuticals and functional foods for combating various diseases or abnormal conditions, especially against hypertension (HT). Persistent HT is medically referred to as chronic high blood pressure (BP) and considered to be one of the major risk factors for the deadliest diseases including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and cerebrovascular diseases. Hence HT poses a serious socio-economic burden worldwide, particularly to developing countries. The current treatment strategy for HT includes standard anti-hypertensive drugs, which are associated with many adverse effects and lower drug adherence rates. Therefore, an alternative or complementary natural therapy (functional foods or nutraceuticals or dietary supplements) would be the alternate choice along with a modified lifestyle pattern that might help to manage or combat HT and its related complications. During this review, the author would like to shed light on the basic science behind HT including pathophysiology and the impact of dietary salt on HT and the impact of various functional foods or nutraceuticals against HT in humans (meta-analysis and systemic review). This contribution gives a better idea (public health perspective) for choosing the best functional foods/nutraceuticals for the prevention, management or delaying the onset of HT and its associated conditions along with modified lifestyle patterns and standard anti-hypertensive drugs.
Repurposing Combination Therapy of Voacamine With Vincristine for Downregulation of Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1α/Fatty Acid Synthase Co-axis and Prolyl Hydroxylase-2 Activation in ER plus Mammary Neoplasia; The current study investigated the role of combination therapy with voacamine and vincristine in preventing mammary gland carcinoma through prolyl hydroxylase-2 activation. Prolyl hydroxylase-2 activation leads to the downregulation of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and fatty acid synthase. Overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and fatty acid synthase has been previously reported in solid tumors of the mammary gland. After screening a battery of natural compounds similar to vincristine, voacamine was selected as a possible prolyl hydroxylase-2 activator, and its activity was evaluated using a 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene-induced rat model. The combination therapy was evaluated for cardiac toxicity using a hemodynamic profile. Angiogenic markers were evaluated by carmine staining. Monotherapy and combination therapy were also evaluated for liver and kidney toxicity using hematoxylin and eosin staining. The antioxidant potential was delineated using oxidative stress markers. The serum metabolomic profile was studied using NMR spectroscopy, and the disruption of fatty acids was evaluated using gas chromatography. Western blotting of proteins involved in hypoxic pathways was performed to decipher the action of therapy at the molecular level. Immunoblotting analysis validated that combination therapy has potential toss with prolyl hydroxylase-2 activity and thus initiates proteolytic degradation of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and its consequent effects. Combination therapy also stimulated programmed cell death (apoptosis) in rapidly dividing cancer cells. The present study explored the role of voacamine inactivation of prolyl hydroxylase-2, which can decrease the overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and fatty acid synthase in mammary gland carcinoma cells.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and membrane organization: elucidating mechanisms to balance immunotherapy and susceptibility to infection; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), notably of the n-3 series, have immunosuppressive effects which make these molecules candidates for treating inflammatory symptoms associated with cardiovascular disease, obesity, arthritis, and asthma. However, immunosuppression by PUFAs could increase susceptibility to bacterial and viral infection. A detailed molecular picture is required in order to understand the balance between the benefits and risks of utilizing PUFAs as adjuvant immunosuppressants. Here we review evidence that incorporation of PUFAs into membrane lipids of antigen presenting cells (APCs) downregulates APC function. We propose that PUFAs modulate antigen presentation by altering the organization of lipid and protein molecules of the plasma membrane and endomembranes; this alters recognition and responses by T cells. The foundation of our hypothesis is built on data from artificial bilayer experiments which provide the physical principles by which PUFA acyl chains affect membrane architecture. This review also reconciles conflicting results in the literature by discussing the advantages and disadvantages of differing methods of PUFA treatment of cells. We suggest that membrane modulation of immune cells may be an important and overlooked mechanism of immunomodulation. In addition, we propose that mechanistic studies with defined experimental protocols will speed the translation of laboratory studies on PUFAs to the clinic. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved
Antioxidative levels in two nutritional population groups; Plasma profile of polyunsaturated fatty acids, conjugated dienes of fatty acids (CD) in plasma, levels of vitamins C, E, A and beta-carotene, as well as plasma levels of trace elements (selenium, zinc, copper) were estimated in a group of 162 healthy lacto-vegetarians and lacto-ovo-vegetarians (non-smokers, aged 30-63 years, average period of vegetarianism was 5 years). When compared to omnivores (n = 159, average sample of non-smokers of the same age range from the same geographic region as the vegetarians), a significantly higher content of linoleic acid C 18:2 and linolenic acid C 18:3 was found in vegetarians. Plasma level of the first product of lipoperoxidation (CD) was significantly reduced in vegetarians compared to omnivores. Levels of essential antioxidative vitamins in plasma were significantly higher in vegetarians (vitamin C, beta-carotene, vitamin A, vitamin E/cholesterol-indicating more effective protection of LDL against oxidation, vitamin E/triacylglycerols and 2.27-fold pronounced the positive linear correlation between vitamin E/triacylglycerols and plasma C 18:2 content-indicating higher protective effect against peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids). Beneficial antioxidative values were complemented by elevated level of selenium as well as copper and zinc values equivalent to omnivores. These results support the positive effect of vegetarianism on the regulation of prooxidative processes. This nutritional habit can thus contribute to reduced risk of free radical diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular diseases.
Gut microbial and metabolic characterization of Atlantic salmon<i> (Salmon</i> salar) challenged with Aeromonas salmonicida; The bacterium Aeromonas salmonicida (A. salmonicida) is a pathogen that causes high mortality of Atlantic salmon (Salmon salar), which results in great economic losses to the aquaculture industry in various countries. In this study, Atlantic salmon were exposed to low (LI) and high concentration A. salmonicida bacterial suspension by intraperitoneal injection for 48 h. The results of 16S rRNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics showed that A. salmonicida exposure changed the structure and metabolomics of the gut microbiota in Atlantic salmon. Compared with the control group, the relative abundance of Romboutsia, Blautia, Agathobacter, Parasutterella, Fusicatenibacter, Butyricicoccus, Dongia, Clostridium sensu stricto 1, and Bacteroides significantly increased in infection groups, and these changes were closely related to some differential metabolites identified by metab-olome analysis. In infection groups, we found that taurocholic acid, taurochenodeoxycholic acid, 7-ketolitho-cholic acid were significantly up-regulation, and significant down-regulation of Vitamin C, vitamin A, indirubin, and hexanoic acid. These differential metabolites are mainly involved in bile secretion, biosynthesis of antibiotics, inflammatory mediator regulation of transient receptor potential channels, tryptophan metabolism, vitamin digestion and absorption, and the ornithine cycle. Our analysis of the connection between the gut microbiota and metabolism confirmed that the gut microbiota may affect Atlantic salmon resist infection by A. salmonicida by regulating metabolism.
Hypolipidemic Effect of Hemp Seed Oil from the Northern Morocco Endemic Beldiya Ecotype in a Mice Model: Comparison with Fenofibrate Hypolipidemic Drugs; Introduction. Cannabis sativa is a source of oil seeds for pharmaceutical, cosmetic, and food uses. Objective. The aim of this study is to evaluate the hypolipidemic effect of hemp seed oil (HSO) obtained from a local ecotype called "Beldiya." Methods. The extraction of HSO was carried out by cold press method. Then, the fatty acid and tocopherol composition was analyzed, respectively, by GC-FID and HPLC. The hypolipidemic activity of HSO at a dose of 3.5 and 7 mg/kg body weight was evaluated in Triton WR-1339-induced hyperlipidemic mice by measuring plasma cholesterol (total lipid, HDL, and LDL), plasma triglycerides, and atherogenic index using enzymatic methods. Fenofibrate was used as a standard hypolipidemic drug at a dose of 3.5 mg/kg body weight. Results. Analyzed HSO shows a high unsaturated fatty acids' content with the dominance of linoleic acid (48.85%), oleic acid (21.82%), as well as alpha- and gamma-linolenic acid (14.72%). The result demonstrates that this typical vegetable oil contains a high concentration of gamma-tocopherol (456 mg center dot kg(-1) oil). Furthermore, the administration of HSO decreases plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL-cholesterol while increases HDL-cholesterol. Consequently, the HSO reduces the atherogenic index and LDL/HDL ratio. The hypolipidemic effect of fenofibrate is relatively more marked comparatively to that of HSO especially concerning total cholesterol and its LDL fraction. Conclusions. The local ecotype HSO has an interesting effect on plasma lipid parameters and might be beneficial for the treatment of hyperlipidemia and prevention of atherosclerosis.
Effects of flaxseed supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Several studies reported the benefits of flaxseed on inflammatory biomarkers, while others reported conflicting findings. Thus, the aim of this meta alpha nalysis was to assess the impacts of flaxseed on inflammatory biomarkers in adults. Databases including Embase, PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences were searched till February 2024. The 54 RCTs were included in the final analysis, which involved 3000 individuals from 12 countries. Overall, the flaxseed supplementation had a significant reduction in C-reactive protein (CRP) (SMD =-0.46; 95 a/o CI:-0.70,-0.23, P < 0.001; I-2 = 82.9 a/o, P < 0.001), and interleukin 6 (IL-6) (SMD =-0.64, 95 a/o CI:-1.13,-0.16, P = 0.010; I-2 = 92.7, P < 0.001). Furthermore, flaxseed did not significantly change the concentration of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF- alpha) (SMD =-0.17; 95 a/o CI:-0.63, 0.29, P = 0.467; I-2 = 92, P < 0.001). Flaxseed supplementation significantly decreased serum concentrations of CRP and IL-6, but not TNF alpha. Thus, this meta-analysis suggests that the current evidence supports the potential benefits of flaxseed in managing inflammatory conditions.
Persistence of hepatic fibrosis in pediatric intestinal failure patients treated with intravenous fish oil lipid emulsion; Background: Pediatric intestinal failure (PIF) is a life-altering chronic condition with significant morbidity and mortality. Omegaven (R) therapy has been used to treat children with advanced intestinal failure associated liver disease. Our objective was to determine the evolution of hepatic fibrosis in PIF patients who received Omegaven (R) and describe their clinical outcome.
Antarctic red macroalgae: a source of polyunsaturated fatty acids; The n-3 and n-6 series of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are important for numerous metabolic functions that reduce the risk of inflammation, cancer, and heart diseases. These fatty acids (FAs) have been detected in high concentrations in some species of algae. The amount of the n-3 and n-6 PUFAs is closely associated with abiotic factors, such as solar radiation intensity, salinity, and temperature variation. However, abiotic influence on PUFA levels, along with the physiological function of these molecules in algae, remains inconclusive. In the present study, the quantities of the n-3 and n-6 in Antarctic red algae species Iridaea cordata, Palmaria decipiens, Plocamium cartilagineum, and Pyropia endiviifolia were determined. The lipids were extracted from the macroalgae according to the method followed by Bligh and Dyer (1959) and converted to methyl esters for further analysis using gas chromatography. The main n-6 PUFA identified and quantified in this study of Antarctic red algae were linoleic acid (18:2n-6), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (20:3n-6), and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6). The eicosapentaenoic acid was detected at high concentrations in all species, with approximately 62.8% of total FA in P. endiviifolia, 75.4% in P. decipiens, 50.4% in I. cordata, and 20.1% in P. cartilagineum. The results corroborate those of the literature and show that PUFAs increased in red algae environments, with increased production of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs.
Individual non-esterified fatty acids and incident atrial fibrillation late in life; Objective Obesity and dysmetabolism are major risk factors for atrial fibrillation (AF). Expansion of fat depots is associated with increased circulating total non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), elevated levels of which are associated with incident AF. We undertook comprehensive serum measurement of individual NEFA to identify specific associations with new-onset AF late in life. Methods The present study focused on participants with available serum and free of AF selected from the Cardiovascular Health Study, a community-based longitudinal investigation of older US adults. Thirty-five individual NEFAs were measured by gas chromatography. Cox regression was used to evaluate the association of individual NEFAs with incident AF. Results The study sample included 1872 participants (age 77.7 +/- 4.4). During median follow-up of 11.3 years, 715 cases of incident AF occurred. After concurrent adjustment of all NEFAs and full adjustment for potential confounders, higher serum concentration of nervonic acid (24:1 n-9), a long-chain monounsaturated fatty acid, was associated with higher risk of AF (HR per SD: 1.18, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.29; p<0.001). Conversely, higher serum concentration of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) (18:3 n-6), a polyunsaturated n-6 fatty acid, was associated with lower risk of AF (HR per SD: 0.81, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.94; p=0.004). None of the remaining NEFAs was significantly associated with AF. Conclusions Among older adults, serum levels of non-esterified nervonic acid were positively associated, while serum levels of non-esterified GLA were inversely associated, with incident AF. If confirmed, these results could offer new strategies for AF prevention and early intervention in this segment of the population at highest risk.
HOW DO FISH OILS AFFECT VASCULAR FUNCTIONS; 1. This is a review on the mechanisms by which fish oils affect vascular function and how such changes contribute to their documented cardioprotective effects.
Plasma linoleic acid partially mediates the association of bipolar disorder on self-reported mental health scales; We have shown that bipolar individuals have reduced quality diets, including lower intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). We have also reported reduced plasma levels of the n-6 PUFA, linoleic acid (LA), and the n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in bipolar subjects. In the current analysis we hypothesized that LA and EPA plasma levels would mediate lower self-reported mental health and life functioning scores in bipolar subjects. In a cross-sectional study, we collected a 7-day diet record in bipolar (n = 56) and control subjects (n = 46) followed by a fasted blood draw. We used structured equation modeling path analysis to test for mediating effects of dietary intake and plasma levels of LA and EPA on self-reported mental health questionnaire scores, including the Life Functioning Questionnaire (LFQ), the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9), and the Short Form Health Survey (SF12), extracting the mental health component summary score (SF12-MM). We adjusted for age, gender, psychiatric medication use, body mass index (BMI), and total caloric intake as covariates with bipolar disorder as the primary predictor. We found a significant path association from bipolar disorder to lower plasma LA levels (p = 0.03) and significant paths from plasma LA to PHQ9 (p = 0.05), LFQ (p = 0.01) and SF12-MH (p = 0.05) scores, such that lower plasma LA predicted worse outcomes. We found no significant paths from plasma EPA levels to any of the outcome measures. These findings suggest that plasma LA levels partially mediate the effect of bipolar disorder on self-reported measures of mental health and life functioning. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
EFFECT OF DIETARY-TREATMENT ON THE LIPID, LIPOPROTEIN AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITIONS IN TYPE-IV FAMILIAL HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA; The effects of a 2-month dietary treatment (1,625 +/- 177 kcal, 40 +/- 2.3% carbohydrate, 35 +/- 3.7% fat, 25 +/- 2% protein, polyunsaturated/saturated fat ratio = 1.02 +/-0.06) on the overall composition of serum lipids, lipoproteins and the fatty acid composition of cholesterol esters and phospholipids in very low (VLDL), intermediate (IDL), low (LDL) and high (HDL) density lipoprotein in 5 patients with primary familial hypertriglyceridemia type IV were assessed. The data were compared with those for 9 normolipidemic subjects. Treatment decreased serum triglycerides (-52%) and total cholesterol (-12%) due to decrease in free cholesterol (-30%). It produced a significant decrease in all the constituents of VLDL (-58%), but the VLDL remained significantly higher after treatment than those of control subjects. The diet caused a decrease in triglycerides (-16%, -29% and -33%, respectively), and an increase in cholesterol in IDL, LDL and HDL. The IDL level in the treated patients remained significantly higher than in the controls. The LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio was unchanged after treatment. The fatty acid compositions of the patients before treatment and the controls were not significantly different. The diet caused a decrease in palmitoleic and oleic acids in the cholesterol ester fraction and an increase in linoleic acid, but this was significant only in VLDL and HDL. The diet decreased the eicosapentaenoic acid but the drop was only significant in IDL and LDL. There was also a decrease in linolenic acid, only significant in IDL. The diet induced only minor changes in the phospholipid fractions. We concluded that a single nutritional regimen can effectively decrease the serum lipids and normalize the lipoprotein composition of type IV hypertriglyceridemic patients.
Effect of flaxseed supplementation on markers of inflammation and endothelial function: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: The rationale for the current study was to evaluate the efficacy of flaxseed supplementation on important adhesion molecules and inflammatory cytokines in adults.
Nutritional and Phytochemical Profiling of <i>Vicia faba</i> L. var. <i>Minor</i> Seeds: a Multifaceted Exploration of Natural Antioxidants and Functional Food Potential; This study explores the nutritional and phytochemical profiling of twenty-three genotypes of Vicia faba L. var. minor seeds cultivated in the experimental field of the Arid Lands Institute of Medenine. Our comprehensive analysis encompasses fatty acid composition, sugar content, phytochemical composition, and antioxidant potential, providing a nuanced understanding of the seeds' nutritive quality. The investigation revealed substantial variations among genotypes, showcasing the potential for targeted nutritional enhancement. Quantification of total polyphenols, flavonoids, condensed tannins, and radical scavenging activities revealed average values of 16.46 mg GAE/g DW, 6.27 mg CTE/g DW, 0.47 mg CE/g DW, and 0.146 mM TEAC, respectively. Notably, the seeds exhibited a low tannin content, a desirable trait for animal feed applications. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) was employed for the identification of phenolic compounds, unearthing the prevalence of quinic acid and flavanols, including catechin (+) and epicatechin. Sugar analysis identified the presence of glucose and sucrose, emphasizing the seeds' unique carbohydrate composition. Gas chromatography elucidated the fatty acid profile, spotlighting prominent components such as palmitic acid (13.87%), stearic acid (3.37%), oleic acid (27.66%), linoleic acid (45.83%), and linolenic acid (3.53%). The findings underscore the seeds' nutritive significance, positioning them as rich sources of natural antioxidants, fatty acids, and phenolic compounds. Moreover, the extracts' favorable tannin content positions them as potential candidates for functional food applications, showcasing their promise as sources of bioactive molecules with diverse applications.
Effects of Flaxseed Interventions on Circulating Inflammatory Biomarkers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; There have been various clinical studies on the effect of flaxseed-derived products on circulating inflammatory biomarkers, but the findings from these are contradictory. The aim of the present study was to clarify any association. A comprehensive literature search was conducted from inception to May 2018. From the eligible trials, 32 articles describing studies conducted on adults aged 18-70 y were selected for the meta-analysis. Meta-analyses using the random-effects model were performed to investigate the data and results showed significant effects of flaxseed intake on circulating high-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP) [weighted mean difference (WMD) = -0.75; 95% CI: -1.19, -0.30; P < 0.001] and TNF alpha (WMD = -0.38; 95% CI: -0.75,-0.01; P = 0.04). However, no significant changes were found in IL6 concentration (WMD = -0.24; 95% CI: -0.70, 0.21; P = 0.28) and C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD = -0.34; 95% CI: -0.89, 0.20; P = 0.22). Moreover, by eliminating 1 of the studies from the sensitivity analysis, changes in IL6 concentration were significant (WMD = -0.44; 95% CI: -0.81, -0.08). The changes in inflammatory biomarkers were dependent on study design (parallel or crossover), supplement type (flaxseed, flaxseed oil, or lignan), study quality (high or low), and participants' age and BMI. According to this meta-analysis, flaxseed significantly reduced circulating concentrations of hs-CRP and TNF alpha, but did not affect IL6 and CRP. Further research is needed to examine the effect of different doses and long-term benefits of flaxseed and its derivatives on inflammatory factors.
Influence of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Enriched Lipid Emulsions on Nosocomial Infections and Clinical Outcomes in Critically Ill Patients: ICU Lipids Study; Objective: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (contained in fish oil) have been shown to beneficially influence infection rate and clinical outcomes in surgical patients probably due to their immunomodulatory action. In contrast, study results of fish oil administration in critically ill patients are controversial. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the prevalence of nosocomial infections and clinical outcomes in medical and surgical critically ill patients.
Calcium metabolism, osteoporosis and essential fatty acids: A review; Essential fatty acid (EFA)-deficient animals develop severe osteoporosis coupled with increased renal and arterial calcification. This picture is similar to that seen in osteoporosis in the elderly, where the loss of bone calcium is associated with ectopic calcification of other tissues, particularly the arteries and the kidneys. Recent mortality studies indicate that the ectopic calcification may be considerably more dangerous than the osteoporosis itself, since the great majority of excess deaths in women with osteoporosis are vascular and unrelated to fractures or other bone abnormalities. EFAs have now been shown to increase calcium absorption from the gut, in part by enhancing the effects of vitamin D, to reduce urinary excretion of calcium, to increase calcium deposition in bone and improve bone strength and to enhance the synthesis of bone collagen. These desirable actions are associated with reduced ectopic calcification. The interaction between EFA and calcium metabolism deserves further investigation since it may offer novel approaches to osteoporosis and also to the ectopic calcification associated with osteoporosis which seems to be responsible for so many deaths. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Association of Anti-Inflammatory Diet Ingredients and Lifestyle Exercise with Inflammaging; One of the latest theories on ageing focuses on immune response, and considers the activation of subclinical and chronic inflammation. The study was designed to explain whether anti-inflammatory diet and lifestyle exercise affect an inflammatory profile in the Polish elderly population. Sixty individuals (80.2 & PLUSMN; 7.9 years) were allocated to a low-grade inflammation (LGI n = 33) or high-grade inflammation (HGI n = 27) group, based on C-reactive protein concentration (< 3 or & GE;3 mg/L) as a conventional marker of systemic inflammation. Diet analysis focused on vitamins D, C, E, A, beta-carotene, n-3 and n-6 PUFA using single 24-h dietary recall. LGI demonstrated a lower n-6/n-3 PUFA but higher vitamin D intake than HGI. Physical performance based on 6-min walk test (6MWT) classified the elderly as physically inactive, whereby LGI demonstrated a significantly higher gait speed (1.09 & PLUSMN; 0.26 m/s) than HGI (0.72 & PLUSMN; 0.28 m/s). Circulating interleukins IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-13, TNF alpha and cfDNA demonstrated high concentrations in the elderly with low 6MWT, confirming an impairment of physical performance by persistent systemic inflammation. These findings reveal that increased intake of anti-inflammatory diet ingredients and physical activity sustained throughout life attenuate progression of inflammaging in the elderly and indicate potential therapeutic strategies to counteract pathophysiological effects of ageing.
Lower resting and total energy expenditure in postmenopausal compared with premenopausal women matched for abdominal obesity; The menopause is accompanied by increased risk of obesity, altered body fat distribution and decreased skeletal muscle mass. The resulting decrease in RMR should be accompanied by a compensatory change in energy balance to avoid weight gain. We aimed to investigate habitual energy intake and expenditure in pre-and postmenopausal women matched for abdominal obesity. We recruited fifty-one healthy Caucasian women, BMI > 18.5 and < 35 kg/m2, aged 35-45 years (premenopausal, n 26) and 55-65 years (postmenopausal, n 25). Energy intake was measured using 3 d diet diaries and dietary fat quality assessed using adipose tissue fatty acid biomarkers. RMR was measured using indirect calorimetry, and total energy expenditure (TEE) and activity energy expenditure using a combined accelerometer and heart rate monitor. Postmenopausal women had lower RMR and TEE and spent significantly less time undertaking moderate exercise than premenopausal women. Postmenopausal women had a tendency for a lower energy intake, and a similar macronutrient intake but a significantly lower adipose tissue n-6: n-3 ratio (24.6 (SE 1.6) v. 37.7 (SE 3.1); P < 0.001). The main lifestyle determinant of bone mineral density (which was significantly lower in postmenopausal women) was TEE for premenopausal women, and dietary n-6: n-3 ratio for postmenopausal women. The present results suggest that weight maintenance is achieved in the post-compared with premenopausal status through a combination of reduced energy intake and reduced TEE in a regimen that compromises micronutrient intake and has a negative impact on lean tissue mass. However, lower n-6: n-3 fatty acid intake in postmenopausal women is associated with greater bone mineral density.
Dietary contaminants and oxidative stress in Inuit of Nunavik; The aim of the present study was to investigate the potential deleterious effects of dietary contaminants such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and methylmercury (MeHg) on different molecules sensitive to oxidative stress, namely, plasma oxidized low-density lipoproteins (OxLDLs), plasma homocysteine (Hey), blood glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR), and glutathione (GSH). We also planned to assess the potential beneficial effects of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and selenium (Se) that are also present in the traditional limit diet. A total of 99 participants were studied. Plasma levels of PCBs, blood levels of Se and MeHg, plasma lipids (triacylglycerols, total, LDL-, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C and HDL-C, respectively], apolipoprotein B-LDL), erythrocyte n-3 PUFAs, OxLDL, Hcy, blood GPx, GSH, and GR have been determined. Mean concentrations of MeHg, Se, and PCBs were respectively 10- to 14-fold, 8- to 15-fold, and 16- to 18-fold higher than reported in white population consuming little or no fish. Multivariate analyses show that variance in plasma OxLDL concentrations was predicted by LDL-C (P = .007), HDL-C (P = .005), and PCBs (P = .006). The level of LDL oxidation, represented as the ratio OxLDL/apolipoprotein B-LDL, was predicted by LDL-C (P = .0002), HDL-C (P = .002), and GSH (P = .005). Concentration of plasma Hcy was positively predicted by age (P = .02) but negatively by body mass index (P = .04) and Se (P = .005). Glutathione was predicted by the smoking status (P =.004) and the level of LDL oxidation (P =.005), whereas GR was only predicted by the smoking status (P =.0009). The variance of GPx was not predicted by any contaminant or other physiological parameter. Dietary MeHg showed no association with the examined oxidative biomarkers, whereas PCB level was a predictor of the plasma concentration of OxLDL, although this concentration remained very low. The level of GPx activity in Inuit was higher than levels previously reported to be protective in whites. Homocysteine was negatively predicted by Se, suggesting a possible beneficial effect of Se. Moreover, n-3 PUFAs were highly correlated with dietary contaminants, but had no relationships with oxidative biomarkers. This study suggests that, in adult Inuit, contaminated traditional diet seems to have no direct oxidative effects on molecules involved in oxidative stress. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Biomonitoring as an Intervention Against Methylmercury Exposure; Objectives. We evaluated the effectiveness of biomonitoring as an intervention against methylmercury exposure.
Cheese fortification through the incorporation of UFA-rich sources: A review of recent (2010-2020) evidence; Cheese is a widely consumed dairy product with high saturated fatty acids (SFA) content, and with other high nutritional quality components. Due to the link of SFA and different diseases, many studies have replaced the cheese fat content with unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) rich sources to improve its nutritional quality. The fat replacement has physicochemical, textural, and sensory effects on dairy matrix. To the food science is mandatory to know which technological strategies of milk processing improve the quality of the end products. The most relevant results reveal that fish oil (FO) and flaxseed oil (FSO) have been the most researched UFA-rich sources, microencapsulation has been the most studied incorporation technology because it allows the oil entrapment with minimal effects on the cheese quality, and non-thermal technologies allow greater UFA fortification in cheese, improving its nutritional quality. Finally, the development of fortified cheeses with UFA-rich sources has been found as an innovative strategy to obtain high quality products with functional potential.
Analysis of the intricate effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols on inflammatory pathways in health and disease; Prevention and treatment of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, cancer, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, arthritis, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and various infectious diseases; lately most notably COVID-19 have been in the front line of research worldwide. Although targeting different organs, these pathologies have common biochemical impairments - redox disparity and, prominently, dysregulation of the inflammatory pathways. Research data have shown that diet components like polyphenols, poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), fibres as well as lifestyle (fasting, physical exercise) are important factors influencing signalling pathways with a significant potential to improve metabolic homeostasis and immune cells' functions. In the present manuscript we have reviewed scientific data from recent publications regarding the beneficial cellular and molecular effects induced by dietary plant products, mainly polyphenolic compounds and PUFAs, and summarize the clinical outcomes expected from these types of interventions, in a search for effective long-term approaches to improve the immune system response.
Algal Docosahexaenoic Acid Affects Plasma Lipoprotein Particle Size Distribution in Overweight and Obese Adults; Fish oils containing both EPA and DHA have been shown to have beneficial cardiovascular effects, but less is known about the independent effects of DHA. This study was designed to examine the effects of DHA on plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and other biomarkers of cardiovascular risk in the absence of weight loss. In this randomized, controlled, double-blind trial, 36 overweight or obese adults were treated with 2 g/d of algal DHA or placebo for 4.5 mo. Markers of cardiovascular risk were assessed before and after treatment. In the DHA-supplemented group, the decrease in mean VLDL particle size (P <= 0.001) and increases in mean LDL (P <= 0.001) and HDL (P <= 0.001) particle sizes were significantly greater than changes in the placebo group. DHA supplementation also increased the concentrations of large LDL (P <= 0.001) and large HDL particles (P = 0.001) and decreased the concentrations of small LDL (P = 0.009) and medium HDL particles (P = 0.001). As calculated using NMR-derived data, DHA supplementation reduced VLDL TG (P = 0.009) and total TG concentrations (P = 0.006). Plasma IL-10 increased with DHA supplementation to a greater extent than placebo (P = 0.021), but no other significant changes were observed in glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, or markers of inflammation with DHA. In summary, DHA supplementation resulted in potentially beneficial changes in some., markers of cardiometabolic risk, whereas other markers were unchanged. J. Nutr. 141: 207-213, 2011.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Concentrations of Four Plasma Phospholipid Fatty Acids in the De Novo Lipogenesis Pathway Results From the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) Consortium; Background-Palmitic acid (16:0), stearic acid (18:0), palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7), and oleic acid (18:1n-9) are major saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids that affect cellular signaling and metabolic pathways. They are synthesized via de novo lipogenesis and are the main saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids in the diet. Levels of these fatty acids have been linked to diseases including type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease.
Carbohydrate intake modifies associations between <i>ANGPTL4</i>[E40K] genotype and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in White men from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study; Background: Common allelic variation in the angiopoietin-like 4 gene (ANGPTL4[E40K]) has been associated with low triglyceride (TG) and high HDL-C.
Effect of fish oil supplementation on serum triglycerides, LDL cholesterol and LDL subfractions in hypertriglyceridemic adults; Background and aims: The well-established triglyceride (TG) lowering effect of fish oil is accompanied by an increase in LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration. Less is known about the differential impact on LDL particle distribution - the smaller particles being associated with a greater risk for atherosclerosis. We aimed to examine the changes in serum concentrations of four subclasses of LDL particles as well as shifts in LDL phenotype patterns (A, B, AB) among hypertriglyceridemic adults.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations in relation to cardiometabolic risk factors and metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women; Background: Low concentrations of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] may be associated with cardiometabolic disorders; however, little is known about their relation to intermediate metabolic and lipid markers.
Uptake and activation of eicosapentaenoic acid are related to accumulation of triacylglycerol in Ramos cells dying from apoptosis; The present study investigates the mechanism behind induction of cell death by eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in leukemia cells. The PUFA-sensitive cell lines Raji and Ramos, which die by necrosis and apoptosis upon incubation with EPA respectively, had 2- to S-fold higher uptake rate of EPA than the PUFA-resistant U-698 cell line. Furthermore, Ramos cells contained more lipid bodies and 3-fold more triacylglycerol than U-698 cells after 24 h incubation with 60 mu M EPA. The mechanism behind the increased rate of EPA uptake in the PUFA-sensitive cell lines was examined by comparing the expression of 6 different fatty acid binding proteins (FABPs) and 3 acyl-CoA synthetases (ACSs) in U-698 and Ramos cells. Moreover, enzymatic activity of ACS and acyl-CoA:1,2-diacylglycerol acyltransferase (ADGAT) was investigated. The protein expression level of CD36 and p-FABPpm, the mRNA level of FABP, liver-FABP, heart-FABP, intestinal-FABP, ACS1, ACS2, and enzymatic ADGAT activity were similar in the two cell lines. However, an mRNA signal observed with a probe for ACS3 was 1.7 times higher in Ramos than in U-698 cells, and lysate from Ramos cells had a higher capacity to activate EPA to EPA-CoA than U-698 cell lysate. In conclusion, the present findings indicate that cellular uptake, activation and incorporation of EPA into lipids map be related to induction of cell death in leukemia cell. lines.
Aterofisiol® in carotid plaque evolution; Background: In patients with carotid stenosis, the risk of plaque rupture is related to the composition of the atherosclerotic plaque rather than to its magnitude. In this regard, we evaluated the effects of a supplement, Aterofisiol,(R) containing omega-3 (EPA [eicosapen acid] DHA [docosahexaenoic acid]), vitamin K-2, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, oligomeric proanthocyanidins (OPC) and resveratrol on the composition of atherosclerotic plaque and on neurological symptoms in patients with carotid stenosis undergoing carotid endarterectomy.
Docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid reduce C-reactive protein expression and STAT3 activation in IL-6-treated HepG2 cells; C-reactive protein (CRP), an acute phase protein in humans, is predominantly produced by hepatocytes in response to interleukin-6 (IL-6). Several epidemiological studies have reported that dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) is inversely associated with serum CRP concentration. However, the molecular mechanism by which n-3 PUFAs reduce the serum CRP level in HepG2 cells remains unclear. The aims of this study were to examine the effect of the n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), on the modulation of IL-6-induced CRP expression and to explore its possible mechanisms. We demonstrated that DHA and EPA inhibited IL-6-induced CRP protein and mRNA expression, as well as reduced CRP promoter activity in HepG2 cells. Knockdown of Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 (STAT3) and CCAAT box/Enhancer-Binding Protein beta (C/EBP beta) by small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) significantly decreased IL-6-induced CRP promoter activity. Gel electrophoresis mobility shift assays (EMSA) showed that pretreatment with DHA and EPA decreased IL-6-induced STAT3 DNA binding activity but not C/EBP beta. By western blot analysis, DHA and EPA inhibited IL-6-induced STAT3 phosphorylation but not ERK1/2 or C/EBP beta. The suppression of the phosphorylation of STAT3 by DHA and EPA was further verified by immunofluorescence staining. Taken together, our results demonstrate that DHA and EPA are able to reduce IL-6-induced CRP expression in HepG2 cells via an inhibition of STAT3 activation. This mechanism, which explains the inhibitory effect of n-3 PUFAs on the CRP expression, provides new insights into the beneficial anti-inflammatory effect of n-3 PUFAs.
MEMBRANE PEROXIDATIVE DAMAGE ENHANCEMENT BY THE ETHER LIPID CLASS OF ANTINEOPLASTIC AGENTS; The ether lipid antineoplastic agents have no known interaction with DNA, but rather they appear to target membranes. The primary mechanism of action is unknown but effects on membrane biology are documented. We have studied the effect of two ether lipids on membrane lipids and examined the hypothesis that membrane peroxidative damage may be involved in their mechanism of action. With the use of cells having membranes enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 family of fatty acids, we have demonstrated that the prototypical ether lipid 1-O-octadecyl-2-O-methyl-rac-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a thioether lipid analogue, 1-O-hexadecylmercapto-2-methoxymethyl-rac-glycero-3-phosphocholine, increase membrane lipid peroxidation and cytotoxicity in a time- and drug concentration-dependent manner. The oxidative cofactors Fe2+ and ascorbic acid were required. The pattern of cell death did not fully correspond to the peroxidation, since cofactors were required for peroxidation but not cytotoxicity. However, the rate of decrease in cell viability after exposure to the drug and cofactors corresponded to the peroxidation rate. In addition, when L1210 cells modified with the monounsaturated fatty acid oleic acid or unmodified cells were used, there was no ether lipid-enhanced peroxidation, and the cells were significantly less sensitive to the drug, with or without cofactors. The lipid-soluble antioxidant vitamin E inhibited 1-O-octadecyl-2-O-methyl-rac-glycero-3-phosphocholine peroxidation and cytotoxicity in a concentration-dependent manner in the presence of cofactors but not consistently without them. Depletion of cellular glutathione content of L1210 cells using L-buthionine(SR)-sulfoximine resulted in 40% augmentation of cofactor-facilitated cytotoxicity of 1-O-octadecyl-2-O-methyl-rac-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a borderline effect on peroxidation. Another ether lipid, the thio compound 1-O-hexadecylmercapto-2-methoxymethyl-rac-glycero-3-phosphocholine, enhanced peroxidation in the presence of cofactors with kinetics corresponding to those of cytotoxicity. In the presence of ether lipid and cofactors the intensity of ascorbate free radical increased, consistent with oxidative stress. We conclude that the ether lipids stimulate membrane lipid peroxidation in a time- and drug concentration-dependent manner in the presence of oxidative cofactors. Even though peroxidation may not fully explain the cytotoxic effect of the ether lipid class of anticancer drugs, this observation provides further information on the nature of the membrane damage induced by the drugs. Since the ether lipids generate no known free radical intermediates directly, this suggests that membrane damage indirectly results in a process involving a peroxidative reaction.
NSAID and antioxidant prevention of Alzheimer's disease lessons from <i>in vitro</i> and animal models; Both oxidative damage and inflammation are elevated in brains of Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients, but their pathogenic significance remains unclear. The reduced AD risk associated with high intake of both nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and antioxidants; suggests causal roles, but clinical trials in AD patients have yielded only limited or negative results. To test the potential efficacy and mechanisms of candidate approaches, we have explored conventional and unconventional MAIDS, antioxidants, and combined NSAID/antioxidants in cell culture and animal models for AD (including aging APPsw transgenic mice and soluble A beta rodent infusion models). The conventional NSAID ibuprofen has the strongest epidemiological support. At sustainable doses designed to mimic protective consumption in the epidemiology, ibuprofen reduces amyloid accumulation but suppresses a surprisingly limited subset of inflammatory markers in APPsw transgenic mice. Both A beta production (APP, beta- and gamma-secretases) and post-production pathways (those affecting A beta aggregation or clearance: e.g., IL-1 or alpha 1ACT) are potentially involved in ibuprofen and other NSAID anti-AD activities. The post-production pathways are predictably shared with other seemingly protective NSAIDs, including naproxen that do not lower A beta 42 in vitro. Using clinically feasible dosing, brain levels of NSAIDs appear too low to implicate a number of pharmacological dose targets that have been demonstrated in vitro. Ibuprofen did not suppress microglial markers related to phagocytosis. The putative anti-inflammatory omega-3 fatty acid DHA had a profound impact on pathogenesis but did not lower inflammation, while vitamin E was surprisingly ineffective in reducing oxidative damage or amyloid in the aged APPsw mouse. In contrast, the unconventional NSAID/antioxidant curcumin was effective, lowering oxidative damage, cognitive deficits, synaptic marker loss, and amyloid deposition. Curcumin proved to be immunomodulatory, simultaneously inhibiting cytokine and microglial activation indices related to neurotoxicity, but increasing an index of phagocytosis. Curcumin directly targeted A beta and was also effective in other models, warranting further preclinical and clinical exploration.
n-3 Long-chain PUFAs reduce respiratory morbidity caused by iron supplementation in iron-deficient South African schoolchildren: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention; Background: Although iron supplementation in malaria-free areas mostly reduces infectious morbidity, it can sometimes increase morbidity from infections as a result of the dependence of pathogenic microorganisms on iron. Supplementation with n-3 (omega-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) improved morbidity in several human studies. However, information on the combined effect of iron and n-3 LCPUFA supplementation on infectious morbidity is limited.
Cross-sectional relationships between dietary fat intake and serum cholesterol fatty acids in a Swedish cohort of 60-year-old men and women; BackgroundThe present study aimed to describe the relationship between self-reported dietary intake and serum cholesterol fatty acids (FAs) in a Swedish population of 60-year-old men and women.
Nutritional Challenges in Metabolic Syndrome; Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) is a combination of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes. Different diagnostic criteria were proposed, but a consensus was reached in 2009 based on values of waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting glycemia, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels. The main underlying etiologic factor is insulin resistance. The quality and quantity of individual macronutrients have an influence on the development and resolution of this syndrome. However, the main treatment goal is weight loss and a decrease in insulin resistance. A controlled energy dietary recommendation, together with moderate levels of physical activity, may positively change the parameters of MetS. However, there is no single dietary or exercise prescription that works for all patients. Dietary patterns such as Mediterranean-style, dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH), low-carbohydrate, and low-fat diets can ameliorate insulin resistance and MetS. Long-term adherence to a healthy lifestyle is key in assuring that individuals significantly reduce the risk of CVD and diabetes mellitus.
Effects of fish oil treatment on bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis in mice; Bleomycin is an antibiotic used to treat a variety of neoplasms. A major side-effect of bleomycin therapy is the induction of an intense inflammatory response that develops into pulmonary fibrosis. Several studies have shown that certain polyunsaturated fatty acids found in fish oil reduce the inflammatory response in vivo. Fish oil has been employed for the treatment of several pathologies such as glomerulonephritis, cardiovascular diseases, rheumatoid arthritis, and even as an adjuvant in cancer therapy. This study examined the effects of fish oil treatment on the development of bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis. Mice were intraperitoneally treated with bleomycin or with saline daily for 10 days, and 15 days after the last injection they started to receive fish oil by gavage for 14 days. The lungs were processed for light microscopy, biochemical and immunohistochemical investigations. Fish oil did not prevent the development of pulmonary fibrosis after the injury as shown by light microscopy, cytokines immunohistochemical analysis, TBARS content and protein levels in the lung. In addition however, fish oil itself induced a slight inflammatory process in the lung, as observed by the increase in cellularity, vasodilatation in the lung parenchyma, TBARS content, and a slight increase in the lung protein content. Copyright (c) 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effect of seasonal changes on nutritional status and biochemical parameters in Turkish older adults; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Available data suggest that seasonal changes may influence the nutritional status and overall health of elderly individuals. Therefore, this study was conducted to investigate the effects of seasonal changes and related factors on energy and nutrient intake of older adults.
Effects of Supplementing the Usual Diet with a Daily Dose of Walnuts for Two Years on Metabolic Syndrome and Its Components in an Elderly Cohort; Accumulating evidence links nut consumption with an improved risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS); however, long-term trials are lacking. We examined the e ffects of a daily dose of walnuts for two years on MetS in a large elderly cohort. A total of 698 healthy elderly participants were randomly assigned to either a walnut supplemented or a control diet. The participants in the walnut group were provided with packaged walnuts (1, 1.5, or 2 oz. or similar to 15% of energy) and asked to incorporate them into their daily habitual diet. The participants in the control group were asked to continue with their habitual diet and abstain from eating walnuts and other tree nuts. Intake of n-3 fatty acid supplements was not permitted in either group. Fasting blood chemistries, blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were obtained at baseline and at the end of intervention. A total of 625 participants (67% women, mean age 69.1 y) completed this two-year study (90% retention rate). Triglycerides decreased in both walnut (-0.94 mg/dl) and control (-0.96 mg/dl) groups, with no significant between-group differences. There was a non-significant decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the walnut group (-1.30 and -0.71 mm Hg, respectively) and no change in the control group. Fasting blood glucose decreased by similar to 1 point in both the walnut and control groups. There were no significant between-group differences in the development or reversion of MetS. In conclusion, supplementing the diet of older adults with a daily dose of walnuts had no effect on MetS status or any of its components, although the walnut group tended to have lower blood pressure.
Effect of 6-Month Feeding with a Diet Enriched in EPA plus DHA from Fish Meat on the Blood Metabolomic Profile of Dogs with Myxomatous Mitral Valve Disease; Simple Summary Animal nutrition plays an important role in the therapy of many diseases, including heart failure. The aim of the research was to assess whether 6 months of feeding diet enriched in unsaturated fatty acids (from fish meat) in dogs suffering from heart failure due to mitral degeneration impacts the dogs' metabolic profile and clinical status. Twenty small breed dogs in early stages of heart failure were randomly divided into two groups. One group receiving a standard diet, the second one a diet enriched in fish meat. All dogs continued to receive appropriate cardiac therapy throughout the study. Control examinations were performed at the start of the study, after 3 and 6 months of appropriate feeding. The results showed no differences in clinical, cardiological, haematological and biochemical parameters between the two study groups. The metabolomic changes was more pronounced with time. After 6 months of feeding the diete enriched in fish meat, there was a favorable reduction in glycerophosphocholine and xanthine levels, but an adverse increase in lactate and furvan and a decrease in alanine was not stopped. Animal nutrition plays an important role in the therapy of many diseases, including heart failure. The aim was to assess whether 6 months of feeding an AEP + ADH enriched diet (from fish meat) in dogs suffering from heart failure due to mitral degeneration impacts the dogs' metabolic profile and clinical status. Twenty small breed dogs were included: 50% were in stage B2 of MMVD and 50%, in stage C according to ACVIM. Dogs were randomly divided into two groups. One group receiving a standard diet, the second one a diet enriched with EPA + DHA (from fish meat). All dogs continued to receive appropriate therapy throughout the study. Control examinations were performed at the start of the study, after 3 and 6 months of appropriate feeding. Examinations included ECG, ECHO, blood hemathology and biochemistry, morphometric measurements, body fat index and subcutaneous fat tissue thickness. Serum samples were analyzed with a high-performance liquid chromatography system. Data were analyzed using the Progenesis QI (PQI, Non-linear Dynamics). The results showed no differences in clinical, cardiological, haematological and biochemical parameters between the two study groups. An effect on the metabolomic profile following a continued diet enriched in DHA + EPA (from fish meat) was more pronounced with time. After 6 months of feeding the diete enriched with DHA + EPA (from fish meat), there was a favorable reduction in glycerophosphocholine and xanthine levels, but an adverse increase in lactate and furvan and a decrease in alanine was not stopped.
Vegetarian diet: panacea for modern lifestyle diseases?; We review the beneficial and adverse effects of vegetarian diets in various medical conditions. Soybean-protein diet, legumes, nuts and soluble fibre significantly decrease total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides. Diets rich in fibre and complex carbohydrate, and restricted in fat, improve control of blood glucose concentration, lower insulin requirement and aid in weight control in diabetic patients. An inverse association has been reported between nut, fruit, vegetable and fibre consumption, and the risk of coronary heart disease. Patients eating a vegetarian diet, with comprehensive lifestyle changes, have had reduced frequency, duration and severity of angina as well as regression of coronary atherosclerosis and improved coronary perfusion. An inverse association between fruit and vegetable consumption and stroke has been suggested. Consumption of fruits and vegetables, especially spinach and collard green, was associated with a lower risk of age-related ocular macular degeneration. There is an inverse association between dietary fibre intake and incidence of colon and breast cancer as well as prevalence of colonic diverticula and gallstones. A decreased breast cancer risk has been associated with high intake of soy bean products. The beneficial effects could be due to the diet (monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, minerals, fibre, complex carbohydrate, antioxidant vitamins, flavanoids, folic acid and phytoestrogens) as well as the associated healthy lifestyle in vegetarians. There are few adverse effects, mainly increased intestinal gas production and a small risk of vitamin B-12 deficiency.
Systems pharmacology uncovers serotonergic pathway mediated psychotherapeutic effects of <i>Lonicerae Japonicae Flos</i>; Psychiatric disorders have become the biggest cause of non-fatal health burden and are the major contributor to suicide worldwide. The currently limitations of standard psychotherapy lead to an increasing attention in complementary and alternative therapies, in particular the traditional herbal medicine. Lonicerae Japonicae Flos (LJF) is one of the most consumed herbal tea beverages for medical purposes. LJF contains flavonoids and phenolic acid as the major constituents, hence the anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative properties reported earlier. Nevertheless, the neuro-pharmacological properties of LJF are largely unknown. In this study, combined systems pharmacology strategy and RNA-Seq technology, we uncovered psychotherapeutic effects of LJF. In brief, LJF and its active ingredient luteolin can reversed depressive/anxiety-like behavior in rats exposed to chronic mild stress (CMS), restored abnormal gene expression changes and neurotransmission in the striatum of CMS rats, these effects were mediated through triggering the activation of the HTR2A/PLC gamma/ERK/CREB pathway.
Effects of dietary flaxseed on vascular contractile function and atherosclerosis during prolonged hypercholesterolemia in rabbits; Dietary flaxseed has significant anti-atherogenic effects. However, the limits of this action and its effects on vascular contractile function are not known. We evaluated the effects of flaxseed supplementation on atherosclerosis and vascular function under prolonged hypercholes-terolemic conditions in New Zealand White rabbits assigned to one of four groups for 6, 8, or 16 wk of feeding: regular diet (RG), 10% flaxseed-supplemented diet (FX), 0.5% cholesterol-supplemented diet (CH), and 0.5% cholesterol- and 10% flaxseed-supplemented diet (CF). Cholesterol feeding resulted in elevated plasma cholesterol levels and the development of atherosclerosis. The CF group had significantly less atherosclerotic lesions in the aorta and carotid arteries after 6 and 8 wk than the CH animals. However, the anti-atherogenic effect of flaxseed supplementation was completely attenuated by 16 wk. Maximal tension induced in aortic rings either by KCl or norepinephrine was not impaired by dietary cholesterol until 16 wk. This functional impairment was not prevented by including flaxseed in the high-cholesterol diet. Aortic rings from the cholesterol- fed rabbits exhibited an impaired relaxation response to acetylcholine at all time points examined. Including flaxseed in the high-cholesterol diet completely normalized the relaxation response at 6 and 8 wk and partially restored it at 16 wk. No significant changes in the relaxation response induced by sodium nitroprusside were observed in any of the groups. In summary, dietary flaxseed is a valuable strategy to limit cholesterol- induced atherogenesis as well as abnormalities in endothelial-dependent vasorelaxation. However, these beneficial effects were attenuated during prolonged hypercholesterolemic conditions.
Effect of repetitive daily ethanol intoxication on adult rat brain: Significant changes in phospholipase A2 enzyme levels in association with increased PARP-1 indicate neuroinflammatory pathway activation; Collaborating on studies of subchronic daily intoxication in juvenile and adult rats, we examined whether the repetitive ethanol treatments at these two life stages altered levels of key neuroinflammation-associated proteins-aquaporin-4 (AQP4), certain phospholipase A2 (PLA2) enzymes, PARP-1 and caspase-3-in hippocampus (HC) and entorhinal cortex (EC). Significant changes in the proteins could implicate activation of specific neuroinflammatory signaling pathways in these rats as well as in severely binge-intoxicated adult animals that are reported to incur degeneration of vulnerable neurons in HC and EC. Male Wistar rats, ethanol-intoxicated (3 g/kg i.p.) once daily for 6 days over an 8-day interval beginning at 37 days old and repeated at age 68-75 days, were sacrificed 1 h after the day 75 dose (blood ethanol, 200-230 mg/dl). Analysis of HC with an immunoblot technique showed that AQP4, Ca+2-dependent PLA2 (cPLA2 IVA), phosphorylated (activated) p-cPLA2, cleaved (89 kD) PARP (c-PARP), and caspase-3 levels were significantly elevated over controls, whereas Ca+2-independent PLA2 (iPLA2 VIA) was reduced similar to 70%; however, cleaved caspase-3 was undetectable. In the EC, AQP4 was unchanged, but cPLA2 and p-cPLA2 were significantly increased while iPLA2 levels were diminished (similar to 40%) similar to HC, although just outside statistical significance (p = 0.06). In addition, EC levels of PARP-1 and c-PARP were significantly increased. The ethanol-induced activation of cPLA2 in association with reduced iPLA2 mirrors PLA2 changes in reports of neurotrauma and also of dietary omega-3 fatty acid depletion. Furthermore, the robust PARP-1 elevations accompanied by negligible caspase-3 activation indicate that repetitive ethanol intoxication may be potentiating non-apoptotic neurodegenerative processes such as parthanatos. Overall, the repetitive ethanol treatments appeared to instigate previously unappreciated neuroinflammatory pathways in vivo. The data provide insights into mechanisms of binge ethanol abuse that might suggest new therapeutic approaches to counter neurodegeneration and dementia. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Models and methods for conditioning the ischemic brain; Background: In the last decades the need to find new neuroprotective targets has addressed the researchers to investigate the endogenous molecular mechanisms that brain activates when exposed to a conditioning stimulus. Indeed, conditioning is an adaptive biological process activated by those interventions able to confer resistance to a deleterious brain event through the exposure to a sub-threshold insult. Specifically, preconditioning and postconditioning are realized when the conditioning stimulus is applied before or after, respectively, the harmul ischemia.
Neuro-Inflammation Modulation and Post-Traumatic Brain Injury Lesions: From Bench to Bed-Side; Head trauma is the most common cause of disability in young adults. Known as a silent epidemic, it can cause a mosaic of symptoms, whether neurological (sensory-motor deficits), psychiatric (depressive and anxiety symptoms), or somatic (vertigo, tinnitus, phosphenes). Furthermore, cranial trauma (CT) in children presents several particularities in terms of epidemiology, mechanism, and physiopathology-notably linked to the attack of an immature organ. As in adults, head trauma in children can have lifelong repercussions and can cause social and family isolation, difficulties at school, and, later, socio-professional adversity. Improving management of the pre-hospital and rehabilitation course of these patients reduces secondary morbidity and mortality, but often not without long-term disability. One hypothesized contributor to this process is chronic neuroinflammation, which could accompany primary lesions and facilitate their development into tertiary lesions. Neuroinflammation is a complex process involving different actors such as glial cells (astrocytes, microglia, oligodendrocytes), the permeability of the blood-brain barrier, excitotoxicity, production of oxygen derivatives, cytokine release, tissue damage, and neuronal death. Several studies have investigated the effect of various treatments on the neuroinflammatory response in traumatic brain injury in vitro and in animal and human models. The aim of this review is to examine the various anti-inflammatory therapies that have been implemented.
Fish oil augments celecoxib mediated alteration in apoptotic pathway in the initiation phase of 7,12-dimethylbenz(α)anthracene-induced mammary carcinogenesis; Background: Resistance in apoptosis by disruption in signaling pathways is a common trait in malignancy. Celecoxib, a specific COX-2 inhibitor, has been reported to exert chemopreventive effect by inducing apoptosis. However, high doses or chronic usage of celecoxib for longer periods have various side effects. n-3 PUFA rich fish oil also abrogates COX-2 expression in tumors and thereby, has chemopreventive action. Combinatorial strategy using these two has been reported to be beneficial in mammary carcinoma. The present study was designed to understand the role of intrinsic and extrinsic apoptotic pathways in chemopreventive effect of celecoxib and fish oil in the initial phases of mammary carcinogenesis.
Molecular therapeutic strategies targeting pancreatic cancer induced cachexia; Pancreatic cancer (PC) induced cachexia is a complex metabolic syndrome associated with significantly increased morbidity and mortality and reduced quality of life. The pathophysiology of cachexia is complex and poorly understood. Many molecular signaling pathways are involved in PC and cachexia. Though our understanding of cancer cachexia is growing, therapeutic options remain limited. Thus, further discovery and investigation of the molecular signaling pathways involved in the pathophysiology of cachexia can be applied to development of targeted therapies. This review focuses on three main pathophysiologic processes implicated in the development and progression of cachexia in PC, as well as their utility in the discovery of novel targeted therapies.
Association of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with soluble thrombomodulin as a marker of endothelial damage: A cross-sectional pilot study; Background: Soluble thrombomodulin (sTM) is a useful marker of vascular endothelial damage. Although n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) (eicosapentaenoic acid: EPA; docosahexaenoic acid: DHA) have various cardiovascular protective effects, their effect in preventing vascular endothelial damage remains unclear. Furthermore, little is known about the association of EPA and DHA with sTM using the cross-sectional study method. Methods and results: This pilot study was designed as a hospital-based cross-sectional study to investigate the relationships between serum n-3 PUFA levels and sTM level in patients with the presence of one or more risk factors for atherosclerosis. Of the 534 sequential patients who had routinely been registered to a study cohort of our institute, 324 patients without chronic kidney disease (because sTM is eliminated by renal excretion and the serum sTM level is increased by renal dysfunction) were enrolled in this study. In a multivariate analysis after adjustment for atherosclerotic risk factors, elevated EPA + DHA level was an independent variable of decreased sTM level (beta= 0.183, p = 0.0006). The serum levels of EPA and DHA showed a strong correlation (r = 0.736, p < 0.0001); however, multivariate analysis including EPA and DHA revealed that serum DHA (beta = 0.243, p= 0.003), but not serum EPA (beta = 0.049, p =0.538), was identified as an independent negative determinant of sTM level. Conclusion: Although there are numerous unresolved issues in regard to the differences in the cardiovascular protective effects between EPA and DHA, DHA may be associated with a decrease in sTM. A large-scale trial would be warranted to demonstrate whether the beneficial effect of n3-PUFAs therapy on endothelial damage and improvement of endothelial function might also result in fewer clinical cardiovascular events. (C)2014 Japanese College of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Associations between omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, hyperinsulinemia and incident diabetes by race/ethnicity: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background & aims: Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been shown to relate to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes (T2D), but influence of race/ethnicity has not been investigated. The aim of this study was to determine whether omega-6 PUFAs, and estimated desaturase enzyme activity, are associated with fasting glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and incident T2D, and whether associations differ by race/ethnicity.
Effect of Perioperative Nutritional Supplementation on Postoperative Complications-Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; BackgroundPerioperative carbohydrate loading, increased protein intake, and immunonutrition may decrease postoperative complications. Studies on the topic have led to controversial results.MethodsWe searched Medline, EMBASE, and CENTRAL up to August 2018 for randomized trials comparing the effect of perioperative nutritional supplements (intervention) versus control on postoperative complications in patients undergoing gastrointestinal cancer surgery. Secondary outcomes included infectious complications and length of hospital stay (LOS). Random effects model was used to estimate the pooled risk ratio (RR) of treatment effects. Pooled mean difference (MD) was used to compare LOS. Heterogeneity was assessed using I-2. Sources of heterogeneity were explored through subgroup analysis by nutritional supplementation protocol, type of surgery, and type of nutritional supplement. Risk of bias and quality of the evidence were assessed.ResultsOf 3951 articles, we identified 56 trials (n=6370). Perioperative nutrition was associated with a lower risk of postoperative complications (RR 0.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69-0.80); postoperative infections (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.64-0.79, n=4582); and postoperative non-infectious complications (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.71-0.87, n=4883). There were no significant heterogeneity outcomes analyzed (I-2=14%, 1%, and 7%, respectively). LOS was shorter for the intervention group, MD -1.58days; 95% CI -1.83 to -1.32; I-2=89%). Subgroup analysis did not identify sources of heterogeneity. The quality of evidence for postoperative complications was high and for LOS was moderate.ConclusionPerioperative nutritional optimization decreases the risk of postoperative infectious and non-infectious complications. It also decreases LOS in patients undergoing gastrointestinal cancer surgery, but these findings should be taken with caution given the high heterogeneity.
Pharmacological inhibition to examine the role of DGAT1 in dietary lipid absorption in rodents and humans; Alterations in fat metabolism, in particular elevated plasma concentrations of free fatty acids and triglycerides (TG), have been implicated in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. Acyl-CoA: diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 (DGAT1), a member of the large family of membrane-bound O-acyltransferases, catalyzes the final step in triacylglycerol formation. In the intestine, DGAT1 is one of the acyltransferases responsible for the reesterficiation of dietary TG. Following a single dose of a selective pharmacological inhibitor of DGAT1, PF-04620110, a dose-dependent inhibition of TG and vitamin A absorption postprandially was demonstrated in rodents and human subjects. In C57/BL6J mice, acute DGAT1 inhibition alters the temporal and spatial pattern of dietary lipid absorption. To understand the impact of DGAT1 inhibition on enterocyte lipid metabolism, lipomic profiling was performed in rat intestine and plasma as well as human plasma. DGAT1 inhibition causes an enrichment of polyunsaturated fatty acids within the TG class of lipids. This pharmacological intervention gives us insight as to the role of DGAT1 in human dietary lipid absorption.
<i>De novo</i> sequencing and comparative transcriptome analysis of the male and hermaphroditic flowers provide insights into the regulation of flower formation in andromonoecious <i>taihangia rupestris</i>; Background: Taihangia rupestris, an andromonoecious plant species, bears both male and hermaphroditic flowers within the same individual. However, the establishment and development of male and hermaphroditic flowers in andromonoecious Taihangia remain poorly understood, due to the limited genetic and sequence information. To investigate the potential molecular mechanism in the regulation of Taihangia flower formation, we used de novo RNA sequencing to compare the transcriptome profiles of male and hermaphroditic flowers at early and late developmental stages.
Fatty acids composition and health indices in different fat and muscle locations of lambs from crossbreeding between Lori-Bakhtiari and Romanov sheep breeds; The current study aimed to evaluate the fatty acids (FAs) profile of five different locations in pure Lori-Bakhtiari (LL genotype) fat-tailed sheep and their crosses (RL genotype) with the Romanov-tailed breed. After slaugh-tering, samples were collected from longissimus thoracis (LT) and semi-membranous (SM) as muscle, and fat-tail (FT), subcutaneous (SC), and abdominal (AB) fat as adipose tissues. After extracting the ether extract of samples according to the recommendations by the AOAC, the fatty acid composition of the samples was determined using gas chromatography. The main FAs were C14:0, C16:0, C18:0, and C18:1 for all locations. These FAs accounted for about 80-88 % and 85-90 % of the total FAs in muscle and adipose tissues, respectively. The results showed that for many of the FAs in muscle tissues, there were no significant differences between the LL and RL geno-types; However, the genotypes had a significant difference in proportions of C14, C16:1, C18:0, C18:3, C20:0, and C20:1 (P < 0.05) in all locations, as the LL genotype had lower C18:0 and C20:0 than the RL genotype.Genotypes did not show significant differences in classic ratios and health indices in muscle tissues and AB fat; While in FT and SC tissues, the genotypes had significant differences regarding saturated fatty acids (SFAs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), the unsaturated fatty acid to saturated fatty acid ratio (U/S), the satu-ration index (SI), and the trombogenic index (TI). The comparison of fatty acids and indices between muscle (LT and SM) and adipose (FT, SC, and AB) tissues showed that these two tissues were statistically different in terms of many individual fatty acids and indices (P < 0.05; P < 0.01). Also, adipose tissues had different amounts of C12:0 (0.22 vs. 0.45), C15:0 (0.82 vs. 0.36), C16:0 (26.51 vs. 27.73), C16:1 (3.37 vs. 2.75), C17:1 (1.29 vs. 0.49), C18:1c (39.05 vs. 43.80), C18: 1 t (1.57 vs. 0.76), C18: 2n6 (3.15 vs. 3.86), and C20:1 (0.84 vs. 0.58).The n-6/n-3 and h/H ratios were significant difference between fat and muscle tissues (P < 0.05). it can be concluded that RL genotype was not superior than the LL genotype regarding the FAs, the ratios, and health indices. Therefore, crossbreeding native fat-tailed Lori-Bakhtiari sheep with Romanov sheep does not improve the meat quality; however, it can decrease the total body fat content.
Unhealthy diet in schizophrenia spectrum disorders; Purpose of review The high mortality and prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSD) is maintained by poor diet. This narrative review summarizes recent literature to provide a reflection of current eating habits, dietary preferences, and nutritional status of SSD patients. Elucidating these factors provides new insights for potential lifestyle treatment strategies for SSD. Recent findings Only 10.7% of the SSD patients had a healthy dietary pattern, against 23% of the general population. The dietic component of the Keeping the Body in Mind Xtend lifestyle program increased diet quality with 10% for young people with first-episode psychosis, compared to baseline, which was predominantly driven by increased vegetable variety and amounts. Recent findings render poor dietary habits as potential targets for treatment of SSD patients. Further studies into anti-inflammatory diets and associations with gut-brain biomarkers are warranted. When proven, structured and supervised diet interventions may help SSD patients escape from this entrapment, as only supplementing nutrients or providing dietary advice lacks the impact to significantly reduce the risk of chronic physical illnesses.
The effect of dietary oxidized lipid levels on growth performance, antioxidant enzyme activities, intestinal lipid deposition and skeletogenesis in Senegalese sole (<i>Solea senegalensis</i>) larvae; Fish tissues, particularly rich in n-3 PUFA, are prone to lipid peroxidation that can damage cellular membranes, cause severe lesions and subsequently incidences of disease and mortality. However, fish possess antioxidant defences, such as vitamin E (VE) and antioxidant enzymes, to protect them against oxidative damage. This study investigated the effects of an increasing gradient of oxidized dietary lipid on the survival, growth performance, skeletogenesis and antioxidant defensive processes occurring in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis) larvae. Four groups of fish were fed live prey enriched with experimental emulsions containing an increasing gradient of oxidized oil: non-oxidized, NO+VE, 34.5 nmol MDA g(-1) w.w.; mildly oxidized, MO+VE, 43.1 nmol MDA g(-1) w.w.; highly oxidized, HO+VE, 63.3 nmol MDA g(-1) w.w. and highly oxidized without VE, HO-VE, 78.8 nmol MDA g(-1) w.w. The oxidation levels increased in enriched rotifers following the oxidation gradient of the emulsions, but were not affected in enriched Artemia metanauplii. The oxidation status of Senegalese sole larvae increased during development, but this was not related to the dietary treatments. The increasing dietary oxidation levels did not affect the fatty acid profile, survival, growth performance and metamorphosis processes of sole larvae. Senegalese sole seem to activate antioxidant defence mechanisms in response to the increasing amounts of dietary peroxidized lipids, in a manner efficiently enough to prevent detection of any alterations of these physiological processes. Antioxidant systems and detoxification mechanisms appeared to occur through the consumption of dietary a-tocopherol, the activation of the antioxidant enzymes (catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione S-transferase, glutathione reductase) and the retention of oxidized fat in the intestinal enterocytes for detoxification prior to their utilization. However, fish fed the highest oxidized diet presented a reduction in bone mineralization, but lower incidence of deformities in the vertebral and caudal regions than fish fed the other diets. This study exemplifies the importance of rearing Senegalese sole larvae on non-oxidized diets during the early larval development to avoid detrimental consequences in older fish, most notably in the process of skeletogenesis.
Early Fish Oil Supplementation and Organ Failure in Patients With Septic Shock From Abdominal Infections: A Propensity-Matched Cohort Study; Background: Fish oil (FO) has immunomodulating effects and may improve organ function and outcome in critically ill patients. This retrospective, propensity-matched cohort study investigates the effects of early intravenous FO supplementation on organ failure in patients with septic shock from abdominal infection. Methods: A medical database was retrospectively searched for critically ill patients admitted because of septic shock from abdominal infection (n = 194). Demographic, clinical, and laboratory data; FO supplementation (10 g/d) (n = 42); rate, degree, and number of organ failures assessed by the Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) score; and secondary outcome variables were recorded. A propensity score-based model was used to establish 2 comparable groups (FO, n = 29; control, n = 29). Mann-Whitney rank sum test, Fisher exact test, and logistic regression analyses were used to compare variables between groups. Results: There were no differences in the rate of single organ failures, the maximum SOFA score (median [interquartile range (IQR)], 12 [8-15] vs 11 [9-14]; P = .99), or the number of organ failures (median [IQR], 2 [1-3] vs 2 [1-3]; P = .54] between patients receiving FO supplementation and those not receiving supplementation. There were no group differences in the maximum C-reactive protein levels (P = .1), duration of mechanical ventilation (P = .65) or hemofiltration ( P = .21), intensive care unit-acquired infections, intensive care unit length of stay (P = .59), and intensive care unit (P = 1) or hospital mortality (P = 1). Conclusions: Early intravenous FO may not decrease the number and degree of organ failures in patients with septic shock from abdominal infection. Future trials are needed before FO supplementation in septic shock from abdominal infection can be recommended. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2010; 34: 431-437)
Attenuation of serum lipid abnormalities and cardiac oxidative stress by eicosapentaenoate-lipoate (EPA-LA) derivative in experimental hypercholesterolemia; Background: Dietary cholesterol plays an important role in development of atherogenesis and cardiovascular disease. We explored the lipemic-oxidative injury in the hypercholesterolemic atherogenic animals. The effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), DL-alpha-lipoic acid (LA) and eicosapentaenoate-lipoate derivative (EPA-LA) were tested for their efficacy in controlling the atherogenic disturbances.
Vascular Risk Factors and Neurodegeneration in Ageing Related Dementias: Alzheimer's Disease and Vascular Dementia; Age is the strongest risk factor for brain degeneration whether it results from vascular or neurodegenerative mechanisms or both. To evaluate the current views on the impact of vascular disease on the most common causes of dementia, most relevant articles to the selected subject headings were reviewed until November 2011 from the popularly used databases including Pubmed, Cochrane Database and Biological Abstracts. Within the past decade, there has been four-fold increased interest in the vascular basis of neurodegeneration and dementia. Vascular ageing involving arterial stiffness, endothelial changes and blood-brain barrier dysfunction affects neuronal survival by impairing several intracellular protective mechanisms leading to chronic hypoperfusion. Modifiable risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia and adiposity linked to Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia promote the degeneration and reduce the regenerative capacity of the vascular system. These in tandem with accumulation of abnormal proteins such as amyloid beta likely disrupt cerebral autoregulation, neurovascular coupling and perfusion of the deeper structures to variable degrees to produce white matter changes and selective brain atrophy. Brain pathological changes may be further modified by genetic factors such as the apoliopoprotein E epsilon 4 allele. Lifestyle measures that maintain or improve vascular health including consumption of healthy diets, moderate use of alcohol and implementing regular physical exercise in general appear effective for reducing dementia risk. Interventions that improve vascular function are important to sustain cognitive status even during ageing whereas preventative measures that reduce risk of vascular disease are predicted to lessen the burden of dementia in the long-term.
Steady-state vitamin K<sub>2</sub> (menaquinone-7) plasma concentrations after intake of dairy products and soft gel capsules; BACKGROUND: In a previous human intervention study, we observed an improved vitamin K status after 8 weeks of intake of a yogurt that was fortified with vitamin K-2 (as menaquinone-7, MK-7) and enriched with vitamins C and D-3, magnesium and polyunsaturated fatty acids. It was hypothesized that the added nutrients contributed to this improvement. Here we report on a study in which we compared the fasting plasma concentrations of MK-7 from (a) yogurt enriched with MK-7, vitamins D-3 and C, magnesium, n-3 poly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and fish oil (yogurt Kplus), (b) yogurt fortified with MK-7 only (yogurt K) and (c) soft gel capsules containing only MK-7.
Programme National Nutrition Sante - guidelines score 2 (PNNS-GS2): development and validation of a diet quality score reflecting the 2017 French dietary guidelines (vol 122, pg 331, 2019); Following the revision of the French dietary guidelines in 2017, the Programme National Nutrition Sante - guidelines score (PNNS-GS), built upon previous recommendations released in 2001, needed to be updated. This cross-sectional study thus aimed to develop and validate the PNNS-GS2, a predefined food-based dietary index based on the 2017-revised French nutritional guidelines. A total of 80 965 participants recruited among French adults (>= 18 years old) in the NutriNet-Sante web-based prospective cohort were included. Collected data included repeated 24 h-dietary records over a 2-year period, sociodemographic and, for 16 938 subjects, clinical and biological data. Weighting and cut-offs of the PNNS-GS2 components were collegially arbitrated by nutrition experts who participated in the 2017 revision of the guidelines. Sociodemographic, nutritional and clinical and biological factors were investigated according to quintiles (Q) of PNNS-GS2 (theoretical ranging -17 to +13 center dot 5). Mean PNNS-GS2 was 2 center dot 1 (sd 3 center dot 1) in women and -0 center dot 3 (sd 3 center dot 6) in men. Higher PNNS-GS2 (higher adherence to 2017 dietary guidelines) was positively associated with (mean difference between Q5 and Q1 in women/men) age (+8 center dot 4/+4 center dot 7 years), education (+3 center dot 9/+7 center dot 4 % of university level), physical activity (+13 center dot 3/+3 center dot 5 % of >= 60 min/d) and non-smoking (+9 center dot 7/+13 center dot 7 %), and was negatively associated with mean blood pressure (-3 center dot 0/-2 center dot 8 mmHg), plasma LDL-cholesterol (-0 center dot 07/-0 center dot 06 g/l) and TAG (-0 center dot 10/-0 center dot 16 g/l) concentrations. Higher PNNS-GS2 was also associated with higher intake of favourable nutrients, e.g. n-3 PUFA (+0 center dot 2/+0 center dot 2 % of energy intake), fibres (+8 center dot 7/+10 center dot 7 g) and vitamin C (+36 center dot 6/+43 center dot 8 mg). Associations between PNNS-GS2 and sociodemographic and nutritional factors arguing for its validation are coherent. Further studies are needed to evaluate its association with mortality and morbidity.
Dietary macronutrients, genetic variation, and progression of coronary atherosclerosis among women; Background Previous studies observed the surprising finding that saturated fat was inversely associated with atherosclerosis progression in postmenopausal women, whereas polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) and carbohydrates were positively associated. Whether certain genes modify the association of diet with atherosclerotic progression is unknown.
FFAR4 improves the senescence of tubular epithelial cells by AMPK/SirT3 signaling in acute kidney injury; Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a serious clinical complication with high morbidity and mortality rates. Despite substantial progress in understanding the mechanism of AKI, no effective therapy is available for treatment or prevention. We previously found that G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) family member free fatty acid receptor 4 (FFAR4) agonist TUG891 alleviated kidney dysfunction and tubular injury in AKI mice. However, the versatile role of FFAR4 in kidney has not been well characterized. In the study, the expression of FFAR4 was abnormally decreased in tubular epithelial cells (TECs) of cisplatin, cecal ligation/perforation and ischemia/reperfusion injury-induced AKI mice, respectively. Systemic and conditional TEC-specific knockout of FFAR4 aggravated renal function and pathological damage, whereas FFAR4 activation by TUG-891 alleviated the severity of disease in cisplatin-induced AKI mice. Notably, FFAR4, as a key determinant, was firstly explored to regulate cellular senescence both in injured kidneys of AKI mice and TECs, which was indicated by senescence-associated beta-galactosidase (SA-beta-gal) activity, marker protein p53, p21, Lamin B1, phospho-histone H2A.X, phospho-Rb expression, and secretory phenotype IL-6 level. Mechanistically, pharmacological activation and overexpression of FFAR4 reversed the decrease of aging-related SirT3 protein, where FFAR4 regulated SirT3 expression to exhibit anti-senescent effect via Gq subunit-mediated CaMKK beta/AMPK signaling in cisplatin-induced mice and TECs. These findings highlight the original role of tubular FFAR4 in cellular senescence via AMPK/SirT3 signaling and identify FFAR4 as a potential drug target against AKI.
Linoleic acid enhances the secretion of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 by HepG2 cells; This study was undertaken in order to assess whether triglycerides and/or their fatty acids directly influence the secretion of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) in HepG2 cells. To this end, subconfluent HepG2 cells were incubated with triglyceride-rich particles (TGRP) isolated from Intralipid(R) for 16 h, and PAI-1 levels were determined in conditioned medium using a specific ELISA. TGRP (1 to 6 mg triglycerides/ml) concentration-dependently increased PAI-1 secretion by cells, concomitantly with significant increases in intracellular triglyceride (TG) levels. Fatty acid analysis indicated that the incubation of cells with 3 mg of TG per ml of TGRP induced significant accumulation of 18:2 n-6 (linoleic acid, LA) and 18:3 n-3 (linolenic acid), reflecting the fatty acid composition of the added triglycerides. We then tested the comparative effects on PAI-1 secretion by HepG2 cells of LA and 18:1 n-9 (oleic acid, OA). LA, as a bovine serum albumin (BSA) complex, concentration-dependently (1 to 35 mu mol/L) increased the secretion of PAI-1 by cells, whereas OA-BSA only minimally affected it at the highest concentration used (35 mu mol/L). Incorporation of LA into cell pools, in the presence of increasing concentration of the FA in the medium, was studied by the use of a preparation containing [C-14]LA. LA accumulated in all lipid classes including diacylglycerol, the incorporated LA being converted into arachidonic acid (AA) as assessed by HPLC radiochromatography of the fatty acid methyl esters. It is concluded that PAI-1 secretion in HepG2 cells is modulated by triacylglycerols and by linoleic acid and/or its metabolic products.
