Long Chain N3-PUFA Decreases ACE2 Protein Levels and Prevents SARS-CoV-2 Cell Entry; Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) is a target of interest for both COVID-19 and cardiovascular disease management. Even though lower ACE2 levels may be beneficial in SARS-CoV-2 infectivity, maintaining the ACE1/ACE2 balance is also crucial for cardiovascular health. So far, reports describing conditions capable of altering ACE2 protein levels, especially via dietary components, are limited. In this study, the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFA) on the protein levels of ACE1 and ACE2 in rodent tissues, human endothelial and kidney cell lines, and human plasma were examined. The ability of n3-PUFA to affect the entry of the SARS-CoV-2 pseudovirus into cells was also tested. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and in some cases eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), but not alpha-linoleic acid (ALA), reduced both ACE1 and ACE2 (non-glycosylated p100 and glycosylated p130 forms) in the heart, aorta, and kidneys of obese rats, as well as in human EA.hy926 endothelial and HEK293 kidney cells. Dietary supplementation with either DHA or ALA had no effect on plasma soluble ACE2 levels in humans. However, treatment of HEK293 cells with 80 and 125 mu M DHA for 16 h inhibited the entry of the SARS-CoV-2 pseudovirus. These results strongly suggest that DHA treatment may reduce the ability of SARS-CoV-2 to infect cells via a mechanism involving a decrease in the absolute level of ACE2 protein as well as its glycosylation. Our findings warrant further evaluation of long-chain n3-PUFA supplements as a novel option for restricting SARS-CoV-2 infectivity in the general population.
gamma-linolenic acid supplementation can affect cancer cell proliferation via modification of fatty acid composition; We examined the effect of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) supplementation on the growth and fatty acid composition of three human tumor cell lines (the neuroblastoma CHP-212, the tubal carcinoma TG, and the colon carcinoma SW-620), in order to evaluate the relationship between GLA-induced tumor cell death and the distribution of fatty acids in tumor cells. At the highest GLA concentrations (10 and 20 mu g/ml), the DNA synthesis was completely abolished; at 5 mu g/ml GLA only SW-620 cells did not proliferate, while CHP-212 and TG cells showed a residual [H-3]-thymidine incorporation. GLA levels were very low in cells grown in control medium; GLA supplementation caused a significant incorporation of GLA itself in all the cell lines at each concentration. In TG and CHP-212 cells, GLA was metabolized, although to a different extent, to dihomo-gamma linolenic acid and arachidonic acid. SW-620 cells neither elongated nor desaturated the incorporated GLA. The highest cytostatic effect was reached when GLA was not transformed into its metabolites, suggesting that the GLA toxicity to tumor cells is not dependent on metabolites but is due to GLA itself. (C) 1996 Academic Press, Inc.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation had no effect on body weight but reduced energy intake in overweight and obese women; Longer-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids may have greater appetite-suppressing effects than shorter-chain, monosaturated, and saturated fatty acids. Because fish oils are predominantly composed of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid and may assist in the treatment of obesity comorbidities, their effect on body weight and body mass index is of interest. We hypothesized that daily supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) rich oil would reduce energy intake and body weight in overweight and obese women compared with supplementation with oleic acid (OA) rich oil. A double-blinded, randomized, parallel intervention was conducted. Body mass index (in kilograms per meter squared), body weight (in kilograms), body fat (in percent), and lean tissue (in kilograms) were measured at baseline and 12 weeks after intervention with DHA or OA. Diet diaries were also completed at these time points for estimation of energy and macronutrient intake. Subjects reported significantly lower energy (P = .020), carbohydrate (g) (P = .037), and fat (g) (P = .045) intake after DHA compared with OA. Body mass or composition was not affected by treatment, although a fall in body weight in the DHA group approached statistical significance (P = .089). Daily ingestion of DHA over a 12-week period may reduce energy intake in overweight and obese females, but longer-term and adequately powered studies using subjects of both sexes are needed. Other factors that should be considered include the following: the choice of control, the body mass index category of subjects, and ways of improving the compliancy and accuracy of dietary assessment. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated rich fish oil supplementation on ovarian function and interferon stimulated genes in the repeat breeding cow; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) improve utero-ovarian functions and embryonic survival in postpartum dairy cows. Because early embryonic mortality is the major cause of repeat breeding (RB) in cows, there was investigation of the effect of dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFA [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] rich fish oil (FO) from - 2 to + 2 weeks of artificial insemination on the size of preovulatory follicle (POF), serum progesterone (P-4) and relative abundance of the mRNA of interferon stimulated genes (ISG) that encode for these proteins in the peripheral blood leukocytes (PBL) in the RB cow (n = 12). The diet of control group was supplemented with palm oil (PO). The results indicated serum concentrations of EPA and DHA were greater by 4.6- and 3.5-fold, respectively at the end of feeding study in the RB cows of the FO group. The diameter of POF was larger by 2.2 mm in FO group; however, serum P-4 did not vary from day 14-20 post-artificial insemination. Greater abundance of ISG mRNA transcripts such as ISG15, RTP4, Mx2 and OAS1 in the PBL of pregnant cows of FO group indicates day 20 conceptuses produced more IFN-tau. It is concluded that supplementation of FO during the breeding period increased the size of POF and enhanced the abundance of ISG mRNA transcripts in RB cows that became pregnant.
Facts on fats; Cardiovascular disease and age-related macular degeneration (AMD) may share common risk factors in their causal pathways. Decades of research from the cardiovascular sciences on fats have led investigators to focus on specific types of fats rather than total fat as a whole. They have established that saturated and trans-unsaturated fats (trans fats) are damaging to cardiovascular health while polyunsaturated fats, particularly the marine omega 3 fatty acids appear protective. This has led to a number of studies investigating the associations of fat and AMD. Though the causal relationship between fats and AMD remain unproven, some studies suggest that an association may be present. To be able to understand and interpret the study results and their implications, an understanding of the fats in the diet is important. This review aims to give an overview of fatty acids, particularly the trans-unsaturated fatty acids, and the relevant food groups.
Possible Health Effects of a Wax Ester Rich Marine Oil; The consumption of seafood and the use of fish oil for the production of nutraceuticals and fish feed have increased over the past decades due the high content of long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids. This increase has put pressure on the sustainability of fisheries. One way to overcome the limited supply of fish oil is to harvest lower in the marine food web. Calanus finmarchicus, feeding on phytoplankton, is a small copepod constituting a considerable biomass in the North Atlantic and is a novel source of omega-3 fatty acids. The oil is, however, different from other commercial marine oils in terms of chemistry and, possibly, bioactivity since it contains wax esters. Wax esters are fatty acids that are esterified with alcohols. In addition to the long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the oil is also rich in stearidonic acid (SDA), long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids, and the long-chain fatty alcohols eicosenol and docosenol. Recent animal studies have indicated antiinflammatory and anti-obesogenic actions of this copepod oil beyond that provided by EPA and DHA. This review will discuss potential mechanisms behind these beneficial effects of the oil, focusing on the impact of the various components of the oil. The health effects of EPA and DHA are well recognized, whereas long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids and long-chain fatty alcohols have to a large degree been overlooked in relation to human health. Recently, however the fatty alcohols have received interest as potential targets for improved health via conversion to their corresponding fatty acids. Together, the different lipid components of the oil from C. finmarchicus may have potential as nutraceuticals for reducing obesity and obesity-related metabolic disorders.
EPIDEMIOLOGIC EVIDENCE OF RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN DIETARY POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AND MORTALITY IN THE MULTIPLE RISK FACTOR INTERVENTION TRIAL; This evaluation of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial database investigated the effects of dietary PUFA on disease outcomes that may relate to polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biochemistry. The Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial was a randomized clinical trial in coronary heart disease (CHD) primary prevention involving 12,866 middle-aged men determined to be at high risk of CHD. They were assigned to either a special intervention group or a usual care group and returned to clinics on an annual basis for assessment of risk factor status. Only data on the usual care men (n = 6,250) are presented, since the multi-intervention effects on the special intervention group introduce considerable analytic complexities. Mean PUFA intake estimates were calculated from four dietary recall interviews at baseline and follow-up Years 1, 2, and 3 and estimates for PUFA were established using absolute grams, percentage of total kilocalories, and ratios. Proportional hazards regression analysis controlling for age, race and baseline diastolic blood pressure, smoking, high and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and alcohol was used to analyze dietary PUFA intakes on 10.5-year mortality rates. Results were more significant when PUFA were expressed as percentage of total kilocalories. No significant associations with mortality were detected for linoleic acid (18:2n-6), the predominant dietary PUFA. Significant inverse associations were observed for linolenic acid (18:3n-3) on mortality from CHD (P < 0.04), all cardiovascular diseases (CVD) (P < 0.03), and all cause mortality (P < 0.02); the sum of fatty acids primarily derived from fish oils (20:5n-3 + 22:5n-3 + 22:6n-3) on CHD (P < 0.02), CVD (P < 0.006), and all cause (P < 0.02) mortality; and, the ratio of 18:3n-3 to 18:2n-6 on cancer mortality (P < 0.05). Analysis using the total n-3 (18:3 + 20:5 + 22:5 + 22:6) to total n-6 (18:2 + 18:4 + 20:4) ratio was also significant on cancer mortality (P < 0.04). These findings support reports that n-3 fatty acids are protective against CVD and suggest that composition of dietary PUFA may influence CVD and cancer rates.
Membrane effects of the n-3 fish oil fatty acids, which prevent fatal ventricular arrhythmias; Fish oil fatty acids are known to exert beneficial effects on the heart and vascular systems. We have studied the membrane effects on ion channel conductance by the n-3 fish oil fatty acids that account for these beneficial effects. We have confirmed that these fatty acids prevent fatal cardiac arrhythmias in a reliable dog model of sudden cardiac death. This finding was followed by experiments indicating that the n-3 fatty acids electrically stabilize heart cells and do so largely through modulation of the fast voltage-dependent Na+ currents and the L-type Ca2+ channels in a manner, which makes the heart cells resistant to arrhythmias. Others and we have demonstrated that these membrane effects on the heart can prevent fatal cardiac arrhythimas in humans.
Arachidonate to saturated fatty acids ratio of circulating sterides and phospholipids: a risk factor of coronary stenosis? A tunisian study; The prevention and early diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases is a public health priority in Tunisia and actions are undertaken to evaluate biologic marquers in at risk populations.
THE FATTY-ACIDS OF PLATELETS AND RED-BLOOD-CELLS IN URBAN BLACK SOUTH AFRICANS WITH MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The occurrence of myocardial infarction (MI) in Black South Africans, while poorly documented, is believed by many to be approximately one-tenth that of White South Africans. Recently, this disease has been reported to be increasing in the urban Black South African population. In order to determine if variations in dietary habit within the urban black community are contributing to the disease occurrence, the fatty acid content of whole platelets and red blood cells (RBC) were measured in 25  urban Black Africans with documented history of MI. These values were compared to an asymptomatic Black African control group. Total saturated fatty acids were increased and total poylunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were decreased in the patient''s platelets. Stearic acid (18:0) was significantly increased and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3) was slightly but significantly decreased in the patient''s platelets. No difference was seen in the total saturated and total unsaturated fatty acid levels of red blood cells (RBCs). Only 20:5n-3 and 22:5n-3 were slightly but significantly decreased in the patient''s RBCs. Similarities in RBC fatty acids indicate that the progression of MI in this population may not be related solely to changes in dietary habits.
Flaxseed energy and macronutrients balance; Background/objectives: Flaxseed has functional properties in the reduction of the risk of chronic non-communicable diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer. Regardless of its high energy density, the consumption of flaxseed tends to promote body weight maintenance. The purpose of this study was to evaluate energy and macronutrient balance after flaxseed consumption.
Association of daily fish intake with serum non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and healthy lifestyle behaviours in apparently healthy males over the age of 50 years in Japanese: Implication for the anti-atherosclerotic effect of fish consumption; Background and aim: Higher fish consumption has been reported to be associated with a lower incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that higher fish intake may be associated with lower serum level of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDLC) levels, representing the entire dyslipidemia spectrum, and a healthy lifestyle.
Beneficial effects of modified egg on oxidative stress in F<sub>1</sub>-generation of metabolic syndrome-X induced Wistar rat; Congenital malformations of neonates are one of the adverse effects of diabetic pregnancy which can be prevented by supplementation of vitamin E and C. The survived neonates usually are at higher risk to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular diseases that may possibly be prevented through antioxidants administration. In view of this information, the efficacy of modified poultry egg enriched with optimum minerals, vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids was studied on F-1-generation, which were made to survive by feeding them this modified egg to diabetic mothers of Wistar rats. The survived F-1-generation displayed hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension like their parents, evaluated after three months of the experiment. Their mineral status revealed a higher Zn and lower Cu, Mg and Mn levels in liver and kidney. Their lipid peroxidation products were however higher and the enzyme activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione-S-transferase, glutathione reductase, glutathione (reduced) and glucose-6 phosphate dehydrogenase were significantly lower. In the other group of F-1-generation, fed modified egg mixed diet, a significant reduction in the blood pressure, serum glucose, serum lipid profile, and the lipid peroxidation products, and a significant increase in the activities of enzymes per se with reversal of Zn, Cu, Mg and Mn levels closer to the control group were recorded. The data suggest that the
Ferroptosis: a cell death connecting oxidative stress, inflammation and cardiovascular diseases; Ferroptosis, a recently identified and iron-dependent cell death, differs from other cell death such as apoptosis, necroptosis, pyroptosis, and autophagy-dependent cell death. This form of cell death does not exhibit typical morphological and biochemical characteristics, including cell shrinkage, mitochondrial fragmentation, nuclear condensation. The dysfunction of lipid peroxide clearance, the presence of redox-active iron as well as oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing phospholipids are three essential features of ferroptosis. Iron metabolism and lipid peroxidation signaling are increasingly recognized as central mediators of ferroptosis. Ferroptosis plays an important role in the regulation of oxidative stress and inflammatory responses. Accumulating evidence suggests that ferroptosis is implicated in a variety of cardiovascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, stroke, ischemia-reperfusion injury, and heart failure, indicating that targeting ferroptosis will present a novel therapeutic approach against cardiovascular diseases. Here, we provide an overview of the features, process, function, and mechanisms of ferroptosis, and its increasingly connected relevance to oxidative stress, inflammation, and cardiovascular diseases.
Components of the Mediterranean Diet with chemopreventive activity toward colorectal cancer; Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer incidence and death worldwide. For the past 30 years researchers have tried to find drugs suitable for the chemoprevention of the diseases. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated that adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) is protective toward colon cancer development. Key components of this diet are olive oil (OO), fruits and vegetables, legumes and fish. Importantly, many bioactives present in these foods have shown anti-cancer activity in in vitro as well as in animal models of colon carcinogenesis, indicating a possible use as preventive agents. However, when translated to human trials, single bioactives have yielded conflicting results mostly due to irreproducibility of pre-clinical data. Since our preclinical models are usually designed to test single molecules at high concentrations and for very short time in order to provide significant effects, future studies should employ multiple bioactives that would resemble a more natural approach with possible significant synergisms that might be critical for cancer prevention. In this review we will discuss data obtained with components of the MD with a specific focus on OO, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and apples.
Fish Oil Supplementation Lowers C-Reactive Protein Levels Independent of Triglyceride Reduction in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease; Background: Inflammation has been identified as a marker for cardiovascular disease. The purpose of this study is to examine the effects of fish oil fatty acid Supplementation on C-reactive protein (CRP) levels. Methods: The Study uses a double-blind, permuted-randomized, and placebo-controlled experimental protocol. Patients are randomly placed into a fish oil group or a control group. Thirty-three patients in the experimental and control groups ingest 2 soft-gel pills (1 g each) of fish oil supplements containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or placebo at each meal. Patients follow the supplementation protocol for 6 months. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) is used to measure pretest and posttest differences in the variable of interest. A Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for normality is used to test whether CRP levels are normally distributed. Results: The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for CRP finds a P Value of .273 (KS = .997), revealing that the distribution is normal. ANOXIA reveals no statistically significant difference between groups at baseline for CRP (F = 4.118, P = .053). ANOXIA reveals a significant main effect (F = 4.29, P = .048) for CRP, with the EPA/DHA group having a significant change in values from pretest (16 mg/dL, standard deviation [SD] = 13.80) to posttest (10.22 mg/dL, SD = 7.87). The placebo group's CRP levels do not change Significantly from pretest (13.37, standard deviation [SD] = 7.94) to posttest (13.67, SD = 7.07). An observed power calculation using Cohen's D with a computed alpha of .05 is .588. Conclusion's: The study demonstrates that consuming 960 mg/d of EPA and 600 mg/d of DHA can lower CRP. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2009;24:508-512)
INDIVIDUAL EFFECTS OF DIETARY SATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AND FISH OIL ON PLASMA-LIPIDS AND LIPOPROTEINS IN NORMAL MEN; Fish ingestion is associated with lower mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD). However, in some Western populations whose diets are rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs), CHD mortality is consistently high despite high fish consumption. To study this paradox, we fed six healthy men diets with two amounts of SFA (5% and 19% of energy) that also differed in total fat (25% and 39% of energy). Each fat amount was given with and without n-3 fatty acids (FAs) (2% of energy) for 3 wk. On both the low and high SFA diets the presence of n-3 FAs significantly lowered plasma total cholesterol, very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, (high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total triglyceride, and very-low-density-lipoprotein triglyceride. Compared with the high SFA diet, the low SFA diet decreased total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, and HDL-C. No interaction of SFA and n-3 FA was found. These results indicate that dietary SFAs and n-3 FAs have independent mechanisms of actions on the plasma lipids and lipoproteins. Optimal plasma lipids were produced by the diet low in SFA and high in n-3 FA.
Impact of Functional Foods on Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes; A healthy dietary pattern is a cornerstone for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Compelling scientific evidence has shown many health effects of individual foods (including herbs and spices), beverages, and their constituent nutrients and bioactive components on risk of chronic disease and associated risk factors. The focus of functional foods research that is reviewed herein has been on assessing the health effects and underlying mechanisms of action of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, dairy products including fermented products, legumes, nuts, green tea, spices, olive oil, seafood, red wine, herbs, and spices. The unique health benefits of these functional foods have been the basis for recommending their inclusion in a healthy dietary pattern. A better understanding of strategies for optimally including functional foods in a healthy dietary pattern will confer greater benefits on the prevention and treatment of CVD and T2DM.
Methanol Extract of <i>Coleus amboinicus</i> (Lour) Exhibited Antiproliferative Activity and Induced Programmed Cell Death in Colon Cancer Cell WiDr; Coleus amboinicus (Lour) (CA) has been reported to possess many pharmacological activities. In this study, evaluation of cytotoxicity using brine shrimp lethality bioassay and MTT assay using WiDr cell lines was carried out. The expression of several genes responsible for programmed cell death of the methanol extract of CA was also investigated. The morphology of the cells undergoing apoptosis was detected using Hoechst staining assay. The gene expression of BAX, BCL2, P53, Caspase 1, 7, 8, and 9 of treated samples with different concentrations (10, 15, 25 & 50 mu g/ml) were measured with RT PCR. The phytochemical profiles were investigated using LC MS. The results showed that the lethality concentration (LC50) of methanol extract using brine shrimp was 34.545 mu g/ml and the extract exhibited good antiproliferative activity against cancer cells WiDr with IC50 value (8.598 +/- 2.68 mu g/ml) as compared to standard drug 5-fluorouracil (IC50 value 1.839 +/- 0.03 mu g/ml). There was apoptotic evidences from the morphology of treated cells. The expressions of BAX, P53, and Caspase 9 were upregulated in lower concentration of the extract (10 and 15 mu g/ml) but downregulated in higher concentration (25 and 50 mu g/ml). BCL2 as anti-apoptotic gene was downregulated in all concentrations. Caspase 1 and Caspase 7 were upregulated in high concentration (25 and 50 mu g/ml), but downregulated in lower concentrations. These data provide a mode of cell death for the methanol extract of CA in low concentrations corresponding to apoptosis with intrinsic pathway. Many valuable compounds identified including caffeic acid, rosmarinic acid, malic acid, eicosapentanoic acid, benserazide, alpha-linolenic acid, betaine, Salvanolic B, 4-hydroxibenzoic acid and firulic acid have been previously reported as being active agents against many cancer cells. This study suggested that CA might become an effective ingredient for health-beneficial foods to prevent colon cancer.
The rote of ezetimibe in the prevention of cardiovascular disease: Where do we stand after ARBITER 6-HALTS; Ezetimibe, a selective inhibitor of intestinal cholesterol absorption, rapidly became one of the most widely drugs in the US following its approval by the FDA in 2002. Due to its capacity to significantly lower LDL-C with few side effects, ezetimibe has been very useful in enabling patients who were statin intolerant to reach their recommended therapeutic goal for LDL-C. In addition, ezetimibe also reduces non-HDL-C and raises HDL-C, further enhancing its effectiveness in clinical practice. A significant preponderance of evidence supports the reduction of LDL-C and non-HDL-C as the most effective therapy to prevent or reverse atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However 3 recent clinical trials, ENHANCE, SEAS, and ARBITER 6-HALTS have raised questions about the efficacy and safety of ezetimibe and have led to a re-examination of its clinical use as a drug for managing lipid risk factors to prevent or manage ASCVD. An in-depth analysis of these three trials reveals methodological deficiencies and concerns with the statistical methods used which significantly diminish their indictment of the clinical utility of ezetimibe. In contrast, The SANDS trial has confirmed the effectiveness of ezetimibe in managing both LDL-C and non-HDL-C, and also demonstrated this drug's ability to improve carotid atherosclerosis by producing regression of CIMT. One of the important conclusions of the SANDS Trail is that ezetimibe remains an effective adjunctive medication for use in patients who do not reach their LDL-C goals on statin monotherapy. However, as a significant residual risk for ASCVD remains even after aggressive goals for LDL-C and non-HDL-C are reached, current treatment strategies should emphasize managing of all cardiac risk factors and increasing HDL in addition to the attainment and maintenance of recommended goals for LDL-C and non-HDL-C. Hence, ezetimibe should be considered as an important component of broad-spectrum management of lipid risk factors with therapy that includes statins, niacin, bile acid sequestrants, fibrates and Omega 3 fatty acids in appropriate combinations in addition to therapeutic life change. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Effects of ADHD Therapies <i>JACC</i> Review Topic of the Week; Although the prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been stable over the past 3 decades, prescriptions of sympathomimetic stimulants have steadily increased in the United States. This study consisted of a systematic review of PubMed articles screened for ADHD medications and potential cardiovascular toxicity as well as nondrug strategies for managing ADHD. The cumulative body of data showed that ADHD medications cause modest elevations in resting heart rate and blood pressure. Other adverse effects reported with ADHD stimulants included arrhythmia, nonischemic cardiomyopathy, Takotsubo cardiomyopathy, and sudden death. However, such reports did not imply causation, and there was a paucity of randomized trial evidence addressing long-term safety of ADHD medications, particularly among adults. Further studies are essential to clarify the risks and benefits of ADHD stimulant medications and to explore nonpharmacological options, including regular exercise and omega-3 fatty acids, which could be helpful for improving ADHD symptoms. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Dietary perilla oil inhibits proinflammatory cytokine production in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of ovalbumin-challenged mice; To evaluate the anti-inflammatory effects of different dietary oils on ovalbumin-sensitized and -challenged mice. Experimental BALB/c mice were fed with different diets containing 5% corn oil [rich in linoleic acid, 18:2n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), as a control diet], 5% perilla oil (rich in alpha-linolenic acid, 18:3n-3 PUFA) or 5% compound oil containing 50% corn oil and 50% perilla oil, for 5 consecutive weeks. The leukocyte count, inflammatory mediators, and cytokine levels, including proinflammatory and Th1/Th2 cytokines in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) from the mice were determined. The results showed that 5% compound oil administration significantly (P < 0.05) decreased eosinophilic infiltration. Dietary perilla oil could not significantly (P > 0.05) decrease the eosinophil accumulation or the secretions of inflammatory mediators such as prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)), histamine, nitric oxide and eotaxin. However, dietary perilla oil significantly (P < 0.05) reduced proinflammatory cytokine (TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6) and Th1 cytokine (IFN-gamma and IL-2) production. The production of Th2 cytokine IL-10, but not IL-4 and IL-5, was also significantly inhibited by perilla oil administration. The results suggest that dietary perilla oil might alleviate inflammation via decreasing the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines in BALF, but failed to regulate the Th1/Th2 balance toward Th1 pole during the Th2-skewed allergic airway inflammation.
Effects of Dietary Inclusion of Oil Sources With or Without Vitamin E on Body Composition and Meat Oxidation Level in Broilers; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of rapeseed oil substitution and vitamin E supplemantation on performance and meat quality. 4 replacement levels of rapeseed oil with sunflower oil (0, 33.3, 66.7 and 100%) and 2 levels of vitamin E (0 (50 I. U. from vitamin premix) 300 mg/kg) in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement for a total of 8 treatments with 4 replicates each, containing 10 day-old male Ross 308 broilers, were examined in the experiment. Dietary treatments had no significant effect on carcass parameters, feed conversion (FCR) and mortality (p>0.05). However, a significant interaction was observed between oil replacement and vitamin E: the negative effect of 100% sunflower oil on BWG (p<0.01) was alleviated by the addition of vitamin E. On the other hand, inclusion of rapeseed oil improved BWG (p<0.01). Rapeseed oil substitution significantly increased amount of total n-3 PUFA and decreased n-6: n-3 ratio in thigh and breast meat (p<0.01). Vitamin E supplemantation contributed to deposition of n-3 PUFA (p<0.01). Replacement of rapeseed oil without vitamin E tended to increase (p<0.01) malonaldehyde production. However, the dietary supplementation of vitamin E markedly (p<0.01) decreased the susceptibility of meat to peroxidation. Inclusion of rapeseed oil did not cause any negative perception on olfactory, texture, and taste of broiler meat. So, it can be concluded that rapeseed oil substitution significantly increased n-3 PUFA deposition without altering performance and sensory properties of broiler meat and, vitamin E had strong potential to prevent the meat lipids from oxidation.
Low Sulfur Amino Acid, High Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Diet Inhibits Breast Cancer Growth; Cancer cells may acquire resistance to stress signals and reprogram metabolism to meet the energetic demands to support their high proliferation rate and avoid death. Hence, targeting nutrient dependencies of cancer cells has been suggested as a promising anti-cancer strategy. We explored the possibility of killing breast cancer (BC) cells by modifying nutrient availability. We used in vitro models of BC (MCF7 and MDA-MB-231) that were maintained with a low amount of sulfur amino acids (SAAs) and a high amount of oxidizable polyunsatured fatty acids (PUFAs). Treatment with anti-apoptotic, anti-ferroptotic and antioxidant drugs were used to determine the modality of cell death. We reproduced these conditions in vivo by feeding BC-bearing mice with a diet poor in proteins and SAAs and rich in PUFAs (LSAA/HPUFA). Western blot analysis, qPCR and histological analyses were used to assess the anti-cancer effects and the molecular pathways involved. We found that BC cells underwent oxidative damage to DNA and proteins and both apoptosis and ferroptosis were induced. Along with caspases-mediated PARP1 cleavage, we found a lowering of the GSH-GPX4 system and an increase of lipid peroxides. A LSAA/HPUFA diet reduced tumor mass and its vascularization and immune cell infiltration, and induced apoptosis and ferroptotic hallmarks. Furthermore, mitochondrial mass was found to be increased, and the buffering of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species limited GPX4 reduction and DNA damage. Our results suggest that administration of custom diets, targeting the dependency of cancer cells on certain nutrients, can represent a promising complementary option for anti-cancer therapy.
Responses to n-3 fatty acid (LCPUFA) supplementation of gestating gilts, and lactating and weaned sows; Feeding n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) to gilts or sows has shown different responses to litter growth, pre-weaning mortality and subsequent reproductive performance of the sow. Two hypotheses were tested: (1) that feeding a marine oil-based supplement rich in protected n-3 LCPUFAs to gilts in established gestation would improve the growth performance of their litters; and (2) that continued feeding of the supplement during lactation and after weaning would offset the negative effects of lactational catabolism induced, using an established experimental model involving feed restriction of lactating primiparous sows. A total of 117 primiparous sows were pair-matched at day 60 of gestation by weight, and when possible, litter of origin, and were allocated to be either control sows (CON) fed standard gestation and lactation diets, or treated sows (LCPUFA) fed the standard diets supplemented with 84 g/day of a n-3 LCPUFA rich supplement, from day 60 of first gestation, through a 21-day lactation, and until euthanasia at day 30 of their second gestation. All sows were feed restricted during the last 7 days of lactation to induce catabolism, providing a background challenge against which to determine beneficial effects of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation on subsequent reproduction. In the absence of an effect on litter size or birth weight, n-3 LCPUFA tended to improve piglet BW gain from birth until 34 days after weaning (P = 0.06), while increasing pre-weaning mortality (P = 0.05). It did not affect energy utilization by the sow during lactation, thus not improving the catabolic state of the sows. Supplementation from weaning until day 30 of second gestation did not have an effect on embryonic weight, ovulation rate or early embryonic survival, but did increase corpora lutea (CL) weight (P = 0.001). Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels were increased in sow serum and CL (P < 0.001), whereas only DHA levels increased in embryos (P < 0.01). In conclusion, feeding n-3 LCPUFA to gilts tended to improve litter growth, but did not have an effect on overall subsequent reproductive performance.
Targeting platelets for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease; Platelets play an important role in the development of thrombosis, atherosclerosis, hypertension, heart attack and stroke. As a result, pharmacologic interventions that influence platelet functions, such as adhesion, aggregation and the release of different factors, are considered useful for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease. Although classical anti-platelet agents have proven beneficial effects for the treatment of some specific cardiovascular diseases, there are limitations for their use as these drugs target platelet function directly. In contrast, newly developed anti-platelet agents have broad applications for the treatment of cardiovascular disease as they not only influence platelet function but are also considered to affect cardiac and vascular smooth muscle cell functions. Natural food products and nutraceutical agents also appear to modify cardiovascular abnormalities by affecting various platelet functions; however the mechanisms of their actions remain to be investigated. Accordingly, this article is focused to discuss emerging pharmacologic, nutritional and nutraceutical interventions that may influence the prevention or progression of a broad range of cardiovascular diseases.
FISH OILS AND THEIR POSSIBLE ROLE IN THE TREATMENT OF CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASES; The multifactorial origin of arteriosclerotic cardiovascular diseases is well recognized. It recently has been shown that n-3 fatty acids (FA), contained in fish oils, may correct some of the most important cardiovascular risk factors and may interfere with key steps in the formation of the atherosclerotic plaque. These findings have raised such interest that many reports have been published with somewhat conflicting results. In hypertensive patients, randomized controlled studies have confirmed that n-3 FA may reduce systolic blood pressure by 5 mmHg and diastolic by 4 mmHg. The decrease in pressure, which could be larger if dietary sodium restriction is added, is probably due to the shift of balance between vasoconstrictive and vasodilator eicosanoids toward vasodilatation. n-3 FA correct endogenous hypertriglyceridemia, but the effects on low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol are less clear cut, since an increase in low-density lipoprotein and a decrease in high-density lipoprotein may be observed in selected patients. As far as the glucose metabolism in patients with diabetes mellitus is concerned, inhibition of the beta cell by n-3 FA has been reported. n-3 FA reduce platelet aggregation, blood viscosity, plasma levels of fibrinogen, PF4 and beta-thromboglobulin and increase capillary flow and red cell membrane fluidity, but their long-term effects on cardiovascular mortality are largely unknown. Medium-term studies, however, have shown a decreased risk of myocardial reinfarction and of restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty with n-3 FA supplementation. Pure, highly concentrated triglycerides and ethyl esters of n-3 FA are available and will allow further investigations on the dose-response ratio in humans.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Provoke Apoptosis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma through Knocking Down the STAT3 Activated Signaling Pathway: In Vivo and In Vitro Study; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common type of liver cancer and is a leading cause of death worldwide. Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) is involved in HCC progression, migration, and suppression of apoptosis. This study investigates the apoptotic effect of the dietary antioxidant (n-3 PUFAs) on HepG2 cells and analyzes the underlying molecular mechanisms of this effect both in vivo and in vitro. In vivo study: Seventy-five adult male albino rats were divided into three groups (n = 25): Group I (control): 0.9% normal saline, intraperitoneal. Group II: N-Nitrosodiethylamine (200 mg/kg b.wt) intraperitoneal, followed by phenobarbital 0.05% in drinking water. Group III: as group II followed by n-3 PUFAs intubation (400 mg/kg/day). In vivo study: liver specimens for biochemical, histopathological, and immunohistochemical examination. In vitro study: MTT assay, cell morphology, PCR, Western blot, and immunohistochemical analysis. n-3 PUFAs significantly improved the histopathologic features of HCC and decreased the expression of anti-apoptotic proteins. Further, HepG2 cells proliferation was suppressed through inhibition of the STAT3 signaling pathway, cyclin D1, and Bcl-2 activity. Here we report that n-3 PUFAs may be an ideal cancer chemo-preventive candidate by targeting STAT3 signaling, which is involved in cell proliferation and apoptosis.
Investigating the impact of human blood metabolites on the Sepsis development and progression: a study utilizing two-sample Mendelian randomization; Background: Existing data suggests a potential link between human blood metabolites and sepsis, yet the precise cause-and-effect relationship remains elusive. By using a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis, this study aims to establish a causal link between human blood metabolites and sepsis.
FISH AND FISH OIL INTAKE - EFFECT ON HEMATOLOGICAL VARIABLES RELATED TO CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; To investigate the effects of practical amounts of n-3 highly-unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) on a number of parameters involved in haemostasis, 12 healthy men were fed three diets in a 3x3 cross-over design.  The diets, fed as the evening meal for 6-week periods, were:  Control diet (essentially fish-free), Fish diet (200 g/d of lean Australian fish flesh) and the same fish-based diet but supplemented with 5 g/d fish oil (Fish+Oil).  The diets supplied about 0, 0.6, and 2.0 g n-3 HUFA/d, respectively.  Relative to the Control diet, the number of circulating leukocytes was significantly reduced after both the Fish and Fish+Oil diets (by 13% and 15%, respectively).  This reduction occurred in the number of neutrophils, although this did not reach significance on the Fish diet alone.  Platelet count fell on the Fish+Oil diet (by 6%) but not on the Fish diet alone.  There was an apparent enhancement of fibrinolytic potential after both fish-containing diets, which tended to be accentuated with the fish oil supplementation.  The mechanisms underlying some if not all of these observations may be eicosanoid-mediated as indicated by a diminution in the platelet arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) to eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) ratios after the Fish+Oil (13.7 +/- 1.8) and Fish (34.4 +/- 8.9) diets relative to the Control diet (66.1 +/- 15.6).  These data suggest that a practical amount of lean fish can improve certain haematological parameters implicated in the etiology of cardiovascular disease.
Depletion of linoleate induced by weight cycling is independent of extent of calorie restriction; Recent epidemiological studies have suggested that weight cycling induced by repeated dieting over time may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. It is speculated that the increased mortality from coronary heart disease for people with a history of excessive weight cycling could be attributed to change in lipid metabolism. Previous studies have demonstrated that repeated cycling of 100% food restriction followed by ad libitum refeeding caused a depletion of linoleate and alpha-linolenate in rats. The objective of the present study was to test the hypothesis that the weight cycling-induced reduction in linoleate and alpha-linolenate is independent of extent of calorie restriction. Two consecutive weight cycles in three experiments were induced by 100% calorie restriction, 60% calorie restriction, and 36% calorie restriction, respectively, followed by ad libitum refeeding. As the consequence of the two weight cycles, linoleate and linolenate were decreased, whereas myristate, palmitate, and palmitoleate were proportionally increased in carcass and adipose tissue lipids. The results of all three experiments showed a preferential depletion of linoleate and alpha-linolenate without changes in final body weight, total body fat, and adipose tissue pads in the weight-cycled rats. In addition, the triacylglycerol species profile in the adipose tissue of weight-cycled rats was significantly remodeled, with a proportional depletion of linoleate-enriched triacylglycerol species (LLL, LLO, and LLP where L, O, and P are linoleic, oleic, and palmitic acid, respectively) and a proportional accumulation of palmitate-enriched triacylglycerol species (OPPo, PPPo, and PPP, where Po is palmitoleic acid). We conclude that weight cycling changes the ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids and remodels the adipose tissue triacylglycerol species profile in rats.
The traditional diet of Greece and cancer; The term 'Mediterranean diet, implying that all Mediterranean people have the same diet, is a misnomer. The countries around the Mediterranean basin have different diets, religions and cultures. Their diets differ in the amount of total fat, olive oil, type of meat, wine, milk, cheese, fruits and vegetables; and the rates of coronary heart disease and cancer, with the lower death rates and longer life expectancy occurring in Greece. The diet of Crete represents the traditional diet of Greece prior to 1960. Analyses of the dietary pattern of the diet of Crete shows a number of protective substances, such as selenium, glutathione, a balanced ratio of n-6/n-3 essential fatty acids (EFA), high amounts of fibre, antioxidants (especially resveratrol from wine and polyphenols from olive oil), vitamins E and C, some of which have been shown to be associated with lower risk of cancer, including cancer of the breast. Epidemiological studies and animal experiments indicate that n-3 fatty acids exert protective effects against some common cancers, especially cancers of the breast, colon and prostate. Many mechanisms are involved, including suppression of neoplastic transformation, cell growth inhibition, and enhanced apoptosis and anti-angiogenicity, through the inhibition of eicosanoid production from n-6 fatty acids; and suppression of cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2), interleukin 1 (IL-1) and IL-6 gene expression by n-3 fatty acids. Recent intervention studies in breast cancer patients indicate that n-3 fatty acids, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in particular, increase the response to chemopreventive agents. In patients with colorectal cancer, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA decrease cell proliferation, and modulate favourably the balance between colonic cell proliferation and apoptosis. These findings should serve as a strong incentive for the initiation of intervention trials that will test the effect of specific dietary patterns in the prevention and management of patients with cancer. (C) 2004 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Plasma choline, homocysteine and vitamin status in healthy adults supplemented with krill oil: a pilot study; Plasma concentrations of metabolites along the choline oxidation and tryptophan degradation pathways have been linked to lifestyle diseases and dietary habits. This study aimed to investigate how krill oil, a source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with a high phosphatidylcholine content, affected these parameters. The pilot study was conducted as a 28 days intervention in 17 healthy volunteers (18-36 years), who received a supplement of 4.5 g krill oil per day, providing 833 mg omega-3 PUFAs, and 1750 mg phosphatidylcholine. Krill oil supplementation increased fasting plasma choline (+28.4%, p < .001), betaine (+26.6%, p < .001), dimethylglycine (+33.7%, p < .001) and sarcosine (+16.8%, p < .001), whereas no statistically significant changes were seen for plasma glycine, serine, methionine, total homocysteine, cysteine, cystathionine, methionine sulfoxide, folate, cobalamin, B-2-, B-3-, and B-6 vitamers, tryptophan, kynurenines, nicotinamide, vitamin A and vitamin E. In summary, krill oil supplementation influenced choline metabolite levels, but not plasma metabolites of the tryptophan-kynurenine-nicotinamide pathways and vitamins. These observations should be confirmed in a placebo-controlled trial, including an omega-3 PUFA supplement without phospholipids to explore the potential additive effects of the different active ingredients.
Health Benefits of Oily Fish: Illustrated with Blue Shark (<i>Prionace glauca</i>), Shortfin Mako Shark (<i>Isurus oxyrinchus</i>), and Swordfish (<i>Xiphias gladius</i>); Oily fish is a rich source of energy, proteins, essential amino acids, lipids, vitamins, and minerals. Among the macronutrients with the highest contribution are lipids, mainly long-chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 LC-PUFA), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Both EPA and DHA play a beneficial role in promoting health and preventing many diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, such as stroke and acute myocardial infarction. They also contribute to the prevention of neurological, metabolic, and immune-system-related diseases, as well as supporting body-weight control. Oily fish consumption is also important at different stages of human life, from conception to old age. For example, DHA plays an important role in brain and retina development during fetal development and in the first two years of life, as it positively influences neurodevelopment, such as visual acuity, and cognitive functions. In contrast with the possible health benefits of the intake of oily fish, the presence of certain chemical pollutants, for example, heavy metals, can be a risk for the health of consumers, mainly in sensitive population groups such as pregnant women and children under 2 years of age. The presence of these pollutants is influenced to a greater extent by fish species, their role in the trophic chain, and their size. However, various studies state that the benefits outweigh the risk of consuming certain species. This review will be focused on the health benefits of the intake of three oily fish species, namely blue shark (Prionace glauca), shortfin mako shark (Isurus oxyrinchus), and swordfish (Xiphias gladius).
Dietary (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids inhibit ischemia and reperfusion arrhythmias and infarction in rat heart not enhanced by ischemic preconditioning; Ischernicipreconclitioning (IPC) and (n-3) PUFA are both cardioprotective. This study compared effects of dietary fish oil, I PC, and their interactions on heart function and injury during myocardial ischemia and reperfusion. Male Wistar rats were fed diets containing 10% wt:wt fat comprising either 7% high-docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [22:6(n-3)]tuna fish oil + 3% olive oil [(n-3) PUFA];5% sunflower seed oil + 5% olive oil [(n-6) PUFA]; or 7% beef tallow + 3% olive oil [saturated fat (SF)] for 6 wk. In control experiments, isolated perfused hearts were subjected to 30-min regional ischemia and reperfused for 120 min. The IPC hearts were subjected to 3 cycles of 5-min global ischemia before the ischemia and reperfusion. Control (n-3) PUFA hearts had significantly lower heart rate, coronary flow, end diastolic pressure, maximum relaxation rate, and ischemic and reperfusion arrhythmias. In reperfusion, they had greater developed pressure and maximum relaxation rate and smaller infarct (10.9 +/- 0.6% ischemic zone, n = 6) than (n-6) PUFA (47.4 +/- 0.3%, n = 6) or SF (50.3 +/- 0.3%, n = 6). Compared with control, IPC significantly improved heart function and reduced infarct in (n-6) PUFA (11.8 +/- 0.4%, n = 6) and SF hearts (13.1 +/- 0.1%, n = 6). Heart function and infarct [(n-3) PUFA 9.6 +/- 0.1%, n = 6] did not differ among dietary IPC groups. Arrhythmias, significantly reduced by IPC in (n-6) PUFA and SF hearts, were significantly lower in (n-3) PUFA IPC hearts. Dietary fish oil induces a form of preconditioning, nutritional preconditioning, limiting ischemic cardiac injury, and myocardial infarction and endows cardioprotection as powerful as IPC, which provides no additional protection in (n-3) PUFA hearts.
Nutrition and the risk of stroke; Poor nutrition in the first year of a mother's life and undemutrition in utero, infancy, childhood, and adulthood predispose individuals to stroke in later life, but the mechanism of increased stroke risk is unclear. Ovemutrition also increases the risk of stroke, probably by accelerating the development of obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, and diabetes. Reliable evidence suggests that dietary supplementation with antioxidant vitamins, B vitamins, and calcium does not reduce the risk of stroke. Less reliable evidence suggests that stroke can be prevented by diets that are prudent, aligned to the Mediterranean or DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diets, low in salt and added sugars, high in potassium, and meet, but do not exceed, energy requirements. Trials in progress are examining the effects of vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on incidence of stroke. Future challenges include the need to improve the quality of evidence linking many nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns to the risk of stroke.
Oleic acid, hydroxytyrosol and <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids collectively modulate colitis through reduction of oxidative stress and IL-8 synthesis; <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i> studies; Our recent study has demonstrated that medium chain triglycerides (MCT) and monounsaturated fatty acids potentiate the beneficial effects of fish oil on risk factors of cardiovascular disease. In the present study, we have investigated the influence of MCT or olive oil on the protective and mucosal healing ability of fish oil in ulcerative colitis using cell simulation and animal models. Caco-2 cells grown in medium chain fatty acids enriched medium has exaggerated t-butyl hydroperoxide induced cell damage, GSH depletion, and IL-1 beta induced IL-8 synthesis, compared to the cells grown in oleic acid & hydroxytyrosol (OT) enriched medium. Further, combined treatment of cells with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and OT has remarkably attenuated the cell damage, and IL-8 synthesis, compared to individual treatments. To evaluate the effect of these lipid formulations in vivo, adult Wistar rats were fed diet enriched with high amount of medium chain triglycerides (MCT), virgin olive oil, or their combination with fish oil. Colitis was induced in rats using dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) for 7days followed by 10-days of recovery period. Rats of MCT group exhibit severe disease activity, higher levels of inflammatory cytokines in the colon compared to the olive oil group. Furthermore, there was persistent body weight loss, loose stools, higher levels of inflammatory cytokines in the rats of MCT group, even after DSS was withdrawn from drinking water. Conversely, fish oil has remarkably attenuated the DSS induced alterations in both MCT and olive oil diet groups with significantly greater effect in the olive oil group. Thus, MCT increase the susceptibility to colitis through oxidative damage and IL-8 synthesis in intestinal epithelial cells. The beneficial effects of virgin olive oil could be partially attributed to hydroxytyrosol. Combined treatment of hydroxytyrosol, oleic acid and n-3 fatty acids exhibit huge therapeutic benefits in colitis. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of the vegetarian diet on non-communicable diseases; A vegetarian diet generally includes plenty of vegetables and fruits, which are rich in phytochemicals, antioxidants, fiber, magnesium, vitamins C and E, Fe3+, folic acid and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and is low in cholesterol, total fat and saturated fatty acid, sodium, Fe2+, zinc, vitamin A, B-12 and D, and especially n-3 PUFA. Mortality from all-cause, ischemic heart disease, and circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases was significantly lower in vegetarians than in omnivorous populations. Compared with omnivores, the incidence of cancer and type 2 diabetes was also significantly lower in vegetarians. However, vegetarians have a number of increased risk factors for non-communicable diseases such as increased plasma homocysteine, mean platelet volume and platelet aggregability compared with omnivores, which are associated with low intake of vitamin B-12 and n-3 PUFA. Based on the present data, it would seem appropriate for vegetarians to carefully design their diet, specifically focusing on increasing their intake of vitamin B-12 and n-3 PUFA to further reduce already low mortality and morbidity from non-communicable diseases. (c) 2013 Society of Chemical Industry
Cost-effective recruitment methods for a large randomised trial in people with diabetes: A Study of Cardiovascular Events iN Diabetes (ASCEND); Background: Clinical trials require cost-effective methods for identifying, randomising, and following large numbers of people in order to generate reliable evidence. ASCEND (A Study of Cardiovascular Events iN Diabetes) is a randomised '2 x 2 factorial design' study of aspirin and omega-3 fatty acid supplements for the primary prevention of cardiovascular events in people with diabetes; this study used central disease registers and a mailbased approach to identify, randomise, and follow 15,000 people. In collaboration with UK consultants and general practitioners (GPs), researchers identified potentially eligible people with diabetes from centrally held registers (e.g. for retinopathy screening) and GP-held disease registers. Permission was obtained under section 251 of the National Health Service Act 2006 (previously section 60 of the NHS act 2001) to allow invitation letters to be generated centrally in the name of the holder of the register. In addition, with the collaboration of the National Institutes for Health Research (NIHR) Diabetes and Primary Care Research Networks (DRN and PCRN), general practices sent pre-assembled invitation packs to people with a diagnosis of diabetes. Invitation packs included a cover letter, screening questionnaire (with consent form), information leaflet, and a Freepost envelope. Eligible patients entered a 2-month, pre-randomisation, run-in phase on placebo tablets and were only randomised if they completed a randomisation form and remained willing and eligible at the end of the run-in. Follow-up is ongoing, using mail-based approaches that are being supplemented by central registry data.
Vitamin D intake and risk of cardiovascular disease in US men and women; Background: Although studies have linked vitamin D deficiency to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), evidence regarding whether vitamin D intake from foods or supplements is prospectively associated with lower CVD risk in healthy humans is limited and inconclusive.
CHRONIC EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS (FISH OIL) IN A RAT 5/6 RENAL ABLATION MODEL; It has been proposed that fish oil dietary supplementation in the chronic rat 5/6 renal ablation model may be either protective or toxic.  These conflicting hypotheses were tested in rats who underwent renal ablation or sham surgery.  Twenty rats received sham surgery, and 40 received 5/6 renal ablation.  All rats were fed a regular laboratory diet up to 1 week postsurgery.  At that time, one half of the renal ablation group was provided with an isocaloric diet supplemented with 24% MaxEPA (fish oil), 1% safflower oil, and antioxidants.  The renal ablation rats developed hypertension, albuminuria, gammaglobulinuria, and a decline in glomerular filtration rate, which was less in the fish oil group compared with that in the regular laboratory diet group at 10 and 20 wk postsurgery.  The fish oil renal oblation rats had significantly less glomerulosclerosis than did the regular laboratory diet renal ablation animals, and no more glomerular fibrin deposition than did the sham controls.  The renal ablation regular laboratory diet rats had a significant dyslipidemia at 20 wk which was prevented in the fish oil renal ablation cohort.  The fish oil renal ablation rats also demonstrated a significant decline in renal tissue arachidonic acid incorporation and a concomitant increase in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid incorporation.  The mortality of the renal ablation group was greater than that of the sham controls but not significantly different for the fish oil or the regular laboratory diet groups.  These results support the hypothesis that the fish oil diet containing specific antioxidant, vitamin E, and essential fatty acid supplementation is protective in the rat remnant nephron model and prevents the evolution of glomerulosclerosis with associated renal functional impairment, while preserving glomerular filtration.
New Perspectives on Atherogenic Dyslipidaemia and Cardiovascular Disease; Over the past few decades, atherogenic dyslipidaemia has become one of the most common phenotypic presentations of lipid abnormalities, being strongly and unequivocally associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Despite the excellent results achieved from statin and non-statin management of LDL cholesterol and CV events prevention, there still remains a significant residual risk, associated with the prevalence of non-LDL cholesterol lipid patterns characterised by elevated triglyceride levels, low HDL cholesterol, a preponderance of small and dense LDL particles, accumulation of remnant lipoproteins and postprandial hyperlipidaemia. These qualitative and quantitative lipid modifications are largely associated with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and obesity, the prevalence of which has grown to epidemic proportions throughout the world. In this review, we analyse the pathophysiology of this particular dyslipidaemia, its relationship with the development of atherosclerotic CV disease and, finally, briefly describe the therapeutic approaches, including changes in lifestyle and current pharmacological interventions to manage these lipid alterations aimed at preventing CV events.
The Impacts of Cholesterol, Oxysterols, and Cholesterol Lowering Dietary Compounds on the Immune System; Cholesterol and its oxidized forms, oxysterols, are ingested from foods and are synthesized de novo. Cholesterol and oxysterols influence molecular and cellular events and subsequent biological responses of immune cells. The amount of dietary cholesterol influence on the levels of LDL cholesterol and blood oxysterols plays a significant role in the induction of pro-inflammatory state in immune cells, leading to inflammatory disorders, including cardiovascular disease. Cholesterol and oxysterols synthesized de novo in immune cells and stroma cells are involved in immune homeostasis, which may also be influenced by an excess intake of dietary cholesterol. Dietary compounds such as beta-glucan, plant sterols/stanols, omega-3 lipids, polyphenols, and soy proteins, could lower blood cholesterol levels by interfering with cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Such dietary compounds also have potential to exert immune modulation through diverse mechanisms. This review addresses current knowledge about the impact of dietary-derived and de novo synthesized cholesterol and oxysterols on the immune system. Possible immunomodulatory mechanisms elicited by cholesterol-lowering dietary compounds are also discussed.
The role of diet in multiple sclerosis; Multiple sclerosis is a demyelinating disease of the central nervous system, occurs most commonly in adults between 20 and 40 years of age. Etiology of this disease is still not known, and one of the analyzed environmental factors is food.
Polyunsaturated (n-3) fatty acids susceptible to peroxidation are increased in plasma and tissue lipids of rats fed docosahexaenoic acid-containing oils; Docosahexaenoic acid [DHA, 22:6(n-3)], a major component of membrane phospholipids in brain and retina, is profoundly susceptible to oxidative stress in vitro. The extent of this peroxidation in organs when DHA is ingested in mammals, however, is not well elucidated. We investigated the effect of dietary DHA-containing oils (DHA 7.0-7.1 mol/100 mol total fatty acids), in the form of triacylglycerols (TG), ethyl esters (EE) and phospholipids (PL), on tissue lipid metabolism and lipid peroxidation in rats. Groups of Sprague-Dawley rats were fed semipurified diets containing 15 g/100 g test oils and were compared with those fed 80% palm oil and 20% soybean oil as the control (unsupplemented group) for 3 wk. The DHA oil diets markedly increased (P < 0.05) the levels of DHA in the plasma, liver and kidney, 1.5-1.9, 2.5-3.8 and 2.2-2.5 times the control values, respectively, whereas there was a concomitant reduction (P < 0.05) in arachidonic acid. All forms of DHA oil caused lower TG concentrations in plasma (P < 0.05) and liver (P < 0.05), but had no effect in kidney. The DHA oil-fed rats had greater phospholipid hydroperoxide accumulations in plasma (191-192% of control rats), liver (170-230%) and kidney (250-340%), whereas the a-tocopherol level was reduced concomitantly (21-73% of control rats). Consistent with these results, rats fed DHA-containing oils had more thiobarbituric reactive substances in these organs than the controls. Thus, high incorporation of (n-3) fatty acids (mainly DHA) into plasma and tissue lipids due to DHA-containing oil ingestion may undesirably affect tissues by enhancing susceptibility of membranes to lipid peroxidation and by disrupting the antioxidant system.
The Role of Chemerin in Metabolic and Cardiovascular Disease: A Literature Review of Its Physiology and Pathology from a Nutritional Perspective; Chemerin is a novel adipokine that plays a major role in adipogenesis and lipid metabolism. It also induces inflammation and affects insulin signaling, steroidogenesis and thermogenesis. Consequently, it likely contributes to a variety of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, including atherosclerosis, diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. This review describes its origin and receptors, as well as its role in various diseases, and subsequently summarizes how nutrition affects its levels. It concludes that vitamin A, fat, glucose and alcohol generally upregulate chemerin, while omega-3, salt and vitamin D suppress it. Dietary measures rather than drugs acting as chemerin receptor antagonists might become a novel tool to suppress chemerin effects, thereby potentially improving the aforementioned diseases. However, more detailed studies are required to fully understand chemerin regulation.
Effects of feeding flaxseed or sunflower-seed in high-forage diets on beef production, quality and fatty acid composition; Yearling steers were fed 70:30 forage:concentrate diets for 205 d, with either grass hay (GH) or red clover silage (RC) as the forage source, and concentrates containing either sunflower-seed (SS) or flaxseed (FS), each providing 5.4% oil to diets. Feeding diets containing SS versus FS significantly improved growth and carcass attributes (P < 0.05), significantly reduced meat off-flavor intensity (P < 0.05), and significantly increased intramuscular proportions of vaccenic (t11-18:1), rumenic (c9,t11-CLA) and n-6 fatty acids (FA, P < 0.05). Feeding diets containing FS versus SS produced significantly darker and redder meat with greater proportions of atypical dienes (P < 0.05). A significant forage x oilseed type interaction (P < 0.05) was found for n-3 FA, alpha-linolenic acid, and conjugated linolenic acid, with their greatest intramuscular proportions found when feeding the RC-FS diet. Feeding GH versus RC also significantly improved growth and carcass attributes, sensory tenderness (P < 0.05) and significantly influenced intramuscular FA composition (P < 0.05), but overall, forage effects on FA profiles were limited compared to effects of oilseed. Crown Copyright (c) 2013 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute Lung Injury Is Reduced in <i>fat</i>-<i>1</i> Mice Endogenously Synthesizing n-3 Fatty Acids; Rationale: Acute lung injury (ALI) remains an important cause of mortality in intensive care units. Inflammation is controlled by cytokines and eicosanoids derived from the n-6 fatty acid (FA) arachidonic acid (AA). The n-3 FA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and mediators derived from EPA and DHA possess reduced inflammatory potency.
Intervention with fish oil, but not with docosahexaenoic acid, results in lower levels of hepatic soluble epoxide hydrolase with time in apoE knockout mice; Long-chain n-3 PUFA from fish oil protect against death from CHID but mechanisms are not well understood. Preliminary results indicate that fish oil may affect the enzyme soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) and influence inflammatory pathways in a time-dependent manner. In the present study male apoE knockout (Apoe(-/-)) mice were randomised to three dietary groups receiving a high-fat high-cholesterol diet supplemented with 2% (w/w) high-oleic acid sunflower-seed (HOSF) oil, DHA oil or fish oil. Livers and proximal aortas were collected on day 2 and on weeks 1, 2, 4 and 10 to determine hepatic sEH levels, hepatic fatty acid composition, hepatic proteome and atherosclerotic plaque size in the aortic root. Intervention with fish oil, but not with DHA, resulted in significantly lower levels of hepatic sEH levels with time compared with HOSF oil. DHA and fish oil caused differential regulation of thirty-five hepatic proteins which were mainly involved in lipoprotein metabolism and oxidative stress. All mice developed atherosclerosis without differences in plaque size between the three groups. Thus EPA may be responsible for lowering levels of hepatic sEH and both fish oil and DHA could beneficially affect lipoprotein metabolism and oxidative stress.
Effect of Dietary Fatty Acids on Human Lipoprotein Metabolism: A Comprehensive Update; Dyslipidemia is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Dietary fatty-acid composition regulates lipids and lipoprotein metabolism and may confer CVD benefit. This review updates understanding of the effect of dietary fatty-acids on human lipoprotein metabolism. In elderly participants with hyperlipidemia, high n-3 polyunsaturated fatty-acids (PUFA) consumption diminished hepatic triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) secretion and enhanced TRL to low-density lipoprotein (LDL) conversion. n-3 PUFA also decreased TRL-apoB-48 concentration by decreasing TRL-apoB-48 secretion. High n-6 PUFA intake decreased very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations by up-regulating VLDL lipolysis and uptake. In a study of healthy subjects, the intake of saturated fatty-acids with increased palmitic acid at the sn-2 position was associated with decreased postprandial lipemia. Low medium-chain triglyceride may not appreciably alter TRL metabolism. Replacing carbohydrate with monounsaturated fatty-acids increased TRL catabolism. Trans-fatty-acid decreased LDL and enhanced high-density lipoprotein catabolism. Interactions between APOE genotype and n-3 PUFA in regulating lipid responses were also described. The major advances in understanding the effect of dietary fatty-acids on lipoprotein metabolism has centered on n-3 PUFA. This knowledge emphasizes the importance of regulating lipoprotein metabolism as a mode to improve plasma lipids and potentially CVD risk. Additional studies are required to better characterize the cardiometabolic effects of other dietary fatty-acids.
Docosahexaenoic acid increases the expression of oxidative stress-induced growth inhibitor 1 through the PI3K/Akt/Nrf2 signaling pathway in breast cancer cells; Oxidative stress-induced growth inhibitor 1 (OSGIN1), a tumor suppressor, inhibits cell proliferation and induces cell death. N-6 and n-3 PUFAs protect against breast cancer, but the molecular mechanisms of this effect are not clear. We investigated the effect of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs on OSGINI expression and whether OSGIN1 is involved in PUFA-induced apoptosis in breast cancer cells. We used 100 mu M of n-6 PUFAs including arachidonic acid, linoleic acid, and gamma-linolenic acid and n-3 PUFAs including alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Only DHA significantly induced OSGIN1 protein and mRNA expression. DHA triggered reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation and nuclear translocation of Nrf2. LY294002, a PI3K inhibitor, suppressed DHA-induced OSGIN1 protein expression and nuclear accumulation of Nrf2. Nrf2 knockdown attenuated DHA-induced OSGINI expression. N-Acetyl-L-cysteine, a ROS scavenger, abrogated the DHA-induced increases in Akt phosphorylation, Nrf2 nuclear accumulation, and OSGINI expression. DHA induced the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, mitochondrial accumulation of OSGIN1 and p53, and cytochrome c release; knockdown of OSGINI diminished these effects. In conclusion, induction of OSGINI by DHA is at least partially associated with increased ROS production, which activates PI3K/Akt/Nrf2 signaling. Induction of OSGINI may be involved in DHA-induced apoptosis in breast cancer cells. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutraceuticals with lipid-lowering activity: do they have any effect beyond cholesterol reduction?; A large number of nutraceuticals with lipid-lowering activity are currently available on the market, however, for most of them, it is not known whether the lipid-lowering activity is associated with a concrete reduction in cardiovascular disease risk. The aim of this review is to evaluate whether the most commonly used lipid-lowering nutraceuticals (i.e., soluble fibers, phytosterols, garlic, soy proteins, monacolins, policosanols, berberine and n-3 fatty acids) also have some positive effects on other cardiovascular disease risk factors, on instrumental biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk or the risk of cardiovascular events. Beyond red yeast rice and n-3 fatty acids, whose use was related to a significant and reliable decrease in cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality, no evidence is available that demonstrates a preventive effect of lipid-lowering nutraceuticals on hard cardiovascular outcomes. However, for berberine and soluble fibers, the evidence of a positive multimetabolic effect is growing, contributing to a better control of both glucose and lipids values that consequently could be useful in the management of metabolic syndrome.
Longitudinal relationship of diet and oxidative stress with depressive symptoms in patients with metabolic syndrome after following a weight loss treatment: The RESMENA project; Background & aim: Metabolic syndrome and depression seem to share some common underlying mechanisms, although less is known about the impact of metabolic syndrome dietary treatments on depression. This study examined the association between a hypocaloric treatment designed to reduce metabolic syndrome features in self-perceived depression and the potential involvement of dietary components and oxidative stress changes.
Fish Consumption and Stroke Risk: A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Background: Inconsistent results of the association between fish consumption and stroke risk have been indicated in previous epidemiological studies. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies to estimate the impact of fish consumption on stroke risk. Methods: The PubMed and EMBASE databases were searched through a computer search. Prospective cohort studies satisfying predetermined inclusion criterion were included. Random-effect model was adopted in this meta-analysis. Analysis of subgroup, sensitivity, publication bias, dose-response, power, and quality of evidence was also conducted. Results: Thirty one publications including 33 independent prospective cohort studies were identified in this meta-analysis. In the primary analysis of the highest versus lowest categories of fish consumption, pooled results indicated that a significant trend toward an inverse association between fish intake and stroke risk (HR = .90, 95% confidence interval [CU .85-.96). Further subgroup analyses indicated an inverse association was more pronounced in the group of hemorrhagic stroke (HR=.88, 95% CI .80-.96), female (HR =.83, 95% CI .75-.92), and Asia-Pacific (HR = .87, 95% CI .80-.95). Both the funnel plot and Egger tests suggested no evidence of publication bias. Dose-response analysis showed a linear relationship between fish intake and stroke and the risk of stroke decreased by 2%-12% with increasing intake of fish up to 100-700 g/week. According to the NutriGrade scoring system, the level of metaevidence quality was moderate. Conclusions: Based on current evidence from prospective cohort studies, we concluded that fish consumption was associated with a decreased risk of stroke.
Fish oil curtails the human action potential dome in a heterogeneous manner: Implication for arrhythmogenesis; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) from fish oil modulate various ion channels, including the L-type calcium current (I(Ca,L)). As a result, fish oil shortens the cardiac action potential and may cause a loss of the dome of the action potential (AP). Under conditions of increased preexisting heterogeneity in repolarization this may aggravate dispersion in action potential duration. We isolated ventricular myocytes of explanted hearts from patients with cardiomyopathy at the time of cardiac transplantation, and characterized spike-and-dome morphology in the presence of acutely administered fish oil. Fish oil omega 3-PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), but not the control omega 9-PUFA oleic acid (OA), curtails the AP-dome in a heterogeneous manner and may even result in loss of the AP-dome in some but not all myocytes. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Germinated Brown rice enhanced n-3 PUFA metabolism in type 2 diabetes patients: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Brown rice (BR) has been considered as a potential strategy in improving T2DM. However, there are a lack of population-based trials on the association of Germinated brown rice (GBR) and diabetes.Aims: We aimed to explore the influence of GBR diet in T2DM patients for 3 months and whether this effect relates to serum fatty acids. Methods: Two hundred and twenty T2DM patients have been enrolled and eligible subjects (n = 112, 61 female, 51 male) were randomly divided into GBR intervention group (n = 56) and control group (n = 56). Except those who lost follow-up and withdrew, final GBR group and control group consisted of 42 and 43 patients, respectively. Participants in GBR group were asked to consume 100 g/d GBR instead of equal refined grain (RG) for 3 months, while control group maintain their usual eating habits. A structured questionnaire was used for demographic information at baseline, and basic indicators were measured both at the beginning and end of the trail to evaluate plasma glucose and lipids levels.Results: In GBR group, mean dietary inflammation index (DII) decreased, indicating GBR intervention retarded patient inflammation. Besides, glycolipid related parameters, including FBG, HbA1c, TC and HDL, were all significantly lower than those in control group. Excitingly, fatty acid composition was changed by intake of GBR, especially n-3 PUFA and n-3/n-6 PUFA rate were significantly increased. Moreover, subjects in GBR group had higher levels of n-3 metabolites, such as RVE, MaR1 and PD1, reducing inflammatory effect. In contrast, n-6 metabolites, like LTB4 and PGE2 which could promote inflammatory effect, were lower in GBR group.Conclusion: We confirmed that diet with 100 g/d GBR for 3 months could really improve T2DM to some extent. This beneficial effect may be related to n-3 metabolites, namely inflammation changes. Trial registration: ChiCRT-IOR-17013999, www.chictr.org.cn.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Genetic Predictors of Depressive Symptoms in Cardiac Patients; Numerous studies suggest that the prevalence of depression is greater among cardiac patients than in the general population. However, little attention has been paid to the possibility of genetic contributions to depressive symptoms in cardiac patients. We conducted a candidate gene study focusing on genes related to inflammation, platelet aggregation, endothelial function and omega-3 fatty acid metabolism as predictors of depressive symptoms among 977 participants with established cardiovascular disease. Results suggested that genetic variation related to endothelial dysfunction is predictive of depressive symptoms and that endothelial dysfunction may be a novel mechanism contributing to depressive symptoms among cardiac patients. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition in ischemic stroke: Importance of docosahexaenoic acid in the risk for intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis; Objective: While data on the relationship between fatty acid (FA) composition and the risk for total stroke have accumulated, the association between FA composition and the risk for intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ICAS) has never been studied. We compared plasma phospholipid FA composition between non-stroke control and ischemic stroke in Korean population, to discern the FA that distinguishes ICAS from total ischemic stroke patients.
Dietary patterns and fatty acids levels of three European populations. Results from the IMMIDIET study; Background and aims: Differences in blood fatty acids (FAs) profile among populations with different lifestyle have partly been attributed to differences in food intake. A holistic approach in dietary guidance through dietary patterns is essential. This study aimed at evaluating the main plasma and red blood cell (RBC) FAs in three European populations and assessing the role of dietary patterns in explaining variation in their levels.
The Face of Early Cognitive Decline? Shape and Asymmetry Predict Choice Reaction Time Independent of Age, Diet or Exercise; Slower reaction time is a measure of cognitive decline and can occur as early as 24 years of age. We are interested if developmental stability predicts cognitive performance independent of age and lifestyle (e.g., diet and exercise). Developmental stability is the latent capacity to buffer ontogenetic stressors and is measured by low fluctuating asymmetry (FA). FA is random-with respect to the largest side-departures from perfect morphological symmetry. The degree of asymmetry has been associated with physical fitness, morbidity, and mortality in many species, including humans. We expected that low FA (independent of age, diet and exercise) will predict faster choice reaction time (i.e., correct keyboard responses to stimuli appearing in a random location on a computer monitor). Eighty-eight university students self-reported their fish product consumption, exercise, had their faces 3D scanned and cognitive performance measured. Unexpectedly, increased fish product consumption was associated with worsened choice reaction time. Facial asymmetry and multiple face shape variation parameters predicted slower choice reaction time independent of sex, age, diet or exercise. Future work should develop longitudinal interventions to minimize early cognitive decline among vulnerable people (e.g., those who have experienced ontogenetic stressors affecting optimal neurocognitive development).
Effect of pravastatin on erythrocyte membrane fatty acid contents in patients with chronic kidney disease; Background: Statin treatment has decreased the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Erythrocyte membrane oleic acid level is higher in patients with acute coronary syndrome. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of pravastatin on the erythrocyte membrane fatty acid (FA) contents in patients with CKD.
Do <i>FADS</i> genotypes enhance our knowledge about fatty acid related phenotypes?; Several physiological processes, such as visual and cognitive development in early life, are dependent on the availability of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs). Furthermore, the concentration of LC-PUFAs in phospholipids has been associated with numerous complex diseases like cardiovascular disease, atopic disease and metabolic syndrome. The level and composition of LC-PUFAs in the human body is mainly dependent on their dietary intake or on the intake of fatty acid precursors, which are endogenously elongated and desaturated to physiologically active LC-PUFAs. The delta-5 and delta-6 desaturase are the most important enzymes in this reaction cascade. In the last few years, several studies have reported an association between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the two desaturase encoding genes (FADS! and FADS2) and the concentration of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids. This shows that beside nutrition, genetic factors play an important role in the regulation of LC-PUFAs as well. This review focuses on current knowledge of the impact of FADS genotypes on LC-PUFA and lipid metabolism and discusses their influence on infant intellectual development, neurological conditions, metabolic disease as well as cardiovascular disease. (c) 2009 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The Protective Mechanism of Deuterated Linoleic Acid Involves the Activation of the Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> Signaling System of Astrocytes in Ischemia In Vitro; Ischemia-like (oxygen-glucose deprivation, OGD) conditions followed by reoxygenation (OGD/R) cause massive death of cerebral cortex cells in culture as a result of the induction of necrosis and apoptosis. Cell death occurs as a result of an OGD-induced increase in Ca2+ ions in the cytosol of neurons and astrocytes, an increase in the expression of genes encoding proapoptotic and inflammatory genes with suppression of protective genes. The deuterated form of linoleic polyunsaturated fatty acid (D4-Lnn) completely inhibits necrosis and greatly reduces apoptotic cell death with an increase in the concentration of fatty acid in the medium. It was shown for the first time that D4-Lnn, through the activation of the phosphoinositide calcium system of astrocytes, causes their reactivation, which correlates with the general cytoprotective effect on the cortical neurons and astrocytes in vitro. The mechanism of the cytoprotective action of D4-Lnn involves the inhibition of the OGD-induced calcium ions, increase in the cytosolic and reactive oxygen species (ROS) overproduction, the enhancement of the expression of protective genes, and the suppression of damaging proteins.
Eicosapentaenoic acid attenuates dexamethasome-induced apoptosis by inducing adaptive autophagy via GPR120 in murine bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells; Long-term use of glucocorticoids is a widespread clinical problem, which currently has no effective solution other than discontinuing the use. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA), which is largely contained in fish or fish oil, has been reported to promote cell viability and improve bone metabolism. However, little is known about the effects of EPA on dexamethasome (Dex)-induced cell apoptosis. In this study, we showed that EPA-induced autophagy of murine bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (mBMMSCs). Meanwhile, EPA, but not arachidonic acid (AA), markedly inhibited Dex-induced apoptosis and promoted the viability of mBMMSCs. We also observed that EPA-induced autophagy was modulated by GPR120, but not GPR40. Further experiments showed that the mechanism of EPA-induced autophagy associated with GPR120 modulation involved an increase in the active form of AMP-activated protein kinase and a decrease in the activity of mammalian target of RAPA. The protective effect of EPA on Dex-induced apoptosis via GPR120-meditated induction of adaptive autophagy was supported by in vivo experiments. In summary, our findings may have important implications in developing future strategies to use EPA in the prevention and therapy of the side effects induced by long-term Dex-abuse.
Cardiovascular disease resulting from a diet and lifestyle at odds with our paleolithic genome: How to become a 21st-century hunter-gatherer; Our genetic make-up, shaped through millions of years of evolution, determines our nutritional and activity needs. Although the human genome has remained primarily unchanged since the agricultural revolution 10,000 years ago, our diet and lifestyle have become progressively more divergent from those of our ancient ancestors. Accumulating evidence suggests that this mismatch between our modern diet and lifestyle and our Paleolithic genome is playing a substantial role in the ongoing epidemics of obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Until 500 generations ago, all humans consumed only wild and unprocessed food foraged and hunted from their environment. These circumstances provided a diet high in lean protein, polyunsaturated fats (especially omega-3 [omega-3] fatty acids), monounsaturated fats, fiber, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and other beneficial phytochemicals. Historical and anthropological studies show hunter-gatherers generally to be healthy, fit, and largely free of the degenerative cardiovascular diseases common in modern societies. This review outlines the essence of our hunter-gatherer genetic legacy and suggests practical steps to realign our modern milieu with our ancient genome in an effort to improve cardiovascular health.
Benefit-Risk Assessment of Fish Oil in Preventing Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a preventable disease, which combines two general processes: chronic vascular inflammation and acute thrombosis. Both are amplified with positive feedback signals by n-6 eicosanoids derived from food-based n-6 highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-6 HUFA). This amplification is lessened by competing actions of n-3 HUFA. Death results from fatal interactions of the vascular wall with platelets and clotting proteins. The benefits of fish oil interventions are confounded by complex details in pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, adverse events, timescale factors, topology, financial incentives and people's sense of cause and effect. Two basic aspects of n-3 HUFA that are overlooked in CVD dynamics are saturable, hyperbolic responses of the enzymes continually supplying n-6 HUFA and hard-to-control positive feedback receptor signals by excessive n-6 HUFA-based mediators. Multiple feedback loops in inflammation and thrombosis have diverse mediators, and reducing one mediator that occurs above its rate-limiting levels may not reduce the pathophysiology. Clinicians have developed some successful interventions that decrease CVD deaths in the form of secondary prevention. However, the current high CVD prevalence in the USA remains unchanged, and successful primary prevention of CVD remains uncertain. This review weighs the available evidence to help clinicians, the biomedical community and the public put the use of fish oil supplements into a balanced perspective.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular health; Epidemiologic studies have shown a beneficial association between polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), specifically linoleic acid (C18:2, n-6), intake and cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. Clinical studies have shown that n-6 PUFAs have the most potent cholesterol-lowering effects of the individual fatty acid classes, and emerging evidence suggests that PUFAs have favorable effects on postprandial lipemia. However, some studies suggest that high intakes of linoleic acid may have adverse effects on proinflammatory cytokines and adhesion molecules. Research is needed to establish the optimal level of dietary PUFAs that maximally affects the greatest number of health risk factors.
Dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls is associated with increased risk of stroke in women; Objective. The potentially beneficial effects of fish consumption on stroke may be modified by major food contaminants in fish. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in particular are proposed to play a role in the aetiology of stroke. The aim of this study was to assess the association between dietary PCB exposure and stroke risk with the intake of long-chain omega-3 fish fatty acids and fish consumption.
Dietary Marine ω-3 Fatty Acids and Incident Sight-Threatening Retinopathy in Middle-Aged and Older Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes Prospective Investigation From the PREDIMED Trial; IMPORTANCE Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a devastating complication of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The retina is rich in long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC omega 3PUFAs), which are substrate for oxylipins with anti-inflammatory and antiangiogenic properties. Experimental models support dietary LC omega 3PUFA protection against DR, but clinical data are lacking.
Gender-related and PUFA-related differences in lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 levels in patients with type 2 diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Background. Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) may play an important role in the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Increased plasma levels of Lp-PLA2 may predict future cardiovascular (CV) events in type 2 diabetes (T2D). The potential beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on ASCVD have been widely investigated. However, the impact of different PUFA concentrations on Lp-PLA2 remains uncertain.Objectives. We sought to determine the intergender differences in a population of patients with both T2D and ASCVD regarding Lp-PLA2 mass and the association between Lp-PLA2 mass and plasma levels of PUFA. Materials and methods. In this cross-sectional study, we measured the Lp-PLA2 mass, PUFA concentrations and inflammatory markers in 74 patients (49 males and 25 females) with T2D and ASCVD.Results. In this very high-risk population, males had, on average, 33.6% higher levels of Lp-PLA2 than females. The Lp-PLA2 mass was positively associated with interleukin 6 (IL-6) (r = 0.27, p = 0.019), creatinine (r = 0.29, p = 0.03) and triglyceride levels (r = 0.41, p = 0.002). Additionally, male gender and higher levels of triglycerides, leptin, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL), and intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) were independent predictors for an increased Lp-PLA2. Moreover, arachidonic acid (AA) negatively correlated with Lp-PLA2 (r = -0.26, p = 0.024), which was especially apparent in the female subgroup.Conclusions. In the population of patients with ASCVD and T2D, males present with higher plasma levels of Lp-PLA2 than females. Additionally, higher plasma levels of AA were associated with lower Lp-PLA2 levels. Our findings support the utilization of Lp-PLA2 as a novel biomarker in ASCVD risk assessment in a very high CV risk population.
Effect of fish oil pretreatment on isoproterenol-induced changes in myocardial membrane phospholipids; Objective: In the present study, the protective effect of fish oil treatment on the fatty acid composition in isoproterenol (IPH)-induced myocardial infarction was studied in male albino Wistar rats.
Neuroprotectin D1 Induces Neuronal Survival and Downregulation of Amyloidogenic Processing in Alzheimer's Disease Cellular Models; The mediator neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) is an enzymatic derivative of the omega-3 essential fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid. NPD1 stereoselectively and specifically binds to human retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) cells and neutrophils. In turn, this lipid mediator induces dephosphorylation of Bcl-x(L) in a PP2A-dependent manner and induces PI3K/Akt and mTOR/p70S6K pathways leading to RPE cell survival during oxidative stress-induced apoptosis. As a proof of principle of its systemic in vivo bioactivity, NPD1 attenuates laser-induced choroidal neovascularization in mice. Using human neural cells transfected with amyloid precursor protein (APP)sw (Swedish double mutation APP695sw, K595N, M596L), NPD1 was shown to regulate secretase-mediated production of A beta peptide, downregulates pro-inflammatory gene expression, and promotes cell survival. In human neural cells overexpressing beta-amyloid precursor protein (beta APP), the lipid mediator suppressed A beta 42 shedding by downregulating beta-secretase (BACE1) while activating the alpha-secretase (ADAM10), thus shifting the beta APP cleavage from the noxious amyloidogenic pathway into a non-amyloidogenic, neurotrophic pathway. Furthermore, downregulation of A beta 42 peptide release by NPD1 may be dependent upon PPAR gamma activation. In conclusion, NPD1 exhibits anti-inflammatory, anti-amyloidogenic, and anti-apoptotic bioactivities in human neural cells in part via PPAR gamma signaling and through the targeting of alpha- and beta-secretase systems.
Clinical Overview of Algal-Docosahexaenoic Acid: Effects on Triglyceride Levels and Other Cardiovascular Risk Factors; The cardiovascular benefits of fish-derived long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid are well established. Less studied are specific effects of individual long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Based on data from 16 published clinical trials, this review examines effects of DHA triglyceride (TG) oil derived from algae (algal-DHA) on serum TG levels and related parameters. Study populations included subjects with both normal and elevated TG levels including those with persistent hypertriglyceridemia treated with concomitant 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (statin) therapy. At doses of 1-2 g/d, algal-DHA significantly lowered plasma TG levels (up to 26%) either administered alone or in combination with statins. The reduction in TG levels was markedly greater in hypertriglyceridemic than in normal subjects. Algal-DHA modestly increased plasma levels of both high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The increased plasma level of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was associated with a shift of lipoprotein particle size toward larger, less atherogenic subfractions. In some subjects, blood pressure and heart rate were significantly reduced. Algal-DHA was safe and well tolerated. Unlike fish oil, algal-DHA seldom caused gastrointestinal complaints such as fishy taste and eructation, attributes of importance for patient compliance in high-dose therapy. Regression analysis that showed a linear relationship between baseline TG and magnitude of TG reduction suggests that a study of patients with very high TG levels (>500 mg/dL) is warranted. Future pharmacologic therapies for treating hypertriglyceridemia may include algal-DHA.
Relation of serum BDNF to major depression and exploration of mechanistic roles of serum BDNF in a study of vitamin D3 and omega-3 supplements for late-life depression prevention; This study: 1) examined cross-sectional and longitudinal relations of serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) to late-life depression (LLD); 2) tested effects of vitamin D3 and omega-3s on change in BDNF; 3) explored modifying or mediating roles of BDNF on effects of vitamin D3 and omega-3s for LLD. We selected 400 adults from a completed trial of vitamin D3 and omega-3 supplements for LLD prevention. BDNF was measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. We administered semi-structured diagnostic interviews and Pa-tient Health Questionnaire [PHQ]-9 to ascertain outcomes at baseline (depression caseness vs. non-caseness; PHQ-9) and at 2-year follow-up among baseline non-depressed individuals (incident vs. no incident MDD; change in PHQ-9). At baseline, while there were no significant differences in mean serum BDNF comparing depression cases and non-cases, being in the lowest vs. highest serum BDNF quartile was significantly associated with worse depressive symptoms. There were no significant longitudinal associations between serum BDNF and LLD. Neither supplement significantly affected change in BDNF; serum BDNF did not appear to modify or mediate treatment effects on LLD. In conclusion, we observed significant cross-sectional but not longitudinal associations between serum BDNF levels and LLD. Vitamin D3 or omega-3s did not alter serum BDNF over 2 years.
Lutein plus Zeaxanthin and Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Age-Related Macular Degeneration The Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2) Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance Oral supplementation with the Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS) formulation (antioxidant vitamins C and E, beta carotene, and zinc) has been shown to reduce the risk of progression to advanced age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Observational data suggest that increased dietary intake of lutein + zeaxanthin (carotenoids), omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid [DHA] + eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA]), or both might further reduce this risk.
Clinical outcome of immunonutrition in a heterogeneous intensive care population; Objective: To study the effect of a high-protein enteral formula enriched with arginine, glutamine, and antioxidants and containing omega 3 fatty acids and a mixture of fibers, on the clinical outcome of a heterogeneous intensive care (ICU) population. Design and setting: A randomized, prospective, double blind, controlled, two-center clinical trial in two intensive care units in The Netherlands. Patients and participants: A total of 597 adult ICU patients expected to require enteral tube feeding for more than 2 days were randomized to receive immunonutrition or an isocaloric control formula. Interventions: Patients received either the immunonutrition or the control feed. Measurements and results: Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses showed no statistically significant difference in clinical outcome parameters between the two groups. Results of the intention-to-treat analysis in control vs. immunonutrition were: median ICU length of stay in days, 8.0 (IQR 5.0-16.0) vs. 7.0 (4.0-14.0); median hospital length of stay in days, 20.0 (IQR 10.0-34.0) vs. 20.0 (10.0-35.0); median days of ventilation, 6.0 (IQR 3.0-12.0) vs. 6.0 (IQR 3.0-12.0); ICU mortality, 26.8% vs. 28.2%; in-hospital mortality, 36.4% vs. 38.5%; infectious complications, 41.7% vs. 43.0% Conclusions: The results of this largest randomized, controlled trial found that in the general ICU population immunonutrition has no beneficial effect on clinical outcome parameters. These results are consistent with the literature that is currently available.
Altered heart and kidney phospholipid fatty acid composition are associated with cardiac hypertrophy in hypertensive rats; Objective: We examined the association of cardiac hypertrophy or fibrosis with the phospholipid fatty acid (FA) composition of heart and kidney in hypertensive rats.
Effects of purified eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids on glycemic control, blood pressure, and serum lipids in type 2 diabetic patients with treated hypertension; Background: n-3 Fatty acids lower blood pressure, improve lipids, and benefit other cardiovascular disease risk factors. Effects on glycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes are uncertain.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of cancer cachexia: Issues in designing clinical trials of dietary supplements; Complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) is increasingly popular, despite the limited evidence of the efficacy and safety of some forms of CAM. Cancer patients often turn to CAM therapies for the relief of treatment-induced side-effects and comorbidities. Cancer-associated weight loss commonly results in decreased functional status, life expectancy, and quality of life. Despite the high morbidity and mortality associated with cancer cachexia, mainstream treatments do not sustain weight. Although nutritional supplements are commonly used, many of these have not been tested in clinical trials. The issues faced in dietary supplement research differ from those in pharmaceutical drug trials. These include problems with standardization, contamination, and compliance documentation. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial is proposed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fish oil supplementation for the treatment of cachexia in pancreatic cancer patients. The primary outcome measure will be lean body mass; secondary outcomes include functional status and quality of life. The methodology of the clinical trial is reviewed here and the unique problems faced by investigators in designing studies of dietary supplements are discussed.
Punicic Acid Triggers Ferroptotic Cell Death in Carcinoma Cells; Plant-derived conjugated linolenic acids (CLnA) have been widely studied for their preventive and therapeutic properties against diverse diseases such as cancer. In particular, punicic acid (PunA), a conjugated linolenic acid isomer (C18:3 c9t11c13) present at up to 83% in pomegranate seed oil, has been shown to exert anti-cancer effects, although the mechanism behind its cytotoxicity remains unclear. Ferroptosis, a cell death triggered by an overwhelming accumulation of lipid peroxides, has recently arisen as a potential mechanism underlying CLnA cytotoxicity. In the present study, we show that PunA is highly cytotoxic to HCT-116 colorectal and FaDu hypopharyngeal carcinoma cells grown either in monolayers or as three-dimensional spheroids. Moreover, our data indicate that PunA triggers ferroptosis in carcinoma cells. It induces significant lipid peroxidation and its effects are prevented by the addition of ferroptosis inhibitors. A combination with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a known polyunsaturated fatty acid with anticancer properties, synergistically increases PunA cytotoxicity. Our findings highlight the potential of using PunA as a ferroptosis-sensitizing phytochemical for the prevention and treatment of cancer.
The ApoE e4 Isoform: Can the Risk of Diseases be Reduced by Environmental Factors?; Candidate gene studies and genome-wide association studies found that genetic variation in APOE is robustly associated with multiple age-related diseases and longevity. Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) is an apolipoprotein that plays an important role in triglyceride and cholesterol metabolism. In literature, especially the ApoE ?4 isoform has been associated with an increased risk of mortality and age-related diseases such as Alzheimers disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases (CVD), as compared to the neutral ApoE ?3 isoform. There are, however, large differences in the deleterious effects of the ApoE ?4 isoform between ancestries and populations, which might be explained by differences in environmental and lifestyle exposures. In this respect, poor nutrition and physical inactivity are two important lifestyle factors that have been associated with increased risks for AD and CVD. Therefore, in this narrative review, we discuss how omega-3 fatty acid intake and physical activity may modify the impact of ApoE ?4 on AD and CVD risk.
Metabolic syndrome: a brain disease; Recent research indicates an association between brain dysfunction and the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome. To investigate this, we created a Medline search (up to December 2011) of articles in PubMed. The results indicated that refined carbohydrates, saturated and total fat, high levels of omega-6 fatty acids, and low levels of omega-3 fatty acids and other long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), all in conjunction with sedentary behaviour and mental stress can predispose to inflammation. Increased sympathetic activity, with increased secretion of catecholamine, cortisol, and serotonin can cause oxidative stress, which may damage the arcuate nucleus as well as the hypothalamus and macrophages, and the liver may release pro-inflammatory cytokines. These, in conjunction with an underlying deficiency in long chain PUFA, may damage the arcuate nucleus as well as neuropeptide-Y and pro-opiomelanocortin neurons and insulin receptors in the brain, especially during fetal life, infancy, and childhood, resulting in their dysfunction. Of the fatty acids in the brain, 30%-50% are long chain PUFA, which are incorporated in the cell membrane phospholipids. Hence, omega-3 fatty acids, which are also known to enhance parasympathetic activity and increase the secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-10 as well as acetylcholine in the hippocampus, may be protective. Therefore, treatment with omega-3 fatty acids may be applied for the prevention of metabolic syndrome.
Platelet Responses in Cardiovascular Disease: Sex-Related Differences in Nutritional and Pharmacological Interventions; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) represent one of the biggest causes of death globally, and their prevalence, aetiology, and outcome are related to genetic, metabolic, and environmental factors, among which sex- and age-dependent differences may play a key role. Among CVD risk factors, platelet hyperactivity deserves particular mention, as it is involved in the pathophysiology of main cardiovascular events (including stroke, myocardial infarction, and peripheral vascular injury) and is closely related to sex/age differences. Several determinants (e.g., hormonal status and traditional cardiovascular risk factors), together with platelet-related factors (e.g., plasma membrane composition, receptor signaling, and platelet-derived microparticles) can elucidate sex-related disparity in platelet functionality and CVD onset and outcome, especially in relation to efficacy of current primary and secondary interventional strategies. Here, we examined the state of the art concerning sex differences in platelet biology and their relationship with specific cardiovascular events and responses to common antiplatelet therapies. Moreover, as healthy nutrition is widely recognized to play a key role in CVD, we also focused our attention on specific dietary components (especially polyunsaturated fatty acids and flavonoids) and patterns (such as Mediterranean diet), which also emerged to impact platelet functions in a sex-dependent manner. These results highlight that full understanding of gender-related differences will be useful for designing personalized strategies, in order to prevent and/or treat platelet-mediated vascular damage.
Lipid-enriched diets reduce the impacts of thermal stress in corals; Coral species are better able to survive bleaching events with heterotrophic feeding, which raises the level of lipid provisions and coral resilience against stress episodes. We report that a lipid-enriched diet allowed 2 coral species (Duncanopsammia axifuga and Acropora millepora) to resist an experimental bleaching event that involved exposure to temperatures of 32 degrees C for 14 d. The diet, containing Artemia enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), increased the proportions of essential fatty acid within coral tissue at normal temperatures, and maintained normal levels of these fatty acids under high temperatures. Neither of the 2 species significantly bleached when fed an enriched diet, and D. axifuga also grew faster, and increased colour, chlorophyll, symbiont density and PUFA proportions in the enriched diet compared to controls. Overall, this study sheds new light on the role of heterotrophic feeding in coral resilience to bleaching and provides a novel approach for bleaching prevention, reef restoration and improved coral aquaculture.
The toxicity of dietary trans fats; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death today. Trans fatty acids have been identified as an important cause of cardiovascular disease and the resulting clinical end points such as strokes and heart attacks. Although legislative efforts have limited the trans fats in our diet, significant amounts remain. Understanding the impact trans fats have on our body, therefore, remains a critical focus of study. In addition, paradoxically, recent research has now identified an important cardioprotective role for a subcategory of trans fats, the ruminant trans fats. Learning more about the mechanisms responsible for not only the toxic actions of trans fats but also their potential as beneficial compounds within our diet is essential to modulate cardiovascular disease today. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Double-blind Randomized Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial of Omega 3 Fatty Acids for the Treatment of Diabetic Patients With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis; Background: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is common and severe in patients with diabetes mellitus. Although, there are no effective treatments for NASH in diabetic patients, preliminary reports suggest that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may be beneficial in these patients.
Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid Versus Docosahexaenoic Acid on Serum Lipids: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Omega-3 fatty acid supplements containing both eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to reduce triglycerides but also increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL). Whether EPA or DHA given as monotherapy has differential effects on serum lipoproteins has not been systematically evaluated. We performed a meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials of monotherapy with EPA (n = 10), DHA (n = 17), or EPA versus DHA (n = 6). Compared with placebo, DHA raised LDL 7.23 mg/dL (95% CI, 3.98-10.5) whereas EPA non-significantly reduced LDL. In direct comparison studies, DHA raised LDL 4.63 mg/dL (95% CI, 2.15-7.10) more than EPA. Both EPA and DHA reduced triglycerides, with a greater reduction by DHA in direct comparison studies. DHA also raised high-density lipoprotein (4.49 mg/dL; 95% CI, 3.50-5.48) compared with placebo, whereas EPA did not. Although EPA and DHA both reduce triglycerides, they have divergent effects on LDL and high-density lipoprotein. Further research is needed to elucidate the mechanisms and significance of these differences.
Fish, Mercury, Selenium and Cardiovascular Risk: Current Evidence and Unanswered Questions; Controversy has arisen among the public and in the media regarding the health effects of fish intake in adults. Substantial evidence indicates that fish consumption reduces coronary heart disease mortality, the leading cause of death in developed and most developing nations. Conversely, concerns have grown regarding potential effects of exposure to mercury found in some fish. Seafood species are also rich in selenium, an essential trace element that may protect against both cardiovascular disease and toxic effects of mercury. Such protective effects would have direct implications for recommendations regarding optimal selenium intake and for assessing the potential impact of mercury exposure from fish intake in different populations. Because fish consumption appears to have important health benefits in adults, elucidating the relationships between fish intake, mercury and selenium exposure, and health risk is of considerable scientific and public health relevance. The evidence for health effects of fish consumption in adults is reviewed, focusing on the strength and consistency of evidence and relative magnitudes of effects of omega-3 fatty acids, mercury, and selenium. Given the preponderance of evidence, the focus is on cardiovascular effects, but other potential health effects, as well as potential effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in fish, are also briefly reviewed. The relevant current unanswered questions and directions of further research are summarized.
COMPARISON OF SERUM PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACIDS AMONG FISHING AND FARMING JAPANESE POPULATIONS AND AMERICAN INLANDERS; Fatty acid compositions of phospholipids in serum were analyzed in three different populations in seaside fishing and mountain farming villages in Japan and in inland inhabitants of the United States of America. The percentage of .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e., eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) was significantly low in United States inlanders with a high coronary heart disease morbidity compared with both populations in Japan with low morbidity. The level of arachidonic acid (20:4) was the same among these three inhabitant population groups. However, .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels were significantly higher in the inhabitants of fishing villages with relatively low strike morbidity than in those of farming villages with extremely high stroke morbidity in Japan.
THE INFLUENCE OF AN ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID DEFICIENT DIET ON THE REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE OF FEMALE RATS; Several parameters of the reproductive function were studied in albino rats of the Wistar strain fed an essential fatty acid-deficient (EFAD) diet, a linoleic acid-sufficient (EFAS) diet or a commercial diet (CD). The frequency of irregular estrous cycles, with an increased incidence of prolonged diestrus, was significantly higher in EFAD and EFAS groups than in the CD group. There were no significant differences between EFAD and EFAS rats in any of the estrous cycle parameters studied. The  EFAD rats showed the following changes in reproductive performance in respect to EFAS and CD dams: prolonged period of gestation, reduced litter size and increased pup mortality during delivery and the first 48 neonatal hours. From this time to weaning, EFAD and EFAS pups had a similar rate of mortality and were different in this respect from the CD group. These results support previous reports indicating that linoleic acid is essential to the maintenance of normal pregnancy and the survival of  newborn rats. Nevertheless, we cannot conclude that impairment of the estrous cycle and sucking mortality until weaning were primarily due to the absence of linoleic acid in the maternal diet. The possible role of .alpha.-linolenic acid in the reproductive function is discussed.
Transcranial low-level laser therapy in an in vivo model of stroke: Relevance to the brain infarct, microglia activation and neuroinflammation; Stroke is the main cause of death and functional disability. The available therapy affects only 5% of patients, and new therapeutic approaches have been constantly tested. Transcranial photobiomodulation (PBM) is promising for its neuroprotective effect on brain injuries. Thus, the present study investigated the PBM effects in an in vivo model of ischemic stroke induced by photothrombosis (PT). Five different groups of Wistar rats were submitted or not to a daily dose of fish oil or/and laser sessions for 2 months. The ischemia volume was evaluated by stereology; GFAP, Iba and NeuN by immunohistochemistry; TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10 and TGF-beta by ELISA assay. PBM influenced both the lesion volume and the GFAP. Furthermore, PBM and omega-3 or both reduced Iba RNAm. PBM reduced TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, brain damage, neuroinflammation and microglial activation, and it increased astroglial activity in peri-lesioned region after stroke.
Fish Oil Supplementation Modifies the Proteome, Lipidome, and Function of High-Density Lipoprotein: Findings from a Trial in Young Healthy Adults; Background: Fish oil with the co -3 fatty acids EPA and DHA is an FDA-approved treatment of patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Furthermore, EPA is an FDA-approved treatment of patients with high risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); however, the cardioprotective mechanisms are unclear. Objectives: We aimed to determine if fi sh oil supplementation is cardioprotective due to bene fi cial modi fi cations in HDL particles. Methods: Seven fi sh oil na & iuml;ve subjects without a history of CVD were recruited to take a regimen of fi sh oil (1125 mg EPA and 875 mg DHA daily) for 30 d, followed by a 30-d washout period wherein no fi sh oil supplements were taken. HDL isolated from fasting whole blood at each time point via 2 -step ultracentrifugation (ucHDL) was assessed for proteome, lipidome, cholesterol ef fl ux capacity (CEC), and antiin fl ammatory capacity. Results: Following fi sh oil supplementation, the HDL-associated proteins immunoglobulin heavy constant gamma 1, immunoglobulin heavy constant alpha 1, apolipoprotein D, and phospholipid transfer protein decreased compared to baseline ( P < 0.05). The HDL-associated phospholipid families sphingomyelins, phosphatidylcholines, and phosphatidylserines increased after fi sh oil supplementation relative to baseline ( P < 0.05). Compared to baseline, fi sh oil supplementation increased serum HDL ' s CEC ( P = 0.002). Fish oil-induced changes (Post compared with Baseline) in serum HDL ' s CEC positively correlated with plasma EPA levels ( R 2 = 0.7256; P = 0.015). Similarly, fi sh oilinduced changes in ucHDL ' s CEC positively correlated with ucHDL ' s ability to reduce interleukin 10 ( R 2 = 0.7353; P = 0.014) and interleukin 6 mRNA expression ( R 2 = 0.6322; P = 0.033) in a human macrophage cell line. Conclusions: Overall, fi sh oil supplementation improved HDL ' s sterol ef fl ux capacity through comprehensive modi fi cations to its proteome and lipidome.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Modulates the Enterocyte Caco-2 Cell Expression of MicroRNAs Involved in Lipid Metabolism; Consumption of the long-chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaehoic acid (DHA) is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and greater chemoprevention. However, the mechanisms underlying the biologic effects of DHA remain unknown. It is well known that microRNAs (miRNAs) are versatile regulators of gene expression. Therefore, we aimed to determine lithe beneficial effects of DHA may be modulated in part through miRNAs. Loss of dicer 1 ribonuclease type III (DICER) in enterocyte Caco-2 cells supplemented with DHA suggested that several lipid metabolism genes are modulated by miRNAs. Analysis of miRNAs predicted to target these genes revealed several miRNA candidates that are differentially modulated by fatty acids. Among the miRNAs modulated by DHA were miR-192 and miR-30c. Overexpression of either miR-192 or miR-30c in enterocyte and hepatocyte cells suggested an effect on the expression of genes related to lipid metabolism, some of which were confirmed by endogenous inhibition of these miRNAs. Our results show in enterocytes that DHA exerts its biologic effect in part by regulating genes involved in lipid metabolism and cancer. Moreover, this response is mediated through miRNA activity. We validate novel targets of miR-30c and miR-192 related to lipid metabolism and cancer including nuclear receptor corepressor 2, isocitrate dehydrogenase 1, DICER, caveolin 1, ATP-binding cassette subfamily G (white) member 4, retinoic acid receptor beta, and others. We also present evidence that in enterocytes DHA modulates the expression of regulatory factor X6 through these miRNAs. Alteration of miRNA levels by dietary components in support of their pharmacologic modulation might be valuable in adjunct therapy for dyslipidemia and other related diseases.
Essential Fatty Acids as Biomedicines in Cardiac Health; The destructive impact of cardiovascular diseases on health, including heart failure, peripheral artery disease, atherosclerosis, stroke, and other cardiac pathological conditions, positions these health conditions as leading causes of increased global mortality rates, thereby impacting the human quality of life. The considerable changes in modern lifestyles, including the increase in food intake and the change in eating habits, will unavoidably lead to an unbalanced consumption of essential fatty acids, with a direct effect on cardiovascular health problems. In the last decade, essential fatty acids have become the main focus of scientific research in medical fields aiming to establish their impact for preventing cardiovascular diseases and the associated risk factors. Specifically, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as omega 3 fatty acids, and monounsaturated fatty acids from various sources are mentioned in the literature as having a cardio-protective role, due to various biological mechanisms that are still to be clarified. This review aims to describe the major biological mechanisms of how diets rich in essential fatty acids, or simply essential fatty acid administration, could have anti-inflammatory, vasodilatory, anti-arrhythmic, antithrombotic, antioxidant, and anti-atherogenic effects. This review describes findings originating from clinical studies in which dietary sources of FAs were tested for their role in mitigating the impact of heart disorders in human health.
Lipid-Lowering Agents; The role of lipid lowering in reducing the risk of mortality and morbidity from cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well established. Treatment particularly aimed at decreasing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is effective in reducing the risk of death from coronary heart disease and stroke. Statins form the cornerstone of treatment. However, in some individuals with a high risk of CVD who are unable to achieve their target LDL-C due to either intolerance or lack of efficacy, there is the need for alternative therapies. This review provides an overview of the different classes of currently available lipid-lowering medications including statins, fibrates, bile acid sequestrants (resins), and omega-3 fatty acids. Data are presented on their indications, pharmacology, and the relevant end point clinical trial data with these drugs. It also discusses the human trial data on some novel therapeutic agents that are being developed including those for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemiathe antisense oligonucleotide mipomersen and the microsomal transfer protein inhibitor lomitapide. Data are presented on phase II and III trials on agents with potentially wider applications, cholesterol ester transfer protein inhibitors and proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin 9 inhibitors. The data on a licensed gene therapy for lipoprotein lipase deficiency are also presented.
Protective effects of seabuckthorn pulp and seed oils against radiation-induced acute intestinal injury; Radiation-induced gastrointestinal syndrome, including nausea, diarrhea and dehydration, contributes to morbidity and mortality after medical or industrial radiation exposure. No safe and effective radiation countermeasure has been approved for clinical therapy. In this study, we aimed to investigate the potential protective effects of seabuckthorn pulp and seed oils against radiation-induced acute intestinal injury. C57/BL6 mice were orally administered seabuckthorn pulp oil, seed oil and control olive oil once per day for 7 days before exposure to total-body X-ray irradiation of 7.5 Gy. Terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blotting were used for the measurement of apoptotic cells and proteins, inflammation factors and mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinases. Seabuckthorn oil pretreatment increased the post-radiation survival rate and reduced the damage area of the small intestine villi. Both the pulp and seed oil treatment significantly decreased the apoptotic cell numbers and cleaved caspase 3 expression. Seabuckthorn oil downregulated the mRNA level of inflammatory factors, including tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8. Both the pulp and seed oils elevated the level of phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase and reduced the levels of phosphorylated c-Jun N-terminal kinase and p38. Palmitoleic acid (PLA) and alpha linolenic acid (ALA) are the predominant components of pulp oil and seed oil, respectively. Pretreatment with PLA and ALA increased the post-radiation survival time. In conclusion, seabuckthorn pulp and seed oils protect against mouse intestinal injury from high-dose radiation by reducing cell apoptosis and inflammation. ALA and PLA are promising natural radiation countermeasure candidates.
Screening of Suitable Ionic Liquids as Green Solvents for Extraction of Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) from Microalgae Biomass Using COSMO-RS Model; Omega-3 poly unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have many health benefits including reducing the risk of cancer and cardiovascular disease. Recently, the use of ionic liquids (ILs) in lipid extraction from microalgae provides the potential to overcome common drawbacks, offers several other benefits. To date, very limited researches are available to focus on extracting microalgae lipid and PUFA in particular by using ILs. The objective of current work is to screen the potential ILs that can be applied in EPA extraction. In this study, fast ILs screening was performed with the help of a conductor like screening model for real solvents (COSMO-RS) and the ILs with higher capacity values for use in extraction of EPA were compared. According to the results, the highest capacity for EPA extraction among 352 screened cation/anion combinations belongs to [TMAm][SO4]. It is expected to achieve a higher yield of EPA once applying this combination as the solvent in the process of extraction. ILs with small anions were observed to have higher capacities, as well possessing higher charge density compared to larger ones, and therefore, they are more preferable for extraction purposes. Moreover, shorter alkyl chain cations are preferred when using imidazolium-based IL, which agrees with experimental data.
Atlantic Salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i> L.) as a Marine Functional Source of Gamma-Tocopherol; Gamma tocopherol (gT) exhibits beneficial cardiovascular effects partly due to its anti-inflammatory activity. Important sources of gT are vegetable oils. However, little is known to what extent gT can be transferred into marine animal species such as Atlantic salmon by feeding. Therefore, in this study we have investigated the transfer of dietary gT into salmon. To this end, fish were fed a diet supplemented with 170 ppm gT for 16 weeks whereby alpha tocopherol levels were adjusted to 190 ppm in this and the control diet. Feeding gT-rich diets resulted in a three-fold increase in gT concentrations in the liver and fillet compared to non-gT-supplemented controls. Tissue alpha tocopherol levels were not decreased indicating no antagonistic interaction between gamma-and alpha tocopherol in salmon. The concentration of total omega 3 fatty acids slightly increased in response to dietary gT. Furthermore, dietary gT significantly decreased malondialdehyde in the fillet, determined as a biomarker of lipid peroxidation. In the liver of gT fed salmon we observed an overall down-regulation of genes involved in lipid homeostasis. Additionally, gT improved the antioxidant capacity by up-regulating Gpx4a gene expression in the pyloric caeca. We suggest that Atlantic salmon may provide a marine functional source capable of enriching gT for human consumption.
The multidimensional benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid: from heart health to inflammatory control; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is an omega-3 fatty acid found in fatty fish and fish oil supplements. Over the past few decades, research has suggested that EPA has various potential health benefits, particularly for heart health.EPA has been associated with reduced inflammation, improved cholesterol levels, and reduced blood pressure, all of which can contribute to a lower risk of heart disease. Additionally, EPA has been found to reduce the risk of blood clots, which can lead to heart attacks and strokes. This comprehensive review article aims to summarize the current state of knowledge regarding the potential health benefits of EPA. We focus on its effects on cardiovascular health, inflammation, atherosclerotic plaques, blood clots, diabetes, obesity, and cancer. Finally, we provide an overview of the recommended daily dose of EPA for optimal health benefits.This review highlights the importance of EPA in promoting overall health and well-being and provides insights into its potential therapeutic applications.
Perilla seed oil as an adjunctive treatment with statins improves lipid profiles in elderly patients: A post hoc data analysis; Background: Dyslipidemia is characterized by abnormal lipid concentrations in the bloodstream, heightening the risk of atherosclerosis. While statins are primarily prescribed to treat dyslipidemia, not all patients benefit from them for various reasons, such as intolerance, myopathy, and hepatotoxicity. Perilla frutescens (L.) Britton, traditionally grown in East Asia, has been used for various therapeutic purposes. The seed oil of this plant is prosperous in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Previous research found the efficacy of perilla (P. frutescens) seed oil in reducing cholesterol in patients with dementia. Our study aimed to determine if the lipid-lowering effects of P. frutescens seed oil occur on their own or alongside statin treatments by conducting a retrospective analysis of existing data to assess its efficacy in improving lipid profiles among the elderly.Objective: This study aimed to understand if P. frutescens seed oil inherently possesses lipid-lowering properties or if these effects are amplified when combined with statins. Methods: A retrospective post hoc analysis was performed on 182 geriatric patients previously involved in a dementia study. These patients were categorized into four groups: those administered both P. frutescens seed oil and a statin (G1), only P. frutescens seed oil (G2), only a statin (G3), and neither (G4). The outcomes evaluated post-intervention included lipid profiles, liver and renal functions, complete blood count, and neutrophils to lymphocytes and platelets (N/LP) ratio.Results: Patients in G1 exhibited the most pronounced reductions in total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, suggesting a potential synergistic effect when P. frutescens seed oil is combined with statins. Liver enzyme levels remained stable across all groups, suggesting the hepatic safety of P. frutescens seed oil even when co-administered with statins.Conclusion: P. frutescens seed oil, particularly when used alongside statins, exhibits the potential to improve lipid profiles and may also offer liver protection. However, extended studies are necessary to understand its therapeutic significance in cardiovascular disease management fully.
Association Between Fish Consumption and Muscle Mass and Function in Middle-Age and Older Adults; Background: Sarcopenia, the age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass and function, represents a crucial risk factor for disability and mortality. Increasing intake of some nutrients, particularly protein and omega-3 fatty acids seems to be a promising strategy to augment muscle mass and function.Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the beneficial effects of fish consumption on muscle mass and function among middle-age and older adults.Methods: Twenty-two adults aged 50-85 years participated in this study. Participants were asked to consume 150-170-g of fish for lunch twice a week for a 10-week period. During that period, participants were asked to maintain their normal diet and physical activity. Outcome measures included anthropometry, muscle mass, and muscle function. All these measures were assessed at baseline, week 5, and week 10. Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to analyze statistical significance.Results: Consuming fish twice a week for 10 weeks significantly increased the skeletal muscle mass and appendicular lean mass divided by height squared (ALM/h(2)) (p < 0.01). Handgrip strength and gait speed <0.8 m/s were also improved (p < 0.01) at week 10 compared with that at baseline.Discussion: Consuming fish seems to improve muscle mass and function and may slow sarcopenia progression in middle-age and older adults.
The Diet Quality of Australian Stroke Survivors in a Community Setting; Introduction: Diet quality is a marker of how closely eating patterns reflect dietary guidelines. The highest tertile for diet quality scores is associated with 40% lower odds of first stroke compared with the lowest tertile. Little is known about the diet of stroke survivors. We aimed to assess dietary intake and quality of Australian stroke survivors. Methods: Stroke survivors enrolled in the ENAbLE pilot trial (2019/ETH11533, ACTRN12620000189921) and Food Choices after Stroke study (2020ETH/02264) completed the Australian Eating Survey Food Frequency Questionnaire (AES), a 120-item, semiquantitative questionnaire of habitual food intake over the previous 3-6 months. Diet quality was determined by calculating the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS): a higher score indicates higher diet quality. Results: Eighty-nine adult, stroke survivors (female: n = 45, 51%) of mean age 59.5 years (+/- 9.9) had a mean ARFS of 30.5 (+/- 9.9) (low diet quality). Mean energy intake was similar to the Australian population: 34.1% from noncore (energy-dense/nutrient-poor) and 65.9% from core (healthy) foods. However, participants in the lowest tertile for diet quality (n = 31) had significantly lower intake of core (60.0%) and higher intake from noncore foods (40.0%). Most participants did not meet daily requirements for fiber, potassium, or omega 3 fatty acids (2%, 15%, and 18%), nutrients important to reduce stroke risk. Conclusion: The diet quality of stroke survivors was poor, with inadequate intake of nutrients important for reducing recurrent stroke risk. Further research is needed to develop effective interventions to improve diet quality.
N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS - UPDATE 1995; Epidemiologic and biochemical studies have suggested an anti-inflammatory effect of n-3 fatty acids. Beneficial therapeutic effects reported from small patient groups need to be confirmed in large-cohort controlled clinical trials. There is a growing number of clinical trials of n-3 fatty acid supplementation in disease. Clinical benefits have been moderate in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and with arterial hypertension. Clearly negative results have been reported during the past 2 years for patients with lupus nephritis and for patients with psoriasis or with atopic dermatitis. Such trials have now been completed. For patients with coronary artery disease following coronary angioplasty, earlier results of a large meta-analysis; could not be confirmed. For patients with IgA-nephropathy and for patients following kidney transplantation, a clear benefit was seen in patients receiving fish oil. These promising results are currently pursued in follow-up phase III clinical trials.
Optimal Nutritional Status for a Well-Functioning Immune System Is an Important Factor to Protect against Viral Infections; Public health practices including handwashing and vaccinations help reduce the spread and impact of infections. Nevertheless, the global burden of infection is high, and additional measures are necessary. Acute respiratory tract infections, for example, were responsible for approximately 2.38 million deaths worldwide in 2016. The role nutrition plays in supporting the immune system is well-established. A wealth of mechanistic and clinical data show that vitamins, including vitamins A, B-6, B-12, C, D, E, and folate; trace elements, including zinc, iron, selenium, magnesium, and copper; and the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid play important and complementary roles in supporting the immune system. Inadequate intake and status of these nutrients are widespread, leading to a decrease in resistance to infections and as a consequence an increase in disease burden. Against this background the following conclusions are made: (1) supplementation with the above micronutrients and omega-3 fatty acids is a safe, effective, and low-cost strategy to help support optimal immune function; (2) supplementation above the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA), but within recommended upper safety limits, for specific nutrients such as vitamins C and D is warranted; and (3) public health officials are encouraged to include nutritional strategies in their recommendations to improve public health.
LINOLEIC-ACID AND RISK OF SUDDEN CARDIAC DEATH; Objective-To test the hypothesis that the essential fatty acid, linoleic acid, measured in adipose tissue as an indicator of long term dietary intake, is inversely related to the risk of sudden cardiac death. Design-A population case-control study. Setting-A regional health district. Subjects-84 men (age 25-64 years) who died instantaneously or within 24 hours of the onset of symptoms with no history of coronary heart disease or medically treated hyperlipidaemia, and in whom coronary artery disease was diagnosed at postmortem examination as the primary cause of death, were compared with 292 age (to within two years) and sex matched healthy controls and their partners drawn from the general practitioners' records with whom the cases were registered. Main outcome measures-Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and the risk of sudden cardiac death. Results-Linoleic acid in adipose tissue was inversely related to the risk of sudden cardiac death. The estimated relative risk (95% CI) of sudden cardiac death was 5.7 (1.8 to 17.9) for the lowest quintile and 4.0 (1.2 to 12.9) for the next quintile of adipose linoleic acid in the control population when compared with the highest quintile. This inverse relation was independent of age, reported smoking habits, history of hypertension, and diabetes, although there was a close association with cigarette smoking. The estimated adjusted proportionate increase in risk (95% CI) of sudden cardiac death was 1.14 (1.03 to 1.23) for every 1% reduction of linoleic acid in adipose tissue. Conclusions,-The percentage content of linoleic acid in adipose tissue was inversely related to the risk of sudden cardiac death. Populations with a high risk of sudden cardiac death may benefit from increasing their dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acid oils, principally from cereals and vegetables.
Structural Equation Modeling for Analyzing Erythrocyte Fatty Acids in Framingham; Research has shown that several types of erythrocyte fatty acids (i.e., omega-3, omega-6, and trans) are associated with risk for cardiovascular diseases. However, there are complex metabolic and dietary relations among fatty acids, which induce correlations that are typically ignored when using them as risk predictors. A latent variable approach could summarize these complex relations into a few latent variable scores for use in statistical models. Twenty-two red blood cell (RBC) fatty acids were measured in Framingham (N = 3196). The correlation matrix of the fatty acids was modeled using structural equation modeling; the model was tested for goodness-of-fit and gender invariance. Thirteen fatty acids were summarized by three latent variables, and gender invariance was rejected so separate models were developed for men and women. A score was developed for the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) latent variable, which explained about 30% of the variance in the data. The PUFA score included loadings in opposing directions among three omega-3 and three omega-6 fatty acids, and incorporated the biosynthetic and dietary relations among them. Whether the PUFA factor score can improve the performance of risk prediction in cardiovascular diseases remains to be tested.
Do Dietary Supplements Have Beneficial Health Effects in Industrialized Nations: What Is the Evidence?; Background: Dietary supplements are regularly used by at least half of the American population, yet the health benefits of these agents are unclear. Objective: A systematic review to determine the benefits and risks of dietary supplements in Westernized societies. Data Sources: MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials and citation review of relevant articles. Study Selection: Randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials in non-pregnant Westernized adults that evaluated clinical outcomes of nutritional supplements. Data Extraction: Data were abstracted on study design, study size, study setting, patient population, dietary intervention and clinical outcomes. The outcome of each study was classified as non-beneficial, beneficial or harmful according to whether the end-point(s) of interest reached statistical significance. Data Synthesis: Sixty-three studies met the criteria for our systematic review. No benefit was recorded in 45 studies, with 10 of these showing a trend towards harm and with two showing a trend towards benefit. Four studies reported harm with increased cancer deaths (n=2) and increased fractures (n=2). Two studies reported both a harmful as well as a beneficial outcome. A beneficial outcome was reported in 12 studies; 6 which studied vitamin D and three which investigated omega-3 fatty acids. While a benefit was reported in one study each which investigated Vitamin E, folic acid and Ginkgo biloba this benefit was not confirmed by larger and more adequately powered studies. Conclusions: With the possible exceptions of Vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids there is no data to support the widespread use of dietary supplements in Westernized populations; indeed, many of these supplements may be harmful. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2012;36: 159-168)
Treating Mixed Hyperlipidemia and the Atherogenic Lipid Phenotype for Prevention of Cardiovascular Events; Statins reduce cardiovascular events and cardiovascular and total mortality in persons at risk for and with coronary disease, but there remains a significant residual event rate, particularly in those with the atherogenic lipid phenotype that is characterized by a low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and increase in non-HDL cholesterol. Large outcome trials designed to assess the value of combining statins with other agents to target HDL cholesterol and non-HDL cholesterol will not be completed for a few years, but there is ample evidence for the clinician to consider combination therapy. The choices for therapies to supplement statins include niacin, fibrates, and omega-3 fatty acids. We present the argument that after therapeutic lifestyle changes, the first priority should be the maximally tolerated effective dose of a potent statin. Evidence supports the addition of niacin as the second agent. In some situations, high-dose omega-3 fatty acid therapy could be the first agent added to statins. Although fibrate monotherapy alone or in combination with non-statin low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-lowering agents can be effective in mixed hyperlipidemia when statins are not tolerated, the combination of statin + fibrate should be considered second-line therapy until the efficacy and safety are established. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. The American Journal of Medicine (2010) 123, 892-898
Positive impact of long-term lifestyle change on erythrocyte fatty acid profile after acute coronary syndromes; Background. - The outcome of coronary diseases is influenced by lifestyle and diet. Among dietary factors, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce mortality from cardiovascular diseases.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and fatty acid-derived lipid mediators: Recent advances in the understanding of their biosynthesis, structures, and functions; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are structural components of membrane phospholipids, and influence cellular function via effects on membrane properties, and also by acting as a precursor pool for lipid mediators. These lipid mediators are formed via activation of pathways involving at least one step of dioxygen-dependent oxidation, and are consequently called oxylipins. Their biosynthesis can be either enzymatically-dependent, utilising the promiscuous cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase, or cytochrome P450 mixed function oxidase pathways, or nonenzymatic via free radical-catalyzed pathways. The oxylipins include the classical eicosanoids, comprising prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes, and also more recently identified lipid mediators. With the advent of new technologies there is growing interest in identifying these different lipid mediators and characterising their roles in health and disease. This review brings together contributions from some of those at the forefront of research into lipid mediators, who provide brief introductions and summaries of current understanding of the structure and functions of the main classes of nonclassical oxylipins. The topics covered include omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA biosynthesis pathways, focusing on the roles of the different fatty acid desaturase enzymes, oxidized linoleic acid metabolites, omega-3 PUFA-derived specialized pro-resolving mediators, elovanoids, nonenzymatically oxidized PUFAs, and fatty acid esters of hydroxy fatty acids.
Lipids an Age-related Macular Degeneration; Given the considerable public health burden imposed by age-related macular degeneration (AMD), much effort has been directed towards elucidating principles of pathogenesis in order to identify risk factors and develop preventive measures and treatments. Together with epidemiological evidence linking cardiovascular risk factors with AMD risk and basic science work examining the role of lipid metabolism in AMD, numerous human studies have assayed a potential relationship between dietary lipids and the development of AMD. We examine the evidence for a role for lipid metabolism in AMD, highlighting key basic biochemical principles, work in animal models, and relevant human studies. The topics of lipoprotein modulation and omega-3 fatty acid intake receive special attention from both a basic science and clinical study standpoint. The evidence suggests that consumption of omega-3 fatty acids, perhaps in concert with antioxidants, may constitute a rational preventative strategy against AMD development, though, absent an appropriately developed double-blind, randomized control trial, insufficient data exist to recommend implementation in the clinical setting at this time. (Surv Ophthalmol 56:195-213, 2011. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.)
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in chronic heart failure in the GISSI-Heart Failure Trial: Relation with fish intake, circulating biomarkers, and mortality; Background Treatment with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can improve clinical outcomes in patients with heart failure (HF). Circulating levels of n-3 PUFA, an objective estimation of exposure, have never been measured in a large cohort of patients with HF. Methods We measured n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids at baseline and after 3 months in 1,203 patients with chronic HF enrolled in the GISSI-Heart Failure trial and randomized to n-3 PUFA 1 g/daily or placebo. N-3 PUFA levels were related to clinical characteristics, pharmacologic treatments, dietary habits, circulating biomarkers, and mortality.
Association between PUFA intake and serum concentration and mortality in older adults: A cohort study; Background & aims: PUFA intake is associated with reduced cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in the general population; however, evidence about this association in older adults is controversial. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationship between PUFA intake and serum concentration, and the association of these variables with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Dietary fish oil up-regulates cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase mRNA in mouse liver leading to an increase in bile acid and cholesterol excretion; To investigate the molecular events controlling reverse cholesterol transport, we compared gene expression of normal mouse liver to that of mice fed a long chain (LC) omega-3 fatty acid-enriched diet. Using cDNA microarrays, we assessed expression levels of 1176 genes, and we found that D-site binding protein (DBP) was three-fold increased in mice on a LC omega-3 fatty acid-rich diet compared to controls. DBP is known to increase transcriptional level of cholesterol 7alpha-hydroxylase (C7alpha), the rate-limiting enzyme for bile acid production and cholesterol excretion, and we found that C7a mRNA was also up-regulated by LC omega-3 fatty acids. Moreover, liver X receptor-alpha, another transcription factor up-regulating C7alpha, was three- to four-fold increased in liver of treated mice. On the other hand, we demonstrated that bile acid and cholesterol excretion were two-fold increased. These results show that LC omega-3 fatty acids control cholesterol metabolism in mice at a new endpoint. (C) 2004 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies.
Nutraceuticals in the Prevention of Neonatal Hypoxia-Ischemia: A Comprehensive Review of their Neuroprotective Properties, Mechanisms of Action and Future Directions; Neonatal hypoxia-ischemia (HI) is a brain injury caused by oxygen deprivation to the brain due to birth asphyxia or reduced cerebral blood perfusion, and it often leads to lifelong limiting sequelae such as cerebral palsy, seizures, or mental retardation. HI remains one of the leading causes of neonatal mortality and morbidity worldwide, and current therapies are limited. Hypothermia has been successful in reducing mortality and some disabilities, but it is only applied to a subset of newborns that meet strict inclusion criteria. Given the unpredictable nature of the obstetric complications that contribute to neonatal HI, prophylactic treatments that prevent, rather than rescue, HI brain injury are emerging as a therapeutic alternative. Nutraceuticals are natural compounds present in the diet or used as dietary supplements that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, or antiapoptotic properties. This review summarizes the preclinical in vivo studies, mostly conducted on rodent models, that have investigated the neuroprotective properties of nutraceuticals in preventing and reducing HI-induced brain damage and cognitive impairments. The natural products reviewed include polyphenols, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamins, plant-derived compounds (tanshinones, sulforaphane, and capsaicin), and endogenous compounds (melatonin, carnitine, creatine, and lactate). These nutraceuticals were administered before the damage occurred, either to the mothers as a dietary supplement during pregnancy and/or lactation or to the pups prior to HI induction. To date, very few of these nutritional interventions have been investigated in humans, but we refer to those that have been successful in reducing ischemic stroke in adults. Overall, there is a robust body of preclinical evidence that supports the neuroprotective properties of nutraceuticals, and these may represent a safe and inexpensive nutritional strategy for the prevention of neonatal HI encephalopathy.
Aberrant serum polyunsaturated fatty acids profile is relevant with acute coronary syndrome; Although a robust relationship between aberrant serum polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) profile and coronary artery disease (CAD) has been reported, the details concerning the association between aberrant PUFAs profile and clinical feature of CAD are not fully discovered. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between serum PUFAs and clinical profiles in CAD patients. We classified 595 consecutive CAD patients, who underwent coronary angiography into 3 groups according to the clinical profiles of CAD (group A: early phase ACS, n = 96; group B: stable CAD with previous history of ACS, n = 259; group C: stable CAD without previous history of ACS, n = 240) and measured serum n-3 [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] and n-6 [arachidonic acid (AA)] PUFAs. Serum EPA, DHA, and EPA/AA ratio were significantly low in the order of group A < B < C [EPA; 48.1 (34.1-60.3) mu g/ml, 61.7 (41.2-94.5) mu g/ml, and 74.4 (52.7-104.9) mu g/ml, DHA; 113.1 (92.8-135.1) mu g/ml, 125.8 (100.4-167.2) mu g/ml, and 140.1 (114.7-177.0) mu g/ml, EPA/AA ratio; 0.31 (0.22-0.45), 0.39 (0.26-0.62), and 0.44 (0.31-0.69), medians with interquartile range, p < 0.01]. Multiple regression analysis revealed that EPA (p = 0.009) and EPA/AA ratio (p = 0.023), but not DHA and DHA/AA ratio, were negatively associated with clinical profiles of ACS in CAD patients. Significant correlation was not observed between PUFAs profile and severity of coronary stenosis. Low serum EPA and EPA/AA ratio correlates with clinical profiles of ACS in patients with CAD, regardless of the extent and severity of coronary artery stenosis.
The role of lipoxins in cardiometabolic physiology and disease; Cardiometabolic pathophysiology is increasing in prevalence as a result of the escalating obesity pandemic. The search for novel therapeutics is ongoing and the strong interrelationship between diabetes and cardiovascular disease places emphasis on the need for drugs that target both pathologies, without interlinking side effects. Impaired inflammatory resolution may be the common denominator driving metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. An interesting therapeutic approach would therefore be to promote the inflammatory resolution to subvert cardiometabolic disease. Inflammatory resolution is regulated by specialized proresolving lipid mediators: the omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived protectins, resolvins and maresins, and the omega 6-polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived lipoxin (LX) A(4) and LXB4. Here, we review novel evidence of how LXs may reduce pathological features associated with cardiometabolic disease. Recent evidence shows that LXs promote the resolution of obesity-induced adipose inflammation and systemic pathology. Furthermore, LXs attenuate cardinal processes associated with atherosclerotic plaque formation, for example, neutrophil recruitment, activation, and neutrophil extracellular traps formation, while promoting a proresolving MF phenotype and enhancing efferocytosis. Finally, LXs inhibit angiogenic pathways, including endothelial proliferation and activation, while reducing platelet-neutrophil aggregation. Collectively, LXs may have therapeutic potential in attenuating cardiometabolic pathophysiology. Copyright (C) 2016 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
The survival contest of endozoochory: Conflicting interests in a frugivorous avian-plant mutualism; 1. The nutritious pulp of fleshy fruits facilitates seed dispersal via endozoochory. Frugivores are considered legitimate seed dispersers when they digest only the pulp but do not damage the seeds. Nevertheless, fruit pulp, in contrast to seeds, is low in nitrogen, thus potentially stimulating seed digestion in the fruit consumers, therefore raising a potential conflict of interest between the plant and the fruit consumer.
A Brief Review of Cardiovascular Diseases, Associated Risk Factors and Current Treatment Regimes; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the leading cause of premature death and disability in humans and their incidence is on the rise globally. Given their substantial contribution towards the escalating costs of health care, CVDs also generate a high socio-economic burden in the general population. The underlying pathogenesis and progression associated with nearly all CVDs are predominantly of atherosclerotic origin that leads to the development of coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, venous thromboembolism and, peripheral vascular disease, subsequently causing myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmias or stroke. The aetiological risk factors leading to the onset of CVDs are well recognized and include hyperlipidaemia, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, smoking and, lack of physical activity. They collectively represent more than 90% of the CVD risks in all epidemiological studies. Despite high fatality rate of CVDs, the identification and careful prevention of the underlying risk factors can significantly reduce the global epidemic of CVDs. Beside making favorable lifestyle modifications, primary regimes for the prevention and treatment of CVDs include lipid-lowering drugs, antihypertensives, antiplatelet and anticoagulation therapies. Despite their effectiveness, significant gaps in the treatment of CVDs remain. In this review, we discuss the epidemiology and pathology of the major CVDs that are prevalent globally. We also determine the contribution of well-recognized risk factors towards the development of CVDs and the prevention strategies. In the end, therapies for the control and treatment of CVDs are discussed.
A set of common buccal CpGs that predict epigenetic age and associate with lifespan-regulating genes; Epigenetic aging clocks are computational models that use DNA methylation sites to predict age. Since cheek swabs are non-invasive and painless, collecting DNA from buccal tissue is highly desirable. Here, we review 11 existing docks that have been applied to buccal tissue. Two of these were exclusively trained on adults and, while moderately accurate, have not been used to capture health-relevant differences in epigenetic age. Using 130 common CpGs utilized by two or more existing buccal clocks, we generate a proof-of-concept predictor in an adult methylomic dataset. In addition to accurately estimating age (r = 0.95 and mean absolute error = 3.88 years), this dock predicted that Down syndrome subjects were significantly older relative to controls. A literature and database review of CpG-associated genes identified numerous genes (e.g., CLOCK, ELOVL2, and VGF) and molecules (e.g., alpha-linolenic acid, glycine, and spermidine) reported to influence lifespan and/or age-related disease in model organisms.
Mechanisms increasing n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids in the heart; Due to ambiguous findings on cardiovascular benefits of systemic omega-3 fatty acid therapy, endogenous mechanisms contributing to local organ-specific concentrations of highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) were examined. Using gas chromatography, 43 fatty acids were analyzed in atrial and ventricular myocardium and in pericardial fluid of male Wistar rats. To examine the endogenous fatty acid metabolism, precursors were administered into the pericardial sac. Pro-and anti-inflammatory actions were induced by talc or fenofibrate, respectively. Physical exercise and a sedentary obese state were used for increased beta-oxidation. DHA (22:6n-3) was increased in ventricular when compared with atrial myocardium (9.0 +/- 2.1% vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0%, p < 0.001). Intrapericardial EPA (20:5n-3) application lead to an increase of the succeeding tetracosapentaenoic acid (24:5n-3) in atrial myocardium, which is a key precursor of DHA. In contrast, proinflammatory stimulation of the n-6 HUFA pathway did not influence the n-3 metabolism. Exercise-and obesity-induced increased beta-oxidation, the finalizing step of DHA synthesis, was associated with increased ventricular DHA concentrations (6.7 +/- 1.0% vs. 8.4 +/- 1.2%, p < 0.01). It is concluded that the endogenous metabolism contributes markedly to myocardial HUFA concentrations. The findings are supposed to influence the efficacy of oral HUFA treatment and provide a rationale for divergent findings of previous trials on omega-3 therapy.
Gamma-linolenic acid alters the composition of mitochondrial membrane subfractions, decreases outer mitochondrial membrane binding of hexokinase and alters carnitine palmitoyltransferase I properties in the Walker 256 rat tumour; Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) is known to be an inhibitor of Walker 256 rumour growth in vivo and causes changes in both mitochondrial structure and cellular metabolism. The aim of the present study was to investigate in greater detail the changes in energy metabolism and ultrastructure induced by GLA in this tumour model. A diet containing 5.5% GLA, which is sufficient to cause a 45% decrease in tumour growth, was found to almost double the triacylglycerol (TAG) content of the turnout and to increase the quantity of 20:3 n - 6, 20:4 n - 6, 22:4 n - 6 and 22:5 n - 6 in the TAG fraction as determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GCMS) analysis. Morphometric analysis of the tumour by electron microscopy confirmed this increase in TAG content, identifying a doubling of lipid droplet content in the GLA dietary group. The surface density of mitochondrial cristae was reduced, along with a reduction in the number of contact sites (CS) and matrix granules. These three parameters are likely indicators of a reduction in mitochondrial metabolic activity. Measurement of hexokinase activity identified that much of the total hexokinase activity was in the mitochondrially bound form (66.5%) in the control tumour and that GLA caused a decrease in the amount of enzyme in the bound form (39.3%). The fatty acyl chain composition of the tumour mitochondrial subtractions, outer membranes (OM), CSs and inner membranes (IM) was determined by GCMS. All subfractions showed considerable increases in 20:3 n - 6 and decreases in 18:1 n - 9, 18:2 n - 6 and 22:6 n - 3, when exposed to GLA diet. These changes were reflected in a large increase in the n - 6/n - 3 ratio in the GLA OM vs. the control OM, 21.299 vs. 6.747, respectively. The maximal activity of OM carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT I) was found to be decreased by 61.6% in the GLA diet group. This was accompanied by a decrease in malonyl CoA sensitivity and a decrease in affinity for 16:0 CoA substrate. Such changes in CPT I may be the cause of cytoplasmic acyl CoA accumulation seen in this tumour model. These effects, together with previously reported increases in lipid peroxidation, lead to the conclusion that GLA may cause inhibition of tumour cell growth through separate but interlinked pathways, all of which eventually lead to apoptosis and a decrease in tumour development. The influence of mitochondrial OM fatty acyl chain composition upon two important enzymes of energy metabolism, hexokinase and CPT I, both of which have been linked to apoptosis, is of considerable importance for future studies on fatty acid-induced cell death. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V, All rights reserved.
Effect of lycopene on biomarkers of oxidative stress in rats supplemented with ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Eicosapentaenoic (C20:5 n-3, EPA) and docosahexaenoic (C22:6 n-3, DHA) fatty acids are highly susceptible to lipid oxidation and may contribute to oxidative stress. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if a diet rich in EPA and DHA could promote higher oxidation in both plasma and brain tissue of rats and if lycopene supplementation could revert the oxidation biomarkers to their baseline levels. Wistar rats were divided into four groups (7 rats/group): SOY group received AIN93M diet containing 8% soybean oil for 21 days; OMEGA group received 8% fish oil containing 2% EPA and 1% DHA instead of soybean oil for 21 days; OMEGA-L0.5 and OMEGA-L50 groups were fed a diet containing 8% fish oil for I I days followed by lycopene supplementation (5 and 500 mg/kg diet, respectively) for 10 more days. The brain homogenate oxidation measured by TBARS suggested that supplementation with EPA and DHA reduced the oxidation rate and this effect was suppressed by lycopene at both concentrations. Antioxidant capacity measured by DPPH method in plasma of groups supplemented with EPA and DHA was nil while in SOY group it was 21.4%. Lycopene was not detected in the plasma of the animals. It is likely that antioxidants present in plasma have been depleted to keep malondialdehyde concentration measured by TBARS unchanged. Both plasma malondialdehyde concentration and antioxidant activity of groups with and without lycopene supplementation did not differ. Hence, diets rich in EPA and DHA did not promote higher oxidation in rat brain homogenate but reduced plasma antioxidant capacity. Lycopene did not show antioxidant plasma protection at both doses. Taking into account that plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration did not change among the groups and that rats synthesize ascorbic acid, additional research should be carried out to identify the oxidative results observed in this study. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory Diets; Chronic disease is driven by inflammation. This article will provide an overview on how the balance of macronutrients and omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in the diet can alter the expression of inflammatory genes. In particular, how the balance of the protein to glycemic load of a meal can alter the generation of insulin and glucagon and the how the balance of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids can effect eicosanoid formation. Clinical results on the reduction of inflammation following anti-inflammatory diets are discussed as well as the molecular targets of anti-inflammatory nutrition.To overcome silent inflammation requires an anti-inflammatory diet (with omega-3s and polyphenols, in particular those of Maqui). The most important aspect of such an anti-inflammatory diet is the stabilization of insulin and reduced intake of omega-6 fatty acids.The ultimate treatment lies in reestablishing hormonal and genetic balance to generate satiety instead of constant hunger. Anti-inflammatory nutrition, balanced 40:30:30 with caloric restriction, should be considered as a form of gene silencing technology, in particular the silencing of the genes involved in the generation of silent inflammation. To this anti-inflammatory diet foundation supplemental omega-3 fatty acids at the level of 2-3g of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) per day should be added. Finally, a diet rich in colorful, nonstarchy vegetables would contribute adequate amounts of polyphenols to help not only to inhibit nuclear factor (NF)-B (primary molecular target of inflammation) but also activate AMP kinase.Understanding the impact of an anti-inflammatory diet on silent inflammation can elevate the diet from simply a source of calories to being on the cutting edge of gene-silencing technology.
Gamma-linolenic acid provides additional protection against ventricular fibrillation in aged rats fed linoleic acid rich diets; Ligation of the coronary artery in rats produces severe ventricular fibrillation (VF) and malignant cardiac arrhythmia. Mortality increases with the age of the animal. Diets rich in saturated fatty acids (SF) but low in linoleic acid (LA) increase, but diets high in LA and low in SF decrease the severity of VF and mortality in older animals. The effects of an LA enriched diet can be blocked by inhibition of cyclooxygenase suggesting that conversion of LA to eicosanoids is central to the development of VF. Conversion of LA to gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) via Delta-6 desaturase is the first step in the process. The activity of Delta-6 desaturase declines with age. Thus inclusion of GLA in the diet of older animals may provide an additional benefit over LA alone. Dietary supplements of evening primrose oil (EPO) to one year old rats reduced ischaemic VF more than a supplement of sunflower seed oil (SSO) without GLA. Substitution of borage oil (more GLA than EPO but less LA than either EPO or SSO) was without additional benefit. (C) 200 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Walnut consumption and gut microbial metabolism: Results of an exploratory analysis from a randomized, crossover, controlled-feeding study; Background & aims: The effect of walnut-related modulation of gut microbiota composition on microbiota functionality is unknown. The aim was to characterize the effect of a walnut-enriched diet (WD), compared to a fatty acid-matched diet devoid of walnuts (WFMD) and a diet where oleic acid replaces alpha-linolenic acid (ORAD), on bacterial gene expression. Methods: A 3-period, randomized, crossover, controlled-feeding study was conducted. Participants were provided a 2-week run-in standard western diet (SWD; 50% kcal carbohydrate, 16% protein, 34% fat, 12% SFA). Following the SWD in random sequence order, participants were provided the WD, WFMD, and ORAD (48% carbohydrate; 17% protein; fat 35%; 7% SFA). The WD contained 18% of energy from walnuts (57 g/d/ 2100 kcal). The WFMD and ORAD were devoid of walnuts; liquid non-tropical plant oils were included in these diets. Metatranscriptomic analyses were performed as an exploratory outcome. Results: The analytical sample included 35 participants (40% female) with a mean +/- SD age of 43 +/- 10 y and BMI of 30.3 +/- 4.9 kg/m(2). The alpha-diversity of taxa actively expressing genes, assessed by observed species (p = 0.27) and Pielou's Evenness (p = 0.09), did not differ among the diets. The alpha-diversity of actively expressed genes was greater following the WD compared to the WFMD and ORAD as assessed by the observed genes and Pielou's Evenness metrics (p < 0.05). beta-Diversity of the actively expressed genes differed following the WD compared to the WFMD (p = 0.001) and ORAD (p = 0.001); beta-diversity did not differ between the WFMD and ORAD. Active composition analyses showed increased Gordonibacter (p < 0.001) activity following the WD vs. the ORAD. Greater expression of many genes was observed following the WD compared to the WFMD and ORAD. Following the WD, greater expression of metabolism-related genes encoding glycine amidinotransferase (GATM; K00613) and arginine deiminase (K01478) was observed compared to the WFMD. Greater expression of glycine amidinotransferase (GATM; K00613) by Gordonibacter was also observed following the WD vs. the WFMD and ORAD. Conclusion: Our results suggest walnut intake may increase endogenous production of homoarginine through gut microbiota-mediated upregulation of GATM, which is a novel mechanism by which walnuts may lower cardiovascular disease risk. However, given the exploratory nature replication is needed. (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Adherence to the 2021 dietary guidelines of the European Society of Cardiology on cardiovascular disease prevention in residents of the Pomeranian Voivodeship with increased cardiovascular risk; INTRODUCTION Good eating habits can reduce cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVES The aim of this work was to verify the compliance with the new European Society of Cardiology (ESC) dietary guidelines in people with increased risk of cardiovascular disease.PATIENTS AND METHODS The study included 1244 current or former smokers (636 men and 608 women) at a mean (SD) age of 61.6 (6.4) years who volunteered for the MOLTEST BIS lung cancer prevention program. During the program, 49% of the patients were diagnosed with one of the following: arterial hypertension (AH), diabetes mellitus (DM), or coronary artery disease (CAD). The patients with lung cancer were excluded from the study. The participants completed a Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ-6) and their food intake was assessed with a 24-hour dietary recall method.RESULTS Only 2% of the studied individuals declared consuming more than 2 servings of both fruits and vegetables every day, and only 3% of the respondents confirmed daily nut consumption. Most of them weighed too much, consumed too little fiber, and derived too much energy from total and saturated fats. The mean animal to plant protein ratio was higher than recommended, as was the omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio. Only 40% of the participants with AH, DM, or CAD had a daily cholesterol intake below 200 mg, and in only 12% of them less than 7% of total energy came from saturated fats. CONCLUSIONS The smokers with increased cardiovascular risk did not comply with the 2021 ESC dietary recommendations. The most common error was inadequate consumption of vegetables, fruits, and nuts.
Lifestyle changes to prevent cardio- and cerebrovascular disease at midlife: A systematic review; Cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases are leading causes of death and morbidity in ageing populations. While numerous cohort studies show inverse associations of presumably healthy lifestyles and cardiovascular risk factors, the causal link to many modifiable behaviors is still insufficiently evidence-based. Because of bias of studies and heterogeneity of results, we performed a systematic review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies on lifestyle patterns including nutrition, physical activity, smoking, and weight versus incidence and mortality of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. A search string retrieved 624 references in PubMed covering the last five years. Two researchers screened titles and abstracts independently but with equivalent results. Nineteen references met the inclusion criteria. Results affirm that high adherence to plant-based diets, including components such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, low-fat dairy, olive oil, nuts, and low intake of sodium, sweetened beverages, alcohol, and red and processed meats, results in lower risk of vascular outcomes in a dose-dependent manner. Physical activity quantified as walking pace or cardiorespi-ratory fitness yielded an inverse effect on stroke. Health measures such as smoking status, BMI and increase in body weight are associated with substantial risk of the incidence of and mortality from cardio-and cerebro-vascular diseases, while strong adherence to an overall prudent lifestyle lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 66 % and that stroke by 60 %. In summary, increasing numbers of and adherence to health behaviors may markedly lower the burden of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. However, future research should focus on randomized controlled trials to test for causal relationships.
Pharmacologic approaches for the management of patients with moderately elevated triglycerides (150-499 mg/dL); Hypertriglyceridemia, defined as serum triglyceride (TG) levels > 150 mg/dL, now affects over one-quarter of the US adult population and is associated with an increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Available guidelines for managing hypertriglyceridemia vary with respect to TG thresholds and severity of disease. Lifestyle modifications and management of secondary causes (eg, diabetes) remain the first step in managing hypertriglyceridemia, with pharmacotherapy reserved to reduce the risk of pancreatitis and/or further reduce TG levels. Several classes of lipid-lowering agents are available with variable TG-lowering efficacy. Although there is no consensus regarding the choice of initial TG-lowering pharmacotherapy, there is general agreement that the decision depends on the degree of hypertriglyceridemia and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk. This review will discuss available and emerging lipid-lowering therapies for the management of moderately elevated TG, defined as TG 150 to 499 mg/dL. (C) 2017 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Influence of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and ornithine concentrations on complications after renal transplant; Objectives: The present study, registered at clinicaltrials-gov with the unique registration number NCT00560014, sought to evaluate the relations between fatty acid concentrations in red blood cells or plasma and amino acid concentrations in plasma on rejection, calcineurin inhibitor toxicity, and new-onset diabetes mellitus.
Resolvin D1 Reduces Infarct Size Through a Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase/Protein Kinase B Mechanism; This study was designed to determine if Resolvin D1 (RvD1), a pro-resolution metabolite of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid, could decrease myocardial infarct size with delivered at the onset of ischemia. Male Sprague Dawley rats underwent 40 minutes of myocardial ischemia followed by reperfusion. These animals received 1 intraventricular injection of RvD1 (0.01, 0.1, or 0.3 mu g RvD1) or vehicle (saline) before coronary occlusion. Infarct size and neutrophil accumulation were evaluated 24 hours after the onset of reperfusion. Caspase-3, caspase-8, protein kinase B (Akt) activities were evaluated 30 minutes after the reperfusion. Rats receiving 0.1 or 0.3 mu g RvD1 showed a significant decrease of infarct size and caspase-3 and caspase-8 activities compared with the vehicle controls. Neutrophil accumulations were reduced in rats administered RvD1 compared with vehicle, independently of dose level. Akt activation was increased only in animals receiving 0.1 or 0.3 mu g, whereas no change was observed in the 0.01 mu g group. When they were treated with LY-294002, a phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt inhibitor, cardioprotection by RvD1 was abrogated. RvD1 treatment at the onset of ischemia decreases infarct size by a mechanism involving the PI3K/Akt pathway.
Is Antioxidant and n-3 Supplementation Able to Improve Functional Status in Poststroke Patients? Results from the Nutristroke Trial; Background: To test whether supplementary antioxidants and n-3 fatty acids, alone or in combination, could improve functional status in stroke survivors. Methods: We performed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in 72 stroke patients (47 males; age 65.3 +/- 12.9 years) admitted to a rehabilitation hospital for sequelae of first-ever ischemic stroke, and divided them into 4 subgroups. Group 1 patients received daily oral antioxidants, group 2 received n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, group 3 both supplements, and group 4 placebo, all for 12 months. No difference at baseline was observed among groups in neurological severity or in disability. All measures were repeated after 6 and 12 months of treatment. All major clinical events were recorded. Results: At baseline, 25% of the patients had a low plasma vitamin status, and 48.5% was at risk of undernutrition. At the 1-year follow-up, we observed a trend for lower mortality (p = 0.060) in subgroups treated with n-3 fatty acids, but without significant differences in rehabilitation result status among groups. Conclusions: Malnutrition is widely observed in patients admitted to a rehabilitative hospital for stroke rehabilitation, and dietary supplementation, even if not able to improve rehabilitation results, is likely to reduce mortality at the 1-year follow-up. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effectiveness of Omega-3 Polysaturated Fatty Acids (Fish Oil) Supplementation for Treating Hypertriglyceridemia in Children and Adolescents; Limited pharmacological options are available for management pediatric hypertriglyceridemia. We examined the effectiveness of dietary fish oil supplementation as a means to reduce triglyceride levels in pediatric patients. We reviewed 111 children aged 8 to 18 years with hypertriglyceridemia (>= 1.5 mmol/L) undergoing treatment in a specialized dyslipidemia clinic. At the treating cardiologist's discretion, 60 subjects received nonprescription fish oil supplementation (500-1000 mg/d), while the remaining patients did not. Initially there were no baseline differences between groups, including the use of concomitant lipid-lowering medication. Treatment with fish oil was associated with a potential clinically relevant but non-statistically significant decrease in triglycerides and triglyceride-tohigh- density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio. Fish oil had no effect on HDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol, or total cholesterol. All associations remained unchanged when adjusted for body mass index z score, nutrition, physical activity, and screen time. Fish oil supplementation was not significantly effective in treating hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric patients.
Low levels of very-long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in Atlantic salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i>) diet reduce fish robustness under challenging conditions in sea cages; The present study aimed to determine the minimum requirements of the essential n-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) that can secure their health under challenging conditions in sea cages. Individually tagged Atlantic salmon were fed 2, 10 and 17 g/kg of EPA + DHA from 400 g until slaughter size (about 3.5 kg). The experimental fish reared in sea cages were subjected to the challenging conditions typically experienced under commercial production. Salmon receiving the lowest EPA + DHA levels showed lower growth rates in the earlier life stages, but no significant difference in final weights at slaughter. The fatty acid composition of various tissues and organs had remarkably changed. The decreased EPA + DHA in the different tissue membrane phospholipids were typically replaced by pro-inflammatory n-6 fatty acids, most markedly in the skin. The EPA + DHA levels were maintained at a higher level in the liver and erythrocytes than in the muscle, intestine and skin. After delousing at high water temperatures, the mortality rates were 63, 52 and 16 % in the salmon fed 2, 10 and 17 g/kg EPA + DHA. Low EPA + DHA levels also increased the liver, intestinal and visceral fat amount, reduced intervertebral space and caused mid-intestinal hyper-vacuolisation. Thus, 10 g/kg EPA + DHA in the Atlantic salmon diet, a level previously regarded as sufficient, was found to be too low to maintain fish health under demanding environmental conditions in sea cages.
Long Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Prevention of Allergic and Cardiovascular Disease; The diet is considered to have a major impact on human health. Dietary lipids including long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) possess potent immunomodulatory activities. Over the last decades the incidence of inflammatory disorders including allergic and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) has been rising. This phenomenon is associated with deficiencies in N-3 LCPUFA, found in fatty fish, and increased content of N-6 LCPUFA in the Western diet. LCPUFA act via different mechanisms including membrane fluidity, raft composition, lipid mediator formation, signaling pathways and transmembrane receptors. N-3 LCPUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can reduce the development of allergic disease by affecting both the innate and adaptive immune system involved in the initiation and persistence of allergic disease. Fish oil has been shown to be effective in the primary prevention of allergic disease in infants at risk when supplemented during pregnancy and lactation. Subtle effects of N-3 LCPUFA on the outcome of the immune response may underlie these protective effects. This review describes the currently reported effects of LCPUFA on dendritic cells, T cells, B cells and mast cells. Also CVD are positively affected by N-3 LCPUFA. Populations consuming high amounts of oily fish are protected against CVD. Moreover N-3 LCPUFA are effective in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. Amongst other effects, EPA and DHA have been shown to suppress endothelial cell activation hereby reducing adhesion molecule expression and endothelial cell - leukocyte interactions. This review describes the mechanistic basis of the preventive role for N-3 LCPUFA in allergic disease and CVD.
Involvement of Microglia in Neurodegenerative Diseases: Beneficial Effects of Docosahexahenoic Acid (DHA) Supplied by Food or Combined with Nanoparticles; Neurodegenerative diseases represent a major public health issue and require better therapeutic management. The treatments developed mainly target neuronal activity. However, an inflammatory component must be considered, and microglia may constitute an important therapeutic target. Given the difficulty in developing molecules that can cross the blood-brain barrier, the use of food-derived molecules may be an interesting therapeutic avenue. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (22:6 omega-3), has an inhibitory action on cell death and oxidative stress induced in the microglia. It also acts on the inflammatory activity of microglia. These data obtained in vitro or on animal models are corroborated by clinical trials showing a protective effect of DHA. Whereas DHA crosses the blood-brain barrier, nutritional intake lacks specificity at both the tissue and cellular level. Nanomedicine offers new tools which favor the delivery of DHA at the cerebral level, especially in microglial cells. Because of the biological activities of DHA and the associated nanotargeting techniques, DHA represents a therapeutic molecule of interest for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases.</p>
Fish oil induced hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress in BioF1B hamsters is attenuated by elderberry extract; We have previously reported fish oil induced hyperlipidemia in BioF1B hamsters compared with Golden Syrian (GS) hamsters. Elderberry (Sambucus nigra L.) extract is abundant in anthocyanins and is believed to exert cardioprotective effects primarily by virtue of its hypolipidemic and antioxidant potential. In the current study, high-fat fish oil feeding increased oxidative stress in BioF1B hamsters compared with GS hamsters; this increase was associated with increased levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in plasma and liver. We then investigated whether cosupplementation with anthocyanin-rich elderberry extract would reverse fish oil induced hyperlipidemia and reduce lipid peroxidation in BioF1B hamsters. Plasma and hepatic lipids decreased significantly when hamsters were fed diets containing elderberry extract along with fish oil. Both plasma and liver thiobarbituric acid reactive substances showed significant reductions upon cosupplementation with elderberry extract in fish oil fed BioF1B hamsters. Our findings demonstrate that cosupplementation with elderberry extract reverses hyperlipidemia and lipid peroxidation observed with dietary fish oil alone in BioF1B hamsters.
Atherosclerosis Development and Aortic Contractility in Hypercholesterolemic Rabbits Supplemented with Two Different Flaxseed Varieties; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is widely regarded as the main beneficial component of flax for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. We evaluated the effect of the transgenic flaxseed W86-which is rich in ALA-on the lipid profile, atherosclerosis progression, and vascular reactivity in hypercholesterolemic rabbits compared to the parental cultivar Linola with a very low ALA content. Rabbits were fed a basal diet (control) or a basal diet supplemented with 1% cholesterol, 1% cholesterol and 10% flaxseed W86, or 1% cholesterol and 10% Linola flaxseed. A high-cholesterol diet resulted in an elevated plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels compared to the control animals. Aortic sections from rabbits fed Linola had lower deposits of foamy cells than those from rabbits fed W86. A potassium-induced and phenylephrine-induced contractile response was enhanced by a high-cholesterol diet and not influenced by the W86 or Linola flaxseed. Pretreatment of the aortic rings with nitro-L-arginine methyl ester resulted in a concentration-dependent tendency to increase the reaction amplitude in the control and high-cholesterol diet groups but not the flaxseed groups. Linola flaxseed with a low ALA content more effectively reduced the atherosclerosis progression compared with the W86 flaxseed with a high concentration of stable ALA. Aorta contractility studies suggested that flaxseed ameliorated an increased contractility in hypercholesterolemia but had little or no impact on NO synthesis in the vascular wall.
No Effect of Calanus Oil on Maximal Oxygen Uptake in Healthy Participants: A Randomized Controlled Study; We aimed to investigate the long-term effect of daily Calanus oil supplementation on maximal oxygen uptake (VO(2)max) in healthy 30- to 50-year-old participants. The study was motivated by preclinical studies reporting increased VO(2)max and metabolic health with omega-3 rich Calanus oil. In a double-blinded study, 71 participants were randomized to receive 2 g/day of Calanus or placebo supplementation for a total of 6 months. The participants underwent exercise testing and clinical investigations at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Main study endpoint was change in VO(2)max from baseline to 6 months. Fifty-eight participants completed the 6-month test and were included in the final data analysis (age: Calanus, 39.7 [38.0, 41.4] and placebo, 38.8 [36.8, 40.9] years; body mass index: Calanus, 24.8 [24.0, 25.6] and placebo, 24.8 [23.7, 25.8] kg/m(2); and VO(2)max: Calanus, 50.4 [47.1, 53.8] and placebo, 50.2 [47.2, 53.1] ml center dot kg(-1)center dot min(-1)). There were no between-group differences at baseline, nor were there any between-group differences in absolute (Calanus, 3.74 [3.44, 4.04] and placebo, 3.79 [3.44, 4.14] L/min) or relative VO(2)max (Calanus, 49.7 [46.2, 53.2] and placebo, 49.5 [46.0, 53.1] ml center dot kg(-1)center dot min(-)1()) at 6 months (mean [95% confidence interval]). There were no between-groups change in clinical measures from baseline to 3 and 6 months. In conclusion, VO(2)max was unaffected by 6 months of daily Calanus oil supplementation in healthy, physically fit, normal to overweight men and women between 30 and 50 years old.
Association of <i>n</i>-3 long-chain PUFA and fish intake with depressive symptoms and low dispositional optimism in older subjects with a history of myocardial infarction; Individuals with CHD are at increased risk of poor mental well-being. Dietary intake of EPA and DHA, the main n-3 fatty acids from fish, may be beneficial to mental well-being. We examined the association of EPA + DHA and fish intake with mental well-being in 644 participants, aged 60-80 years, with a history of myocardial infarction. Habitual food intake was assessed with a 203-item FFQ. Depressive symptoms were assessed with the self-report geriatric depression scale, and dispositional optimism was assessed with the revised life orientation test (LOT-R) and a four-item questionnaire (4Q). In Cox-regression models modified for cross-sectional analyses, we adjusted for sex, age, energy intake, BMI, family history of depression, education, marital status, smoking, physical activity and intake of saturated fat, alcohol and fibre. Compared with the lower tertile, subjects in the higher tertile of EPA + DHA intake had a lower prevalence of depressive symptoms, but this association was not statistically significant (prevalence ratio (PR) 0.78; 95% CI 0.50, 1-22, P-trend 0-27). The higher tertile of EPA+ DHA intake was positively associated with dispositional optimism measured with the 4Q (PR 0.69; 95% CI 0.46, 1.03, P-trend 0.05), but not according to the LOT-R. Fish intake was not related to either depressive symptoms or dispositional optimism. In conclusion, intake of EPA+ DHA was positively associated with dispositional optimism assessed with the 4Q, but not with optimism assessed with the LOT-R or with depressive symptoms.
Fatty acids as determinants of <i>in-vivo</i> lipid peroxidation: The EFFGE study in Eastern Finnish hypertensive and non-hypertensive subjects; Background. The degree of fatty acid (FA) unsaturation as a determinant of lipid peroxidation has been inadequately studied.
Metabolome and transcriptome analysis reveal the effect of methyl jasmonate on phytosterol biosynthesis in <i>Brassica napus</i>; Phytosterols are a group of nonpharmacological alternatives to prevent or control dyslipidemias and cardiovascular disease. Increasing the phytosterol content in rapeseed oil is important to enhance daily phytosterol intake. However, the mechanisms of biosynthesis and regulation of phytosterol in rapeseed remain unclear. In this study, two representative rapeseed cultivars with extremely high (H286) and low (H174) phytosterol content were selected and treated with various concentrations (0.5-5.0 mM) of methyl jasmonate (MeJA). The results showed that treatment with 1 mM MeJA increased the phytosterol content of H174 and H286 by 17% and 27%, respectively. Based on the multiomics data, a gene-phytosterol regulatory network was constructed. We deduced that MeJA down-regulated the expression level of BnaA07.SCL15, BnaC05.MYB61, and BnaC03.AGL2, thereby promoting the phytosterol biosynthesis , and which were validated through the transient expression in tobacco. Notably, overexpression of Arabidopsis BnaA07.SCL15 exhibited a significant decrease in their phytosterol content. Additionally, an integrative analysis of the high-resolution metabolome and transcriptome revealed that the accumulation patterns of 997 metabolites were highly correlated with their corresponding gene expression patterns. MeJA also significantly affected flavonoid biosynthesis, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, and amino acid metabolism. Furthermore, BnaA09.TT8 and BnaC09.TT8 were found to regulate of flavonoids. Overall, this study provides valuable insights into the phytosterol biosynthesis in rapeseed and offers a simple and effective approach for improving rapeseed quality.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular disease and cancer: not too much and not too little? The need for clinical trials; Low vitamin D levels are more common in women than in men. Low vitamin D levels have been implicated in numerous disease processes including fracture risk, falls, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and cancers. In this article we review recent evidence regarding associations between low vitamin D levels and cancers and cardiovascular disease. We also review evidence regarding associations between high vitamin D levels and vascular calcifications and pancreatic cancer. It appears that there is probably an optimal level of vitamin D that is neither too high nor too low that is required to maximize health. On going clinical trials should aid in elucidating the optimal levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D for numerous health outcomes.
Antihypertensive effect of docosahexaenoic acid in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an n-3 unsaturated fatty acid derived from fish oils. The precise mechanisms of DHA actions are still obscure. Especially, the antihypertensive effect of DHA has not yet been elucidated. Stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) provide the best available model for essential hypertension and stroke. The present study was undertaken to elucidate the effects of long term administration of DHA on blood pressure and stroke-related behavior in SHRSP. The blood pressure of DHA-treated SHRSP was lowered significantly as compared with that of non-treated SHRSP. DHA produced an ameliorative effect on the decreased passive avoidance response in SHRSP. DHA also improved the behavioral changes in spontaneous motor activity of SHRSP. DHA-treated SHRSP produced a significant decrease in the levels of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, triglycerides, lipid peroxide, serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen as compared with those in non-treated SHRSP. These findings indicate that the DHA-induced antihypertensive action may be associated with the amelioration of both serum lipid alteration and renal dysfunction in non-treated SHRSP. Moreover, DHA-treated SHRSP maintain the normal levels of acetylcholine and choline concentrations in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex. These findings demonstrated that DHA produced an ameliorative effect on cholinergic nerve dysfunction in SHRSP. The improved cholinergic nerve function induced by DHA might have an inhibitory effect on stroke-related behavior in SHRSP. The present study suggests that long term administration of DHA may suppress the development of hypertension and stroke-related behavioral changes in SHRSP.
A krill oil supplemented diet reduces the activities of the mitochondrial tricarboxylate carrier and of the cytosolic lipogenic enzymes in rats; The mitochondrial tricarboxylate carrier supplies cytosol with the carbon units necessary for hepatic lipogenesis. The activities of cytosolic acetyl-CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthetase are therefore strictly connected to the function of mitochondrial tricarboxylate carrier. Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are potent modulators of hepatic lipogenesis. In rats fed with a diet enriched with 2.5% krill oil (KO), a novel source of dietary n-3 PUFA, a time-dependent decrease in the activities of the mitochondrial tricarboxylate carrier and of the lipogenic enzymes was found. The KO induced inhibition of hepatic lipogenesis was more pronounced than that found in fish oil (FO)-fed rats, at least at short feeding times. The decrease in the activity of the mitochondrial tricarboxylate carrier caused by KO was due to a reduced expression of the protein. Furthermore, in the KO-fed animals a greater reduction in the levels of hepatic triglycerides and cholesterol was found in comparison to FO-fed rats.
Factors influencing EPA plus DHA levels in red blood cells in Japan; The blood eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA+DHA) concentration is an important inverse risk factor for sudden cardiac death. However, it is not known what kinds of factors influence the EPA+DHA levels in the total phospholipid fraction in red blood cells (RBC EPA+DHA) in Japan, who regularly eat more fish with increasing age. Four hundred and fifty-six healthy individuals (320 men and 136 women, 18 to 70 years old) were recruited between 2002 and 2005. RBC EPA+DHA were measured by gas chromatography and questionnaires were administered. Multivariate analysis indicated that there were significant correlations between RBC EPA+DHA and (i) dietary EPA+DHA (beta=0.31), (ii) age (beta=0.33), (iii) gender (beta=-0.15) and (iv) physical activity ( beta=-0.11) but not with body mass index or smoking.
The Science of Fatty Acids and Inflammation; Inflammation is believed to play a central role in many of the chronic diseases that characterize modern society. In the past decade, our understanding of how dietary fats affect our immune system and subsequently our inflammatory status has grown considerably. There are compelling data showing that high-fat meals promote endotoxin [e.g., lipopolysaccharide (LPS)] translocation into the bloodstream, stimulating innate immune cells and leading to a transient postprandial inflammatory response. The nature of this effect is influenced by the amount and type of fat consumed. The role of various dietary constituents, including fats, on gut microflora and subsequent health outcomes in the host is another exciting and novel area of inquiry. The impact of specific fatty acids on inflammation may be central to how dietary fats affect health. Three key fatty acid inflammation interactions are briefly described. First, the evidence suggests that saturated fatty acids induce inflammation in part by mimicking the actions of LPS. Second, the often-repeated claim that dietary linoleic acid promotes inflammation was not supported in a recent systematic review of the evidence. Third, an explanation is offered for why omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids are so much less anti-inflammatory in humans than in mice. The article closes with a cautionary tale from the genomic literature that illustrates why extrapolating the results from inflammation studies in mice to humans is problematic.
Dietary n-3 PUFA increases the apoptotic response to 1,2-dimethylhydrazine, reduces mitosis and suppresses the induction of carcinogenesis in the rat colon; The effect of dietary fish oil on colonic crypt cell apoptosis and proliferation was examined in male Wistar rats, 24 and 48 h after administration of 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (DMH), and its influence on the induction of aberrant crypt foci (ACF) in the distal colon was assessed. Rats (125-150 g) fed a high-fat semi-synthetic diet containing corn oil (CO) were given DMH (30 mg/kg body wt) or a sham injection of EDTA/NaCl. Animals were then fed either the CO diet or a diet in which fish oil (EPA 18.7%; DHA 8%) was substituted for corn oil. Subgroups of rats (n = 5) were killed after 24 and 48 h, and crypt cell apoptosis and proliferation were quantified by morphological criteria in isolated intact crypts from the mid and distal colon. Consumption of the fish oil diet (FO) was associated with increased apoptotic cell death (P < 0.001) and suppression of proliferation (P < 0.05) in colonic crypts both 24 and 48 h after DMH, In a second experiment, animals were given three injections of DMH or sham injections of carrier at weekly intervals. For 48 h after each injection animals were fed either the CO or FO diet, but otherwise maintained on the CO throughout. The number and crypt multiplicity of ACF in the distal colon were determined after 18 weeks, and animals given the FO diet for the 48 h period following carcinogen administration were found to have significantly fewer ACF than rats fed the CO diet (P < 0.05). The data demonstrate that the fatty acid composition of the diet is an important determinant in the induction of carcinogenesis by DMH, The proliferative and apoptotic response of the colonic crypt to carcinogen and fish oil, coupled with the reduced incidence of ACF, suggest n-3 PUFA can protect against the carcinogenic effects of DMH by mediating changes in the balance proliferation and cell death.
Perspectives on the use of marine and freshwater hydrobiont oils for development of drug delivery systems; Marine foods represent a unique source of poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of the omega-3 (n-3) family. Today it is generally accepted that fish oil is important in a healthy and balanced omnivorous human diet. This favorable health perception of fish oil is however troubled by the high level of PUFA oxidation and low absorption in the gastro-intestinal tract. In this work we present and described various types of delivery systems which are used to improve PUFA and fish oil availability and oxidative stability. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed Supplementation Reduces Plasma Lipoprotein(a) Levels: A Meta-Analysis; Context . Elevated levels of lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] are an independent risk factor for premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). Flaxseed (Linum usitiatissimum L.) is a rich source of alpha-linolenic acid, phytoestrogens, and lignans and has been shown to improve several cardiovascular risk factors, although the overall effect on Lp(a) is unknown.
Symposium on 'nutrition interventions in high-risk groups' - CVD risk in South Asians: the importance of defining adiposity and influence of dietary polyunsaturated fat; The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS), CVD and type 2 diabetes (T2D) is known to be higher in populations from the Indian subcontinent compared with the general UK population. While identification of this increased risk is crucial to allow for effective treatment, there is controversy over the applicability of diagnostic criteria, and particularly measures of adiposity in ethnic minorities. Diagnostic cut-offs for BMI and waist circumference have been largely derived from predominantly white Caucasian populations and, therefore, have been inappropriate and not transferable to Asian groups. Many Asian populations, particularly South Asians, have a higher total and central adiposity for a similar body weight compared with matched Caucasians and greater CVD risk associated with a lower BMI. Although the causes of CVD and T2D are multi-factorial, diet is thought to make a substantial contribution to the development of these diseases. Low dietary intakes and tissue levels of long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA in South Asian populations have been linked to high-risk abnormalities in the MetS. Conversely, increasing the dietary intake of LC n-3 PUFA in South Asians has proved an effective strategy for correcting such abnormalities as dyslipidaemia in the MetS. Appropriate diagnostic criteria that include a modified definition of adiposity must be in place to facilitate the early detection and thus targeted treatment of increased risk in ethnic minorities.
Single measurement of serum phospholipid fatty acid as a biomarker of specific fatty acid intake in middle-aged Japanese men; Objective: To assess the utility of serum phospholipid fatty acid (FA) levels as a biochemical indicator of habitual dietary fatty acid intake in Japanese, whose diet is characterized by low fat intake and high intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of marine origin.
Induction of apoptosis by polyunsaturated fatty acids and its relationship to fatty acid inhibition of carnitine palmitoyltransferase I activity in Hep2 cells; The effects of fatty acids on the induction of apoptosis were studied over a 24 hour period in Hep2 human larynx tumour cells. While oleic and linoleic acids had little effect on the apoptotic index, the polyunsaturated fatty acids alpha-linolenic, gamma-linolenic, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids all induced apoptosis, beginning at similar to 6 hours after fatty acid exposure. By 24 hours after exposure, the apoptotic index had reached as much as 19% in the presence of docosahexaenoic or alpha-linolenic acid. The correlation between degree of unsaturation of the 18-carbon fatty acids and the apoptotic index was r(2)=0.45, 0.89, 0.84 and 0.98 at 6, 8, 12 and 24 hours, respectively. The correlation between mitochondrial carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT I) activity, 6 hours after exposure, and the apoptotic index was r(2)=0.842 and 0.798 at 12 and 24 hours, respectively. The inhibition of CPT I and subsequent fatty acid oxidation by polyunsaturated fatty acids leads to a significant increase in apoptosis, suggesting that CPT I may be involved in the processes of programmed cell death in Hep2 human tumour cells.
Pasting and rheological properties of chia composites containing barley flour; The unique chia-barley composites contain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (-3 PUFAs) from chia and high -glucan content from barley that are well known for lowering blood cholesterol and preventing coronary heart disease. The pasting and rheological properties of chia and barley composites were characterised using Rapid Visco Analyser followed by an advanced rheometer. Shear-thinning properties were observed for all the composites. The pasting and rheological properties of the products were not greatly influenced by 10% or 20% ground chia replacements but showed differences at the 50% replacement level. The results suggested that the elastic properties of chia-barley composites 1:1 with chia were improved by the chia component. Also, the chia-barley composites gave improved water-holding capacities, particularly at the 50% level. Whole chia seeds are not easily utilised because of their hard coat. These fine particle composites should be helpful for preparing functional food products having enhanced health benefits.
Mercury, eicosapentanoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid demonstrate limited effect on plasma paraoxonase-1 activity and blood pressure among avid seafood consumers in the Long Island Study of Seafood Consumption, NY, USA; Background and aim: Moderate fish consumption is recommended for prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have known beneficial effects on risk factors such as reducing blood pressure (BP) and increasing paraoxonase-1 (PON-1) activity. However concomitant methylmercury (MeHg) exposure from fish consumption may mitigate these benefits and the net effect on BP and PON-1 activity has not been extensively studied in western populations consuming diverse seafood types. We studied the correlation between EPA, DHA and Hg levels with BP and PON-1 activity in a population of avid seafood consumers.
Statin action favors normalization of the plasma lipidome in the atherogenic mixed dyslipidemia of MetS: potential relevance to statin-associated dysglycemia; The impact of statin treatment on the abnormal plasma lipidome of mixed dyslipidemic patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS), a group at increased risk of developing diabetes, was evaluated. Insulin-resistant hypertriglyceridemic hypertensive obese males (n = 12) displaying MetS were treated with pitavastatin (4 mg/day) for 180 days; healthy normolipidemic age-matched nonobese males (n = 12) acted as controls. Statin treatment substantially normalized triglyceride (-41%), remnant cholesterol (-55%), and LDL-cholesterol (-39%), with minor effect on HDL-cholesterol (+4%). Lipidomic analysis, normalized to nonHDL-cholesterol in order to probe statin-induced differences in molecular composition independently of reduction in plasma cholesterol, revealed increment in 132 of 138 lipid species that were subnormal at baseline and significantly shifted toward the control group on statin treatment. Increment in alkyl- and alkenylphospholipids (plasmalogens) was prominent, and consistent with significant statin-induced increase in plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid levels. Comparison of the statin-mediated lipidomic changes in MetS with the abnormal plasma lipidomic profile characteristic of prediabetes and T2D in the Australian Diabetes, Obesity, and Lifestyle Study and San Antonio Family Heart Study cohorts by hypergeometric analysis revealed a significant shift toward the lipid profile of controls, indicative of a marked trend toward a normolipidemic phenotype. Pitavastatin attenuated the abnormal plasma lipidome of MetS patients typical of prediabetes and T2D.
Reduction in Serum LDL Cholesterol Using a Nutrient Compendium in Hyperlipidemic Adults Unable or Unwilling to Use Statin Therapy: A Double-Blind Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial; Background: Many hyperlipidemic patients prescribed beta-hydroxy-beta-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) are unable or unwilling to take them. A hedonically acceptable snack-based solution formulated from cholesterol-lowering food ingredients could represent a therapeutic alternative but has not been tested in this population.
Modulation of prostate cancer genetic risk by ornega-3 and ornega-6 fatty acids; Although a causal role of genetic alterations in human cancer is well established, it is still unclear whether dietary fat can modulate cancer risk in a predisposed population. Epidemiological studies suggest that diets rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce cancer incidence. To determine the influence of fatty acids on prostate cancer risk in animals with a defined genetic lesion, we used prostate-specific Pten-knockout mice, an immune-competent, orthotopic prostate cancer model, and diets with defined polyunsaturated fatty acid levels. We found that omega-3 fatty acids reduced prostate tumor growth, slowed histopathological progression, and increased survival, whereas omega-6 fatty acids had opposite effects. Introducing an omega-3 desaturase, which converts omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids, into the Pten-knockout mice reduced tumor growth similarly to the omega-3 diet. Tumors from mice on the omega-3 diet had lower proportions of phosphorylated Bad and higher apoptotic indexes compared with those from mice on omega-6 diet. Knockdown of Bad eliminated omega-3-induced cell death, and introduction of exogenous Bad restored the sensitivity to omega-3 fatty acids. Our data suggest that modulation of prostate cancer development by polyunsaturated fatty acids is mediated in part through Bad-dependent apoptosis. This study highlights the importance of gene-diet interactions in prostate cancer.
Enhanced cellular uptake of protoporphyrine IX/linolenic acid-conjugated spherical nanohybrids for photodynamic therapy; Protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) has wide applications in photodynamic diagnosis and photodynamic therapy (PDT) in many human diseases. However, poor water solubility and cancer cell localization limit its direct application for PDT. We improved the water-solubility and cellular internalization of PpIX to enhance PDT efficacy by developing biocompatible PplX/linolenic acid-conjugated polyhedral oligomeric silsesquioxane (PPLA) nanohybrids. The resulting PPLA nanohybrids exhibited a quasi-spherical shape with a size of <200 nm. H-1 NMR analysis confirmed the synthesis of PPLA. The singlet oxygen formation of PPLA nanohybrids on laser irradiation was detected by photoluminescence emission. Fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) analysis displayed higher cellular internalization of PPLA compared with free PpIX. In addition, PPLA nanohybrids exhibited significantly reduced dark-toxicity and a high phototoxicity mostly because of apoptotic cell death against human gastric cancer cells. These results imply that the PPLA nanohybrid system may be applicable in PDT. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Plasma n-6 Fatty Acid Levels Are Associated With CD4 Cell Counts, Hospitalization, and Mortality in HIV-Infected Patients; Background: Fatty acids, including n-6 series, modulate immune function, but their effect on CD4 cell counts, death, or hospitalization in HIV-infected patients on antiretroviral therapy is unknown.
Endogenous n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Attenuate T Cell-Mediated Hepatitis <i>via</i> Autophagy Activation; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert anti-inflammatory effects in several liver disorders, including cirrhosis, acute liver failure, and fatty liver disease. To date, little is known about their role in immune-mediated liver diseases. In this study, we used fat-1 transgenic mice rich in endogenous n-3 PUFAs to examine the role of n-3 PUFAs in immune-mediated liver injury. Concanavalin A (Con A) was administered intravenously to wild-type (WT) and fat-1 transgenic mice to induce T cell-mediated hepatitis. Reduced liver damage was shown in Con A-administrated fat-1 transgenic mice, as evidenced by decreased mortality, attenuated hepatic necrosis, lessened serum alanine aminotransferase activity, and inhibited production of pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g., TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-17A, and IFN-gamma). In vivo and in vitro studies demonstrated that n-3 PUFAs significantly inhibited the activation of hepatic T cells and the differentiation of Th1 cells after Con A challenge. Further studies showed that n-3 PUFAs markedly increased autophagy level in Con A-treated fat-1 T cells compared with the WT counterparts. Blocking hepatic autophagy activity with chloroquine diminished the differences in T cell activation and liver injury between Con A-injected WT and fat-1 transgenic mice. We conclude that n-3 PUFAs limit Con A-induced hepatitis via an autophagy-dependent mechanism and could be exploited as a new therapeutic approach for autoimmune hepatitis.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity in relation to stroke among Iranian adults; Objective: This study was conducted to investigate the association between dietary TAC and odds of stroke among Iranian adults. Methods: This case-control study was done on 195 hospitalized stroke cases and 195 hospital-based controls in Al-Zahra hospital, Isfahan, Iran. Dietary TAC was estimated using the ferric-reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) international databases. Stroke was confirmed by a trained neurologist using standard imaging methods. Results: Mean dietary TAC was not significantly different comparing cases and controls (10.2 +/- 6.0 vs. 10.4 +/- 4.8, P = 0.61). However, after adjustment for potential confounders including dietary intakes of fiber and omega-3 fatty acids, we found an almost significant inverse association between dietary TAC and odds of stroke; such that each unit increase in dietary TAC was associated with 29% reduced odds of stroke (OR: 0.71; 95% CI: 0.50-1.01, P = 0.06). When we examined the association across tertiles of dietary TAC, we found that after controlling for potential confounders, those in the top tertile of dietary TAC were 51% less likely to have a stroke than those in the bottom tertile (0.49; 0.23-1.00). Discussion: We found an almost significant inverse association between dietary TAC and odds of stroke.
Effects of dietary fat modification on insulin sensitivity and on other risk factors of the metabolic syndrome-LIPGENE: a European randomized dietary intervention study; Background: Excessive energy intake and obesity lead to the metabolic syndrome (MetS). Dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) may be particularly detrimental on insulin sensitivity (SI) and on other components of the MetS.
Efficacy of a novel whey protein gel complex to increase the unsaturated fatty acid composition of bovine milk fat; A novel whey protein emulsion gel (WPEG) complex was developed to protect dietary unsaturated fatty acids from rumen biohydrogenation with the goal of modifying the fatty acid composition of milk fat. Three experiments were conducted with WPEG complexes made from either whey protein concentrate containing 80% crude protein, whey protein isolate, or whey protein concentrate high-gel capacity. Each experiment lasted 3 wk. All cows received a basal total mixed ration (TMR). During wk 1 and 3, all cows received only the TMR. During wk 2, 3 control cows received 330 g/d of soybean oil added to the TMR, and the other 3 cows received 330 g/d of soybean oil in one of the WPEG complexes. During wk 2, C18:2 increased from 3.29 to 5.88 g/100 g of fat in Experiment 1, 2.91 to 7.42 g/100 g of fat in Experiment 2, and 3.57 to 6.56 g/100 g of fat in Experiment 3 for WPEG cows. Fatty acid C18: 3 increased from 0.51 to 0.84, 0.52 to 1.15, and 0.51 to 0.97 g/100 g of fat for Experiments 1, 2, and 3, respectively, for WPEG cows. Higher proportions of C18: 1 trans-9 in milk fat of control cows compared with WPEG cows were seen in all experiments. The proportion of C18:1 trans-11 was also higher in control cows in Experiments 1 and 2, but not in Experiment 3. The WPEG complexes successfully protected unsaturated fatty acids from rumen biohydrogenation and resulted in an increase in the unsaturated fatty acid composition of milk fat produced by Holstein cows without increasing the trans 18-carbon monoenes.
Age and sex differences in the incorporation of EPA and DHA into plasma fractions, cells and adipose tissue in humans; The aim of the present study was to determine whether age and sex influence both the status and incorporation of EPA and DHA into blood plasma, cells and tissues. The study was a double-blind, randomised, controlled intervention trial, providing EPA plus DHA equivalent to 0, 1, 2 or 4 portions of oily fish per week for 12 months. The participants were stratified by age and sex. A linear regression model was used to analyse baseline outcomes, with covariates for age or sex groups and by adjusting for BMI. The change in outcomes from baseline to 12 months was analysed with additional adjustment for treatment and average compliance. Fatty acid profiles in plasma phosphatidylcholine, cholesteryl esters, NEFA and TAG, mononuclear cells (MNC), erythrocyte membranes, platelets, buccal cells (BU) and adipose tissue (AT) were determined. At baseline, EPA concentrations in plasma NEFA and DHA concentrations in MNC, BU and AT were higher in females than in males (all P<0.05). The concentrations of EPA in AT (P=0.003) and those of DHA in plasma TAG (P<0.01) and AT (P<0.001) were higher with increasing age. Following 12-month supplementation with EPA plus DHA, adjusted mean difference for change in EPA concentrations in plasma TAG was significantly higher in females than in males (P<0.05) and was greater with increasing age (P=0.02). Adjusted mean difference for change in DHA concentrations in AT was significantly smaller with increasing age (P=0.02). Although small differences in incorporation with age and sex were identified, these were not of sufficient magnitude to warrant a move away from population-level diet recommendations for n-3 PUFA.
Genomic, Transcriptomic, and Epigenomic Features Differentiate Genes That Are Relevant for Muscular Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Common Carp; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are a set of important nutrients that mainly include arachidonic acid (ARA4), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Recently, fish-derived PUFAs have been associated with cardiovascular health, fetal development, and improvement of brain functions. Studies have shown that fish muscular tissues are rich in PUFAs, which are influenced by various factors, including genetic variations, regulatory profiles, and methylation status of desaturase genes during fatty acid desaturation and elongation processes. However, the genetic mechanism and the pathways involved in fatty acid metabolism in fishes remain unclear. The overall aim of this study was to assess differences in gene expression responses among fishes with different fatty acid levels. To achieve this goal, we conducted genome-wide association analysis (GWAS) using a 250K SNP array in a population of 203 samples of common carp (Cyprinus carpio) and identified nine SNPs and 15 genes associated with muscular PUFA content. Then, RNA-Seq and whole genome bisulfite sequencing (WGBS) of different groups with high and low EPA, DHA, ARA4, and ALA contents in muscle, liver and brain tissues were conducted, resulting in 6,750 differentially expressed genes and 5,631 genes with differentially methylated promoters. Gene ontology and KEGG pathway enrichment analyses of RNA-Seq and WGBS results identified enriched pathways for fatty acid metabolism, which included the adipocytokine signaling pathway, ARA4 and linoleic acid metabolism pathway, and insulin signaling pathway. Integrated analysis indicated significant correlations between gene expression and methylation status among groups with high and low PUFA contents in muscular tissues. Taken together, these multi-level results uncovered candidate genes and pathways that are associated with fatty acid metabolism and paved the way for further genomic selection and carp breeding for PUFA traits.
Fatty Acids and Their Lipogenic Enzymes in Anorexia Nervosa Clinical Subtypes; Disordered eating behavior differs between the restricting subtype (AN-R) and the binging and purging subtype (AN-BP) of anorexia nervosa (AN). Yet, little is known about how these differences impact fatty acid (FA) dysregulation in AN. To address this question, we analyzed 26 FAs and 7 FA lipogenic enzymes (4 desaturases and 3 elongases) in 96 women: 25 AN-R, 25 AN-BP, and 46 healthy control women. Our goal was to assess subtype-specific patterns. Lauric acid was significantly higher in AN-BP than in AN-R at the fasting timepoint (p = 0.038) and displayed significantly different postprandial changes 2 h after eating. AN-R displayed significantly higher levels of n-3 alpha-linolenic acid, stearidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid, and n-6 linoleic acid and gamma-linolenic acid compared to controls. AN-BP showed elevated EPA and saturated lauric acid compared to controls. Higher EPA was associated with elevated anxiety in AN-R (p = 0.035) but was linked to lower anxiety in AN-BP (p = 0.043). These findings suggest distinct disordered eating behaviors in AN subtypes contribute to lipid dysregulation and eating disorder comorbidities. A personalized dietary intervention may improve lipid dysregulation and enhance treatment effectiveness for AN.
Fatty acids in serum phospholipids and carotid intima-media thickness in Spanish subjects with primary dyslipidemia; Background: Low rates of incident ischemic heart disease (IHD) and cardiac death occur in Spain despite a high prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors. High consumption of unsaturated fatty acid-rich foods, such as olive oil, nuts, and seafood, might underlie this paradox.
A Study on the Production Process Control of <i>Zanthoxylum bungeanum</i> Maxim Seed Kernel Oil without <i>Trans</i>-Fatty Acids; The process control of the production of Zanthoxylum bungeanum Maxim seed kernel oil (ZSKO) with no trans-fatty acids (TFAs) was investigated. Results revealed that drying temperature and time had a small effect on TFA formation in ZSKO. And high concentrations of sodium hydroxide solution had some effect on TFA formation in ZKSO, but there were no TFAs when the concentration of the sodium hydroxide solution was lower than 20% and even at boiling temperature for one hour. The roasting temperature and duration for Zanthoxylum bungeanum Maxim seed (ZS) should be properly controlled at 100 degrees C for six hours or 150 degrees C for two hours. ZS, which has a moisture content of 18%, was pressed four times (two hours) at less than 60 degrees C, and ZSKO was obtained by collection through centrifuge separation. This contained 90.84% unsaturated fatty acids, which mainly include 32.49% alpha-linolenic acid, 29.88% linoleic acid, and 27.52% oleic acids; and there was no TFA. Its acidic value and peroxide value conformed to China standards for edible oil. Therefore, ZKSO could be used as a healthy food for further development.
Association between the dietary inflammatory index and all-cause mortality in osteoarthritis; Background To investigate the association between the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and all-cause mortality in patients with osteoarthritis (OA). Methods In this retrospective cohort study, data on OA patients were obtained from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003-2018. OA diagnosis was self-reported. The study population was divided into low and high DII groups based on the DII's median. All-cause mortality was the outcome, which was determined via linkage to the National Death Index (NDI) until 31 December 2019. Multivariable Cox regression analyses were employed to investigate the association between the DII and all-cause mortality. The survival of the low and high DII groups was exhibited by Kaplan-Meier curves. Furthermore, subgroup analyses were carried out in terms of age and comorbidity. Results A total of 3804 patients with OA were included, with 1902 (50%) in the low DII group and 1902 (50%) in the high DII group. Patients with a high DII had a significantly greater risk of all-cause mortality than those with a low DII (HR = 1.21, 95%CI: 1.02-1.44, P = 0.025). A high DII was associated with a significantly increased risk of all-cause mortality compared with a low DII in patients aged >= 65 years [hazard ratio (HR) = 1.28, 95% confidence level (CI): 1.07-1.53, P = 0.006). Hypertensive patients with a high DII had a significantly greater risk of all-cause mortality than those with a low DII (HR = 1.25, 95%CI: 1.03-1.52, P = 0.025). For patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD), a high DII was associated with a significantly higher risk of all-cause mortality than a low DII (HR = 1.43, 95%CI: 1.17-1.75, P < 0.001). A high DII was associated with a significantly greater risk of all-cause mortality, as compared with a low DII in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) (HR = 1.22, 95%CI: 1.02-1.45, P = 0.026). Conclusion The DII was positively associated with the risk of all-cause mortality in patients with OA. This association differed by age, hypertension, CVD, and CKD. Adherence to diet with a low DII may be beneficial in prognosis improvement.
Effect of exercise training and myocardial infarction on force development and contractile kinetics in isolated canine myocardium; It is well known that moderate exercise training elicits a small increase in ventricular mass (i.e., a physiological hypertrophy) that has many beneficial effects on overall cardiac health. It is also well known that, when a myocardial infarction damages part of the heart, the remaining myocardium remodels to compensate for the loss of viable functioning myocardium. The effects of exercise training, myocardial infarction (MI), and their interaction on the contractile performance of the myocardium itself remain largely to be determined. The present study investigated the contractile properties and kinetics of right ventricular myocardium isolated from sedentary and exercise trained (10-12 wk progressively increasing treadmill running, begun 4 wk after MI induction) dogs with and without a left ventricular myocardial infarction. Exercise training increased force development, whereas MI decreased force development that was not improved by exercise training. Contractile kinetics were significantly slower in the trained dogs, whereas this impact of training was less or no longer present after MI. Length-dependent activation, both evaluated on contractile force and kinetics, was similar in all four groups. The control exercise-trained group exhibited a more positive force-frequency relationship compared with the sedentary control group while both sedentary and trained post-MI dogs had a more negative relationship. Last, the impact of the beta-adrenergic receptor agonist isoproterenol resulted in a similar increase in force and acceleration of contractile kinetics in all groups. Thus, exercise training increased developed force but slowed contractile kinetics in control (noninfarcted animals), actions that were attenuated or completely absent in post-MI dogs.
The potential of marine resources for retinal diseases: a systematic review of the molecular mechanisms; We rely on vision more than on any other sense to obtain information about our environment. Hence, the loss or even impairment of vision profoundly affects our quality of life. Diet or food components have already demonstrated beneficial effects on the development of retinal diseases. Recently, there has been a growing interest in resources from marine animals and plants for the prevention of retinal diseases through nutrition. Especially fish intake and omega-3 fatty acids have already led to promising results, including associations with a reduced incidence of retinal diseases. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms are insufficiently explained. The aim of this review was to summarize the known mechanistic effects of marine resources on the pathophysiological processes in retinal diseases. We performed a systematic literature review following the PRISMA guidelines and identified 107 studies investigating marine resources in the context of retinal diseases. Of these, 46 studies described the underlying mechanisms including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antiangiogenic/vasoprotective, cytoprotective, metabolic, and retinal function effects, which we critically summarize. We further discuss perspectives on the use of marine resources for human nutrition to prevent retinal diseases with a particular focus on regulatory aspects, health claims, safety, and bioavailability.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Alone and in Combination with Proprietary Chromium Complex on Endothelial Function in Subjects with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group Clinical Study; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a cluster of metabolic abnormalities that include hypertension, central obesity, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia and is strongly associated with an increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and all-cause mortality. Early diagnosis is important to employ lifestyle and risk factor modification. Existing therapies are limited. Studies report positive effect of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3FA) on symptoms of metabolic syndrome. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the effect of omega-3FA alone and in combination with proprietary chromium complex (PCC) on endothelial function in subjects with metabolic syndrome. In this randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study, subjects were enrolled into the study after ethics committee (EC) approval and informed consent. Eligible subjects were randomized to receive omega-3FA concentrate 2000 mg (Group A-18 subjects), omega-3FA concentrate 2000 mg + PCC200 mcg (Group B-19 subjects), and omega-3FA concentrate 2000 mg + PCC400 mcg (Group C-21 subjects) daily for 12 weeks. Endothelial dysfunction as measured by reflection index (RI), biomarkers of oxidative stress (NO, MDA, and glutathione), and inflammation (hsCRP, endothelin-1, ICAM-1, and VCAM-1) were evaluated at baseline, 4, and 12 weeks. Lipid-profile and platelet-aggregation tests were performed at baseline and 12 weeks. Adverse drug reactions were recorded. Compliance was assessed by pill count method. GraphPad Prism8 was used for statistical analysis. Significant changes were seen from 4 weeks onwards in all the parameters evaluated. Significant improvement in RI% (mean +/- SD = -2.56 +/- 0.77 to -3.27 +/- 0.67-group A, -2.33 +/- 0.76 to 4.72 +/- 0.79-group B; -2.39 +/- 1.13 to 6.46 +/- 1.00-group C) was seen at 12 weeks. Significant improvement in biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation was seen with all the treatment groups. Similarly, significant improvement in lipid profile was seen in group B and group C, while group A showed change in HDL, VLDL, and TG. Group C demonstrated the best response in the parameters evaluated. Three patients in group C reported gastrointestinal adverse events, which resolved spontaneously; none stopped the therapy. So, the addition of PCC to omega-3FA may prove to have beneficial effect in reducing cardiovascular morbidity in MetS patients.
Health Implications of High Dietary Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (e.g., arachidonic acid (AA)) and omega-3 (n-3) PUFA (e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)) are precursors to potent lipid mediator signalling molecules, termed "eicosanoids," which have important roles in the regulation of inflammation. In general, eicosanoids derived from n-6 PUFA are proinflammatory while eicosanoids derived from n-3 PUFA are anti-inflammatory. Dietary changes over the past few decades in the intake of n-6 and n-3 PUFA show striking increases in the (n-6) to (n-3) ratio (similar to 15 : 1), which are associated with greater metabolism of the n-6 PUFA compared with n-3 PUFA. Coinciding with this increase in the ratio of (n-6) : (n-3) PUFA are increases in chronic inflammatory diseases such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cardiovascular disease, obesity, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), rheumatoid arthritis, and Alzheimer's disease (AD). By increasing the ratio of (n-3) : (n-6) PUFA in the Western diet, reductions may be achieved in the incidence of these chronic inflammatory diseases.
Docosahexaenoic Acid-Enhanced Autophagic Flux Improves Cardiac Dysfunction after Myocardial Infarction by Targeting the AMPK/mTOR Signaling Pathway; Background and Purpose. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a type of polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched in cod liver oil and seaweed. It is necessary for the human body and has important functions, such as antioxidation and antiatherosclerosis activities. Long-term oral administration of DHA or the use of DHA at the initial stage of ischemia can increase the level of autophagy and exert a protective effect on neurological functions related to cerebral infarction. However, the effect of DHA on myocardial injury and cardiac insufficiency after myocardial infarction (MI) is unknown. This study was aimed at exploring whether DHA plays a protective role in AMI and its specific molecular mechanism. Experimental Method. In vitro cardiomyocyte hypoxia and in vivo MI injury models were used to determine the role of DHA in MI. Hypoxic injury induced damage in cultured neonatal mouse cardiomyocytes (NMCs). The C57BL/6J mouse MI model was established by permanent ligation of the left anterior descending branch. Main Results. DHA improved the cardiomyocyte viability of NMCs induced by hypoxia injury and reduced cell necrosis. DHA reduced infarct size, improved heart function, and reduced the degree of myocardial fibrosis in mice after MI. In addition, DHA enhanced autophagy flux and reduced apoptosis in vitro and in vivo. In addition, we found that chloroquine, an autophagy inhibitor, blocked the protective effect of DHA on cardiomyocyte apoptosis and cardiac dysfunction, indicating that DHA exerts cardioprotective effects in part by promoting autophagy flux. We also observed that DHA enhanced autophagy flux by activating the AMPK/mTOR signaling pathway. Conclusions and Significance. In conclusion, our findings indicate for the first time that DHA improves MI-induced cardiac dysfunction by promoting AMPK/mTOR-mediated autophagic flux.
Alterations in bone metabolites with age in C57BL/6 mice model; Understanding the pathophysiology behind age-related diseases is an urgent need as the elderly population continues to grow. With age, there is a high risk of musculoskeletal deterioration and associated morbidity and mortality. Although the exact mechanism behind age-related degeneration is unknown, it is well established that alteration in cellular metabolism is one of the important contributing factors. Alteration in signaling pathways with age leads to the accumulation or depletion of several metabolites that play a vital role in musculoskeletal pathophysiology. This study aimed to identify age-related changes in bone tissue metabolites in C57BL/6 mice. We then correlated the differentially expressed metabolites with their functions in bone biology. In both aged males and females, hydroxyproline, glutamine, and alpha-linolenic acid levels were decreased. In aged females, Ornithine (p value = 0.001), l-Proline (p value = 0.008), Uridine (p value = 0.001), Aspartic Acid (p value = 0.004) levels were significantly decreased, and glutamate (p value = 0.002) was elevated. In aged males, N-acetyl-d-glucosamine (pvalue = 0.010), Adrenic acid (pvalue = 0.0099), Arachidonic acid (p value = 0.029) and Allantoin (p value = 0.004) levels were decreased. Metabolic pathway analysis revealed that purine and d-glutamine and d-glutamate metabolism were significantly altered in both sexes, while arginine biosynthesis in females and lipid metabolism in males were highly affected. These differences in metabolic signaling might be one of the reasons for the discrepancy in musculoskeletal disease manifestation between the two sexes. Understanding the role of these metabolites play in the aging bone will allow for new sex-specific targeted therapies against the progression of musculoskeletal diseases.
Reduction in homocysteine by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after 1 year in a randomised double-blind study following an acute myocardial infarction: No effect on endothelial adhesion properties; We hypothesized that n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( n 3 PUFAs) as compared to corn oil administered for 1 year following an acute myocardial infarction ( MI) may reduce plasma total homocysteine ( p- tHcy), ultrasensitive C- reactive protein ( muCRP), and the adhesive properties of the endothelium, expressed as soluble E- selectin ( sE-selectin) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule- 1 ( sICAM- 1). In a prospective, randomised, double- blind study, 300 acute MI patients were allocated to highly concentrated n - 3 PUFAs ( n = 150) or corn oil ( n = 150). After 1 year on treatment there was an intergroup difference in p- tHcy in favour of the n - 3 group ( n = 118), p = 0.022. However, sE- selectin, sICAM- 1 and muCRP were unaffected by the treatment. In conclusion, reduction of p- tHcy by long- term n - 3 PUFAs treatment was not associated with demonstrable effects on markers of endothelial adhesion properties. Copyright (C) 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Association of dietary fats with ischemic heart disease (IHD): a case-control study; BackgroundThis study aimed to investigate the association between different types of dietary fats with ischemic heart disease (IHD).MethodsThis case-control study was conducted on 443 cases and 453 controls aged 40-80 years in Tehran, Iran. The semi-quantitative 237-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess the amount of food intake. Nutritionist IV was applied to test the amount of consumption of dietary fats.ResultsThe case group had a lower intake of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (11.36 +/- 12.58 vs. 14.19 +/- 19.57, P = 0.01) than the control group. A negative association was found between IHD and DHA (OR 0.98, CI 95% 0.97-0.99, P = 0.01). No significant association was observed between IHD with the intake of cholesterol, trans fatty acids (TFA), saturated fatty acids (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), eicosatetraenoic acid (EPA), and alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA).ConclusionIt was found that DHA may reduce the risk of IHD, whereas there was no significant association between other types of dietary fats with the odds of IHD. If the results of this study are confirmed in future research, a higher intake of DHA in diet can be recommended as a strategy to prevent IHD events.
Use of differently enriched rotifers, <i>Brachionus plicatilis</i>, during larviculture of haddock, <i>Melanogrammus aeglefinus</i>:: effects on early growth, survival and body lipid composition; We evaluated the effects of enriched rotifers on growth, survival and on the lipid composition of haddock larvae. The treatments tested were (1) AlgaMac 2000 (R), (2) AquaGrow (R) Advantage and (3) Pavlova sp. paste and AlgaMac 2000 (R). The treatments did not influence larval growth rate throughout the experimental period (P = 0.70). Larvae from all treatments grew approximately 8% of their dry weight per day between 1 and 29 days post hatch (dph). Treatment 3 resulted in the best survival, estimated to be 3 on a scale from 0 to 5, whereas for the two other groups the survival estimates were 0 and 2. Rotifers from treatment 1 had low sterol concentrations, high eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratio and their feeding resulted in high larval mortality. Rotifers enriched with Pavlova sp. had the lowest proportions of the sum of saturated fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid and sum of omega 3 and the highest proportions of the sum of monounsaturated fatty acids (Sigma MUFA). This was partially reflected in larvae from treatment 3 in that they had the highest proportions of Sigma MUFA and the lowest proportions of Sigma omega 3 (P < 0.0001 for both analyses). In addition, these larvae had the highest and lowest Sigma C-20 and Sigma C-22 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) respectively (P < 0.0001 for both analyses). We suggest that more research with omega 3 and omega 6 PUFA can lead to improvements in the rearing of haddock larvae produced in hatcheries.
Differential eicosapentaenoic acid elevations and altered cardiovascular disease risk factor responses after supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid in postmenopausal women receiving and not receiving hormone replacement therapy; Background: Dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has triacylglycerol-lowering potential and undergoes in vivo retrocon-version to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in humans. Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) influences circulating lipid concentrations and fatty acid metabolism. DHA supplementation has not been studied in postmenopausal women.
A comparative study of the fatty acid profile of common fruits and fruits claimed to confer health benefits; This study aims to verify the nutritional value of the fatty acid (FA) profile of three fruits claimed to confer health benefits (goji berry, white mulberry, and cranberry), often referred to as "superfruits", over three common fruits (banana, apple, and strawberry). Nineteen different FAs, ranging in concentrations between 0.018 and 9.4 mg/g dry sample were detected. Levels of very long-chained FAs were highest in cranberries, oleic acid was most abundant in goji berries, alpha-linolenic acid showed high levels in strawberries and linoleic acid showed high levels in goji berries and white mulberries. The ratio of unsaturated to saturated FAs was highest in strawberries and goji berries, and the ratio of odd-carbon to even carbon saturated FAs was high in all common fruits, whereas among the superfruits both goji- and white mulberries showed very low ratios. Finally, the ratio of very longchain to long-chain FAs showed the highest levels in cranberries and apples. A composite measure of the FA profile suggests apples and cranberries to show the most beneficial lipid profile. However, a common and beneficial lipid profile was not found in the superfruits as compared to more common fruits.
Effect of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Doxorubicin Cytotoxicity in Glioma Cells <i>in vitro</i>; Background. In normal and tumour cells, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) act as intracellular second messengers, which play a role in signalling, proliferation and cell death. PUFAs have selective tumouricidal action and may alter sensitivity of tumour cells to radiation and chemotherapy.
Eicosapentaenoic acid and γ-linolenic acid induce apoptosis in HL-60 cells; Enteral nutrition with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5 n-3) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA; 18:3 n-6) decreased pulmonary inflammation by reducing neutrophil counts and chemotactic factors in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid during acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). We hypothesize that the anti-inflammatory effects of EPA and GLA may be due, in part, to induction of neutrophil apoptosis. The purpose of this study was to determine whether EPA and GLA, alone or in combination, trigger apoptotic cell death in the human promyelocytic leukemia HL-60 cell line. HL-60 cells were incubated with 10, 20, 50, and 100 mumol/L EPA, GLA, or various combinations of EPA and GLA for 2, 4, 8, 12, and 24 hs. Oleic acid (18:1 n-9) was used as a fatty acid control. Flow cytometry using dual staining with propidium iodide and annexin V-FITC assessed apoptosis, necrosis, and viability. Apoptosis was verified by DNA fragmentation as assessed by agarose gel electrophoresis. EPA, GLA, and various combinations of EPA and GLA significantly induced apoptosis and reduced cell viability in HL-60 cells. Viability was significantly reduced to the same extent with the combination of 50 mumol/L EPA\20 mumol/L GLA compared with 100 mumol/L EPA. These data indicate that EPA and GLA, alone or in combination, reduce cell survival by induction of apoptosis. Thus, induction of apoptosis by select dietary n-3 (EPA) and n-6 (GLA) polyunsaturated fatty acids may be the mechanism of the resolution of pulmonary inflammation in ARDS. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science (USA).
Effects of maternal dietary EPA and DHA supplementation and breeder age on embryonic and post-hatch performance of broiler offspring; Breeder age and nutrition are amongst the most important factors affecting progeny growth and development. The present experiment was carried out to evaluate the effects of n-3 fatty acid (FA), with special emphasis on the ratio of eicosapentaenoic (EPA, 20:5 n-3) and docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6 n-3) acid, provided to the diet of ageing broiler breeder hens at different ratios, on the incubation parameters and the performance of the offspring. Four hundred and eighty Ross-308 broiler breeder hens were fed one of four different diets (120/treatment), with an equal fat content. The control diet was a basal diet, rich in n-6 FAs (CON). Blends of fish oil were used to enrich the three other diets in n-3 FA and to obtain different EPA/DHA ratios of 1/1 (EPA=DHA), 1/2 (DHA) or 2/1 (EPA). Every 5weeks, incubation parameters were assessed. Every 15weeks, offspring was reared until slaughter age on a standard diet. Breeder age affected almost all incubation and post-hatch parameters, whereas n-3 FA treatment only lowered egg weight (p<0.0001) and consequently hatched chick weight (p<0.0001). Supplementation of EPA resulted in a higher proportional liver weight (p=0.0219) at hatch, a lower body weight up to 28 days post-hatch (p=0.0418), a lower daily weight gain (p=0.0498) and a higher feed conversion ratio (p=0.0395) during the starter period (p=0.0498), resulting in a higher overall offspring feed conversion ratio (p=0.0317) compared to the control diet. DHA supplementation, on the other hand, resulted in a lower residual yolk weight (p=0.0220) and a higher overall offspring mortality (p=0.0125). In conclusion, supplementation of n-3 FA could not counter the adverse effect of breeder flock age, but did not harm incubation or improve post-hatch performance, either. EPA and DHA affected offspring development differently during early post-hatch life.
Sea Change for Marine Omega-3s: Randomized Trials Show Fish Oil Reduces Cardiovascular Events; Recently, 3 large randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have assessed the effects of supplementation with marine omega-3 fatty acids on the occurrence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. We reviewed this evidence and considered it in the context of the large and growing body of data on the CV health effects of marine omega-3s. One RCT examining 8179 patients, most with coronary heart disease (CHD), reported that 4 grams/day of a highly purified omega-3 product containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduced the risk for major adverse CV events by 25% (P<.001). Two other recent RCTs in primary prevention populations showed that approximately 1 gram/day of purified fish oil containing 840 mg/day of EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) significantly reduced risks of CHD and CV death, especially in individuals who did not consume fish and seafood frequently. The American Heart Association (AHA) continues to emphasize the importance of marine omega-3s as a nutrient for potentially reducing risks of congestive heart failure, CHD, ischemic stroke, and sudden cardiac death. Marine omega-3s should be used in high doses for patients with CHD on statins who have elevated triglycerides and at about 1 gram/day for primary prevention for individuals who do not consume at least 1.5 fish or seafood meals per week. (C) 2019 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research
Marine-Derived Compounds Applied in Cardiovascular Diseases: Submerged Medicinal Industry; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are among the most impactful illnesses globally. Currently, the available therapeutic option has several side effects, including hypotension, bradycardia, arrhythmia, and alteration in different ion concentrations. Recently, bioactive compounds from natural sources, including plants, microorganisms, and marine creatures, have gained a lot of interest. Marine sources serve as reservoirs for new bioactive metabolites with various pharmacological activities. The marine-derived compound such as omega-3 acid ethyl esters, xyloketal B, asperlin, and saringosterol showed promising results in several CVDs. The present review focuses on marine-derived compounds' cardioprotective potential for hypertension, ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, and atherosclerosis. In addition to therapeutic alternatives, the current use of marine-derived components, the future trajectory, and restrictions are also reviewed.
Nutritional treatment of cancer cachexia in rats; Background Terminal cancer-associated cachexia, characterized by a marked weight loss, anorexia, asthenia and anemia, is usually associated with a malnutrition status. Aim of the study To investigate whether a diet formulated with a crayfish enzymatic extract, enriched in essential amino acids, omega-3 fatty acids, and astaxanthin, would be effective for the treatment of cancer-associated cachexias, by decreasing mortality and morbidity rates in cachectic rats and/or improving survival. Methods Two types of diet were used: a standard diet and one formulated with crayfish enzymatic extract. Rats were divided into two groups (24 animals per group): one without tumor (T-) and the other with tumor (T+) (AH-130 Yoshida ascites hepatoma). Each group was further divided into two subgroups (12 animals per subgroup). Two subgroups (T-(standard) and T+(standard)) were fed the standard diet and the other two (T-(CFEE) and T+(CFEE)) the crayfish enzymatic extract one for four weeks, after which different tissue and plasma parameters were studied. Results The implantation of the tumor resulted in a considerable loss of muscle and adipose tissue mass in both groups, but the loss of muscle and fat was lower in the group fed the crayfish enzymatic extract diet. There was also a concomitant increase in the plasma concentration of TNF-alpha, although the increase was smaller in the crayfish enzymatic extract-treated group. Conclusions This study shows that although the treatment of cachetic rats with the crayfish enzymatic extract diet did not revert the cachexia, it increased survival (57.1% vs. 25.9% in the group treated with crayfish enzymatic extract and standard diets, respectively) and meliorated the cachexia symptoms - anorexia and body mass loss (muscle and adipose tissue).
Fatty acids suppress voltage-gated Na<SUP>+</SUP> currents in HEK293t cells transfected with the α-subunit of the human cardiac Na<SUP>+</SUP> channel; Studies have shown that fish oils, containing n-3 fatty acids, have protective effects against ischemia-induced, fatal cardiac arrhythmias in animals and perhaps in humans, In this study we used the whole-cell voltage-clamp technique to assess the effects of dietary, free long-chain fatty acids on the Na+ current (I-Na,I-alpha) in human embryonic kidney (HEK293t) cells transfected with the alpha-subunit of the human cardiac Na+ channel (hH1(alpha)). Extracellular application of 0.01 to 30 mu M eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA C20:5n-3) significantly reduced I-Na,I-alpha with an IC50 of 0.51 +/- 0.06 mu M. The EPA-induced suppression of I-Na,I-alpha was concentration- and voltage-dependent, EPA at 5 mu M significantly shifted the steady-state inactivation relationship by -27.8 +/- 1.2 mV (n = 6, P < 0.0001) at the V-1/2 point. In addition, EPA blocked I-Na,I-alpha with a higher "binding affinity" to hill, channels in the inactivated state than in the resting state, The transition from the resting state to the inactivated state was markedly accelerated in the presence of 5 mu M EPA, The time for 50% recovery from the inactivation state was significantly slower in the presence of 5 mu M EPA, from 2.1 +/- 0.8 ms for control to 34.8 +/- 2.1 ms (n = 5, P < 0.001), The effects of EPA on I-Na,I-alpha were reversible, Furthermore, docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3), alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3), conjugated linoleic acid (C18:2n-7), and oleic acid (C18:In-9) at 5 mu M and all-trans-retinoic acid at 10 mu M had similar effects on I-Na,I-alpha as EPA, Even 5 mu M of stearic acid (C18:0) or palmitic acid (C16:0) also significantly inhibited I-Na,I-alpha. In contrast, 5 mu M EPA ethyl ester did not alter I-Na,I-alpha (8 +/- 4%, n = 8, P > 0.05), The present data demonstrate that free fatty acids suppress I-Na,I-alpha with high "binding affinity" to hH1(alpha) channels in the inactivated state and prolong the duration of recovery from inactivation.
Mechanism of Antibacterial Activity of Liposomal Linolenic Acid against <i>Helicobacter pylori</i>; Helicobacter pylori infects approximately half of the world population and is a major cause of gastritis, peptic ulcer, and gastric cancer. Moreover, this bacterium has quickly developed resistance to all major antibiotics. Recently, we developed a novel liposomal linolenic acid (LipoLLA) formulation, which showed potent bactericidal activity against several clinical isolated antibiotic-resistant strains of H. pylori including both the spiral and coccoid form. In addition, LipoLLA had superior in vivo efficacy compared to the standard triple therapy. Our data showed that LipoLLA associated with H. pylori cell membrane. Therefore, in this study, we investigated the possible antibacterial mechanism of LipoLLA against H. pylori. The antibacterial activity of LipoLLA (C18:3) was compared to that of liposomal stearic acid (LipoSA, C18: 0) and oleic acid (LipoOA, C18: 1). LipoLLA showed the most potent bactericidal effect and completely killed H. pylori within 5 min. The permeability of the outer membrane of H. pylori increased when treated with LipoOA and LipoLLA. Moreover, by detecting released adenosine triphosphate (ATP) from bacteria, we found that bacterial plasma membrane of H. pylori treated with LipoLLA exhibited significantly higher permeability than those treated with LipoOA, resulting in bacteria cell death. Furthermore, LipoLLA caused structural changes in the bacterial membrane within 5 min affecting membrane integrity and leading to leakage of cytoplasmic contents, observed by both transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Our findings showing rapid bactericidal effect of LipoLLA suggest it is a very promising new, effective anti-H. pylori agent.
Non-enzymatic lipid peroxidation initiated by photodynamic therapy drives a distinct ferroptosis-like cell death pathway; Ferroptosis is primarily triggered by a failure of the glutathione (GSH)-glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) reductive system and associated overwhelming lipid peroxidation, in which enzymes regulating polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism, and in particular acyl-CoA synthetase long chain family member 4 (ACSL4), are central. Here, we found that exogenous oxygen radicals generated by photodynamic therapy (PDT) can directly peroxidize PUFAs and initiate lipid autoxidation, coinciding with cellular GSH depletion. Different from canonical ferroptosis induced by RSL3 or erastin, PDT-initiated lipid peroxidation and ferroptotis-like cell death is independent of lipoxygenase (ALOXs) and ACSL4. Especially, this form of cell death modality can be triggered in malignant cells insensitive to or acquired resistance to canonical ferroptosis inducers. We also observed a distinct iron metabolism pathway in this PDT-triggered cell death modality, in which cytosolic labile iron is decreased probably due to its relocation to mitochondria. Inhibition of the mitochondrial Ca2+ and Fe2+ uniporter (MCU) effectively prevented PDT-triggered lipid peroxidation and subsequent cell death. Therefore, we tentatively term this distinct ferroptosis-like cell death as liperoptosis. Moreover, using the clinically approved photosensitizer Verteporfin, PDT inhibited tumor growth through inducing prevailing ferroptosis-like cell death in a mouse xenograft model. With its site-specific advantages, these findings highlight the value of using PDT to trigger lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis-like cell death in vivo, and will benefit exploring the exact molecular mechanism of immunological effects of PDT in cancer treatment.
Effect of the PPAR-Alpha L162V Polymorphism on the Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor in Response to n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Background: Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Yet, genetic variations of the gene encoding the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR alpha) can also modulate CVD risk factors. Since fatty acids, including n-3 PUFAs, are natural ligands of PPAR alpha, a gene-diet interaction effect could be observed. Aims: To examine whether n-3 PUFA-induced changes in CVD risk factors are influenced by the PPAR alpha L162V polymorphism. Methods: Fourteen men, carriers of the V162 allele and 14 L162 homozygotes, were matched according to age and body mass index. Subjects followed, for 8 weeks, a low-fat diet and then were supplemented daily with 5 g of fish oil for 6 weeks. Results: Baseline characteristics were similar for both genotype groups. Independently of the genotype, the supplementation was associated with a significant decrease in plasma triacylglycerol and fasting glucose concentrations, diastolic blood pressure, and with an increase in total apolipoprotein B concentrations. The extent of the decrease in plasma triacylglycerol concentrations was comparable for both genotype groups (p < 0.03). A significant genotype-by-diet interaction effect was observed for plasma C-reactive protein concentrations (p = 0.01). Conclusions:The PPAR alpha L162V polymorphism may contribute to the interindividual variability in the CVD risk factor response to n-3 PUFAs. Copyright (C)2008 S. Karger AG, Basel
Prediagnostic plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids and the risk of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; ObjectiveTo examine the association between prediagnostic plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids levels (PUFA) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).MethodsWe identified 275 individuals who developed ALS while enrolled in 5 US prospective cohorts, and randomly selected 2 controls, alive at the time of the case diagnosis, matched on cohort, birth year, sex, ethnicity, fasting status, and time of blood draw. We measured PUFA, expressed as percentages of total fatty acids, using gas liquid chromatography and used conditional logistic regression to estimate risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association between PUFA and ALS.ResultsThere was no association between total, n-3, and n-6 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid, or docosapentaenoic acid levels and ALS. Higher plasma alpha -linolenic acid (ALA) in men was associated with lower risk of ALS in age- and matching factor-adjusted analyses (top vs bottom quartile: RR = 0.21 [95% CI 0.07, 0.58], p for trend = 0.004). In women, higher plasma arachidonic acid was associated with higher risk (top vs bottom quartile: RR = 1.65 [95% CI 0.99, 2.76], p for trend = 0.052). Multivariable adjustment, including correlated PUFA, did not change the findings for ALA and arachidonic acid. In men and women combined, higher plasma docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was associated with higher risk of ALS (top vs bottom quartile: RR = 1.56 [95% CI 1.01, 2.41], p for trend = 0.054), but in multivariable models the association was only evident in men.ConclusionsThe majority of individual PUFAs were not associated with ALS. In men, ALA was inversely and DHA was positively related to risk of ALS, while in women arachidonic acid was positively related. These findings warrant confirmation in future studies.
Fatty acids act on vascular endothelial cells and influence the development of cardiovascular disease; Endothelial cells (ECs) maintain the health of blood vessels and prevent the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Free saturated fatty acids (FAs) induce EC damage and increase the risk of CVD by promoting arteriosclerosis. Conversely, polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs), such as docosahexaenoic acid, are thought to sup-press EC damage induced during the early stages of CVD. This review describes the effects of multiple dietary FAs on EC disorders involved in the development of CVD. The roles of FAs in atherosclerosis and CVD were analyzed by evaluating articles published in PubMed, Science Direct, and Web of Science. Saturated FAs were found to induce EC damage by reducing the production and action of EC-derived nitric oxide. Oxidative stress, inflam-mation, and the renin-angiotensin system were found to be involved in EC disorder. Furthermore, n-3 PUFAs were found to reduce EC dysfunction and prevent the development of EC disorder. These results indicate that FAs may affect EC failure induced during the early stages of CVD and reduce the risk of developing the disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA induce apoptosis and enhance drug sensitivity in multiple myeloma cells but not in normal peripheral mononuclear cells; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to enhance the effect of chemotherapeutic drugs in clinical studies in cancer patients and to induce apoptotic tumor cell death in vitro. Until now, EPA and DHA have never been investigated in multiple myeloma (MM). Human myeloma cells (L363, OPM-1, OPM-2 and U266) and normal peripheral blood mononuclear cells were exposed to EPA and DHA, and effects on mitochondrial function and apoptosis, caspase-3 activation, gene expression and drug toxicity were measured. Exposure to EPA and DHA induced apoptosis and increased sensitivity to bortezomib in MM cells. Importantly, they did not affect viability of normal human peripheral mononuclear cells. Messenger RNA expression arrays showed that EPA and DHA modulated genes involved in multiple signaling pathways including nuclear factor (NF) kappa B, Notch, Hedgehog, oxidative stress and Wnt. EPA and DHA inhibited NF kappa B activity and induced apoptosis through mitochondrial perturbation and caspase-3 activation. Our study suggests that EPA and DHA induce selective cytotoxic effects in MM and increase sensitivity to bortezomib and calls for further exploration into a potential application of these n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the therapy of MM. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid down-regulates endothelial Nox 4 through a sPLA<sub>2</sub> signalling pathway; We investigated the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) by evaluating its modulation of the two enzymes most involved in vascular inflammation, i.e. endothelial secreted phospholipase A(2) (sPLA(2)) and NADPH oxidase 4 (Nox) 4. Exposure of human aortic endothelial cells (HAECs) to DHA led to its preferential incorporation into outer leaflet phospholipids. Pre-treatment with DHA abolished HAECs stimulation induced by A23187 and Ang II, whereas the effects on IL-1 beta treatment were less pronounced. Group V sPLA2 RNA was similarly modulated by DHA supplementation. in addition, DHA decreased Nox 4 expression and activity; this effect was associated with reduced production of reactive oxygen species. Further, the use of specific inhibitors allowed demonstrating that group V sPLA2 is involved in the down-regulation of Nox 4 expression and activity by DHA. This interplay is mediated by ERK and PKC. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
NUTRITIONAL EVALUATION OF SEASONAL CHANGES IN MUSCLE FATTY ACID COMPOSITION OF COMMON CARP (<i>CYPRINUS CARPIO</i>) IN KARAMIK LAKE, TURKEY; The present study aims to determine seasonal changes of nutritional value of common carp in Karamik Lake by determining the fatty acid composition. The levels of saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids in 100 g total fatty acid were found to be 28.73, 25.31, and 38.19 g in winter; 29.39, 24.06, and 35.75 g in spring; 31.05, 35.02, and 24.86 g in summer; 29.85, 32.39, and 30.92 g in autumn, respectively. Total omega 3 and omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels in 100 g fatty acid in muscle of the common carp ranged from 12.90 g to 25.97 g and from 10.73 g to 14.59 g, respectively. The ratio of total omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was higher than that of total omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in all seasons. The ratios of omega 6/omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and arachidonic/eicosapentaenoic acids were the lowest in winter (0.41, 0.64) and highest (0.98, 2.72) in autumn. The amount of eicosapentaenoic + docosahexaenoic acids was also highest in winter and was composed of 22.50 g of 100 g total fatty acid in muscle of pike.
Omega-3 derivatives, specialized pro-resolving mediators: Promising therapeutic tools for the treatment of pain in chronic liver disease; The main causes of liver injury are associated with inflammation and permanent damage. They can cause chronic liver disease (CLD), which is mainly related to viral hepatitis, alcohol consumption and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, leading to fibrosis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. These conditions prevent the liver from working normally and make it begin to fail, which in turn may prompt a liver transplant. CLD and cirrhosis are the eleventh cause of death worldwide. M present, there are no approved pharmacological treatments to prevent, treat or resolve liver fibrosis. The prevalence of pain in the hepatic disease is elevated with ranges between 30% and 40%. Most of the pain drugs require hepatic function; therefore, the suitable control of pain is still a clinical challenge. Specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPM): lipoxins, resolvins, protectins and maresins, are potent endogenous molecules (nM concentrations) that modulate inflammatory body responses by reducing neutrophil infiltration, macrophage activity and pain sensitization. SPM have anti-inflammatory properties, stimulate tissue resolution, repair and regeneration, and exhibit anti-nociceptive actions. Furthermore, SPM were tried on different cellular, animal models and human observational data of liver injury, improving the pathogenesis of inflammation and fibrosis. In the present work, we will describe recent evidence that suggests that SPM can be used as a therapeutic option for CLD. Additionally, we will examine the role of SPM in the control of pain in pathologies associated with liver injury.
Health benefits of seafood; Is it just the fatty acids?; There is a considerable body of literature suggesting a wide range of health benefits associated with diets high in seafood. However, the demand for seafood across the world now exceeds that available from capture fisheries. This has created a rapidly increasing market for aquaculture products, the nutrient composition of which is dependent on feed composition. The use of fishmeal in this food chain does little to counteract the environmental impact of fisheries and so the on-going development of alternative sources is to be welcomed. Nevertheless, an in-depth understanding as to which nutrients in seafood provide benefit is required to permit the production of foods of maximal health benefit to humans. This paper reviews our current knowledge of the beneficial nutrient composition of seafood, in particular omega-3 fatty acids, selenium, taurine, vitamins D and B12, in the context of the development of environmentally sustainable aquaculture. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and abnormal activity of phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> isoenzymes in postinfarct congestive heart failure; Cardiac sarcolemmal (SL) cis-unsaturated fatty acid sensitive phospholipase D (cis-UFA PLD) is modulated by SL Ca2+-independent phospholipase A(2) (iPLA(2)) activity via intramembrane release of cis-UFA. As PLD-derived phosphatidic acid influences intracellular Ca2+ concentration and contractile performance of the cardiomyocyte, changes in iPLA(2) activity may contribute to abnormal function of the failing heart. We examined PLA(2) immunoprotein expression and activity in the SL and cytosol from noninfarcted left ventricular (LV) tissue of rats in an overt stage of congestive heart failure (CHF). Hemodynamic assessment of CHF animals showed an increase of the LV end-diastolic pressure with loss of contractile function. In normal hearts, immunoblot analysis revealed the presence of cytosolic PLA(2) (cPLA(2)) and secretory PLA(2) (sPLA(2)) in the cytosol, with cPLA(2) and iPLA(2) in the SL. Intracellular PLA(2) activity was predominantly Ca2+ independent, with minimal sPLA(2) activity. CHF increased cPLA(2) immunoprotein and PLA(2) activity in the cytosol and decreased SL iPLA(2) and cPLA(2) immunoprotein and SL PLA(2) activity. sPLA(2) activity and abundance decreased in the cytosol and increased in SL in CHF. The results show that intrinsic to the pathophysiology of post-myocardial infarction CHF are abnormalities of SL PLA(2) isoenzymes, suggesting that PLA(2)-mediated bioprocesses are altered in CHF.
Intravascular ultrasound data and results of serum biochemical indices at the time of stenting and after six months in patients with coronary artery disease; Thirty healthy individuals and 23 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) verfied by coronary angiography were examined at the time of stenting and 6 months after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) followed by intravascular ultrasound (IVUS)-guided stenting and treatment with statins. Analysis of IVUS volumetric measurement for all stented segments after 6 months showed a small but significant decrease of mean minimal square area (18.39%), mean minimal lumen diameter (12.77%), and mean minimal lumen volume (12.66%), if compared with values obtained at the time of stenting. Before stenting we observed an increase of serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-cholesterol) concentrations, cholesterol to phospholipid ratio and the percentage of saturated fatty acids in phospholipids, while serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-cholesterol) and phospholipids concentrations as well as the percentage of unsaturated fatty acid in phospholipids were lowered. Six months after stenting and treatment with statins a significant increase of HDL-cholesterol was found, while other indices of lipids mentioned above remained unchanged. Before stenting we have also observed increased serum concentration of C-reactive protein (CRP), neopterin, total homocysteine, and kynurenine concentrations, while pyridoxal-5-phosphate (P-5-P) concentration was lowered. Six months after stenting and treatment with statins, CRP, neopterin, homocysteine, and P-5-P serum concentrations remained unchanged, while kynurenine concentration increased (P < 0.02).
Impact of Dietary and Metabolic Risk Factors on Cardiovascular and Diabetes Mortality in South Asia: Analysis From the 2010 Global Burden of Disease Study; Objectives. To quantify cardiovascular disease and diabetes deaths attributable to dietary and metabolic risks by country, age, sex, and time in South Asian countries.
Dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish reduces CVD risk markers in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women; Dietary intervention studies to assess the cardioprotective effects of oily fish are scarce in China. The present study aimed to examine the effects of the oily fish, Norwegian salmon, herring and local farmed pompano (Trachinotus ovatus) on CVD risk markers when included in the Chinese diet. In this 8-week, parallel-arm, randomised intervention study, 126 Chinese women with hypertriacylglycerolaemia, aged 35-70 years, were assigned to four groups to consume an experimental lunch containing 80 g fillets of either one of three oily fish or a mix of commonly eaten meats (pork/chicken/beef/lean fish) for 5 d/week. The results showed that inclusion of the three oily fish significantly increased the intake of n-3 long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) while decreasing the dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio. Compared to the control group, significant increases of DHA, EPA + DHA and total n-3 PUFA in plasma choline phosphoglyceride were observed in the three oily fish groups. Plasma TAG levels were significantly reduced only in the salmon and herring groups. When compared to the baseline level, the three oily fish diets significantly decreased serum concentrations of TAG, apoB, apoCII and apoCIII, but only the salmon and herring diets significantly lowered TNF-alpha and raised adiponectin levels in serum. The salmon diet additionally decreased the serum concentration of IL-6. To conclude, dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish can effectively increase serum n-3 LC-PUFA content and are associated with favourable biochemical changes in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women, and these beneficial effects are mainly associated with n-3 LC-PUFA contents.
Compared with Daily, Weekly n-3 PUFA Intake Affects the Incorporation of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid into Platelets and Mononuclear Cells in Humans; Consumption of oily fish is sporadic, whereas controlled intervention studies of n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids usually provide capsules containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as a daily dose. This methodologic study explored whether there are differences in the short-, medium-, and long-term incorporation of EPA and DHA into blood plasma and cells with the provision of identical amounts of EPA and DHA, equivalent to 2 oily fish servings per week (or 6.54 g/wk EPA and DHA), either intermittently (i.e., 1 portion twice per week) or continuously (i.e., divided into daily amounts). The study was part of a randomized, double-blind controlled intervention lasting 12 mo, with participants stratified by age and sex. There were 5 intervention groups, 2 of which are reported here: the 2 intermittent portions (21) and 2 continuous portions (2C) groups. EPA and DHA were measured in plasma phosphatidylcholine, platelets, and blood mononuclear cells (MNCs) at 9 time points. Sixty-five participants completed the study (21 group, n = 30, mean age of 49.2 y; 2C group, n = 35, mean age of 50.6 y). The incorporation pattern over the 12-mo intervention was different between the 2 groups in all samples (P < 0.0001, time x treatment interaction). At the end of the 12-mo intervention, the 2C group had higher EPA, DHA, and EPA + DHA in platelets (all P < 0.01) and higher EPA and EPA + DHA in MNCs (both P < 0.05) compared with the 21 group. No significant differences were shown for plasma phosphatidylcholine EPA (P = 0.1), DHA (P = 0.15), EPA + DHA (P = 0.07), or MNC DHA (P = 0.06). In conclusion, the pattern of consumption does affect the incorporation of EPA and DHA into cells used as biomarkers of intake. The differences identified here need to be considered in the design of studies and when extrapolating results from continuous capsule-based intervention studies to dietary guidelines for oily fish consumption. This trial was registered at www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN48398526.
When to lower triglycerides?; Purpose of review Substantial risk of ASCVD events persists despite intensive statin therapy and other agents to lower LDL-C. The optimal way to address other elements of dyslipidemia, such as triglyceride-rich particles (TRL) and when to treat has remained unclear. Recent findings Several lines of evidence indicate that TRL are associated with atherogenesis, partly because of associated factors, such as cholesterol-enriched remnant particles, high LDL particle number, high apo-B, high apo-CIII, and others. High triglyceride is increasingly prevalent because of worsening of lifestyle factors, obesity, and diabetes. Trials with fibrates, and niacin to reduce residual dyslipidemia have not provided evidence of benefits after statin therapy, thus far. A recent trial with an omega 3 fatty acid (OM3FA), icosapent-ethyl (IPE), provided evidence for a 25% reduction in ASCVD events in statin-treated high-risk population. These results were unexplained by triglyceride reduction alone, and are likely related to unique biologic effects of IPE on atherosclerosis. Finally, in patients with very high triglycerides, lifestyle measures and several triglyceride-lowering agents are indicated, often in combination, to prevent episodes of pancreatitis. A novel Apo C-III inhibitor may provide additional benefit in such patients. There is evidence for the benefits of IPE in preventing ASCVD events. A novel fibrate is in clinical trials.
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid alters pregnant rat reproductive tissue prostaglandin and matrix metalloproteinase production; Shortened gestation is a major cause of infant mortality and morbidity. Evidence from both human and animal studies suggests that essential fatty acids of the n-6 and n-3 series play important and modifiable roles in gestational duration. We examined the influence of linolenic acid (LnA) vs. docosahexaenoic acid (DRA) on rat reproductive tissue prostaglandin (PG) and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) indices of gestational duration. By varying the oil source of the diet, AIN-93G diets were constructed to provide either 0.7 energy % (en%) LnA, the current US intake of n-3 fatty acids, or 0.7 en% DHA. In addition, enhanced levels of 2.0 en% LnA or 2.0 e% DHA diets were also constructed. All diets contained approximately 6.0 en% linoleic acid (LA), the current US intake of LA. Four groups of 10 female rats were time-mated and fed the respective diets from conception through Day 20 of gestation. Day 20 uterus and placenta DHA were significantly increased by 160-180% by the 0.7 en% DHA diet, and by 250-350% by the 2.0 en% DHA diets in comparison to 0.7 en% LnA diet. DHA diets also significantly reduced uterus and placenta arachidonic acid content. Day 20 placenta and uterus PGE(2) and placenta PGF(2 alpha) production rates were significantly reduced by 27-47% in the 0.7 en% DHA group in comparison to 0.7 en% LnA. Increasing LnA to 2.0 en% was without effect. Providing DHA at the enhanced 2.0 en% did not significantly enhance the suppression of PG production. Placenta active MMP-2 and active MMP-9 (gelatinase) production was suppressed significantly by 30 - 43% in the 0.7 en% DHA group in comparison to the 0.7 en% LnA group, and 2.0 en% DHA did not enhance this suppression. Placenta collagenase activity comprising the sum of MMP-1, MMP-8 and MMP-13 was also suppressed by 60% in the 0.7 en% DHA diet group with no additional effect with 2.0 en% DHA provision. These results suggest that substituting DHA for LnA even at the current US n-3 fatty acid intake of 0.7 en% is effective in suppressing indices of premature delivery and shortened gestation. Increasing LnA intake by 3-fold to 2.0 en% is not effective. The form of dietary n-3 fatty acid, DHA vs. LnA, appears to be more important than the amount. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Exercise and nutrition interventions for renal cachexia; Purpose of reviewRenal cachexia is a deleterious condition characterized by weight loss, muscle wasting and loss of physical function, quality of life, and increased mortality. Multimodal treatment strategies utilizing exercise and nutrition interventions have been recently suggested although the evidence base is still in its infancy. This paper aimed to review the current literature surrounding the use of exercise and nutrition for renal cachexia.Main findingsEvidence from systematic reviews and narrative reviews indicates that resistance training (RT) is proven to have beneficial effects on improving muscle strength and in some cases physical function, although effects on muscle mass are mixed and inconclusive. Further, combined RT and aerobic training (AT) may have also beneficial effects on overall functional capacity and there appears to be no superior mode of protocol (inter/intra-dialysis vs. home-based). For nutrition, there is new data from systematic review of studies indicating that oral nutritional supplementation (ONS) may have beneficial effects on nutritional status (e.g. body mass index, plasma albumin and handgrip strength). Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects in haemodialysis patients from two recent systematic reviews, and evidence from other populations groups indicate they may be beneficial for improving muscle mass and strength.SummaryEvidence is accumulating for individual exercise and nutrition components but specific multimodal treatment studies in renal cachexia need to be urgently undertaken.
A comprehensive insight of novel antioxidant therapies for atrial fibrillation management; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common arrhythmia in clinical practice and is associated with decreased quality of life, and increased mortality and morbidity from stroke and thromboembolism. The underlying mechanisms involved in the development of AF have yet to be fully elucidated. However, once initiated, AF tends to self-perpetuate, due to structural and electrical remodeling in the atria. Currently, therapies for AF, such as, antiarrhythmic drugs and catheter ablation, have significant limitations. Antiarrhythmic drugs target one or a few cardiomyocyte ion channels and have considerable pro-arrhythmic and non-cardiac adverse effects. On the other hand, catheter ablation is an expensive treatment associated with measurable complications and its long-term success in management of AF is controversial. Current consensus guidelines recommend beta-blockers, amiodarone, digitalis glycosides and non-dihydropyridine calcium channel antagonists or a combination of them for AF treatment, but bradycardia and heart block may occur as an unwanted effect. On the other hand, antioxidant agents have recently attracted much interest in AF treatment because they have been associated with a reduction in lone AF and post-operative AF, and in some cases, with a decrease in long-term hospitalization time. Moreover, antioxidants can be considered a cheap treatment with reduced side effects. In this review, we will comprehensively review the effects and the mechanisms of action of several antioxidant agents, such as vitamin E, ascorbic acid, carotenoids, statins, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and N-acetylcysteine.
Dietary γ-linolenate attenuates tumor growth in a rodent model of prostatic adenocarcinoma via suppression of elevated generation of PGE<sub>2</sub> and 5S-HETE; Prostate cancer poses considerable threat to the aging male population as it has become a leading cause of cancer death to this group. Due to the complexity of this age-related disease, the mechanism(s) and factors resulting in prostate cancer remain unclear. Reports showing an increase risk in prostatic cancer with increasing dietary fat are contrasted by other studies suggesting the beneficial effects of certain polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the modulation of tumor development. The n-6 PUFA, gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), has been shown to suppress tumor growth in vitro. Therefore, using the Lobund-Wistar (L-W) rat model of prostate cancer, we tested the hypothesis whether dietary supplementation of GLA could suppress tumor growth and development in vivo. Prostatic adenocarcinomas were induced in two groups of L-W rats, the experimental group (N-nitroso-N-methylurea. NMU/testosterone propionate, TP) and the GLA group (NMU/TP/GLA fed) undergoing similar treatment but fed a purified diet supplemented with GLA. Our findings revealed a decrease in prostate growth in the NMU/TP/GLA-fed group as determined by weight, tissue size, DNA content and prostate-specific antigen (tumor marker of prostate cancer). Comparison between the two groups showed a significant increase in 5S-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid and prostaglandin E-2 in the NMU/TP group. These increases paralleled the increased protein expression and activity of cyclooxygenase-2 as well as increased activity of 5-lipoxygenase. Taken together, the findings showed that intake of GLA-enriched diet does reduce prostatic cancer development in L-W rats and could serve as a non-toxic adjunct in management of human prostatic cancer. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular disease burden attributable to dietary risk factors from 1990 to 2019: A systematic analysis of the Global Burden of Disease study; Background and aims: Dietary risks have always been a major risk factor for cardiovas-cular diseases (CVDs), especially in young people. This article aimed to provide an updated and comprehensive view of the spatial, temporal and sexual heterogeneity in diet-attributable CVD burdens from 1990 to 2019.Methods and results: Data on diet-attributable CVD burdens were extracted from the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) Study 2019. Numbers and age-standardized rates (ASRs) of deaths, disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) and corresponding estimated annual percentage change (EAPC) were determined. Globally, the number of diet-attributable CVD deaths and DALYs in 2019 were 6.9 million and 153.2 million, marking 43.8% and 34.3% increases since 1990, respec-tively. However, ASRs of death and DALYs have declined over time. The regions with the highest ASRs of diet-related CVD deaths and DALYs were in Central Asia, whereas the lowest ASRs of CVD deaths and DALYs were observed in the high-income Asia Pacific region. Globally, men suffered higher death and DALY burdens than women. Ischemic heart disease and stroke were the leading causes of CVD deaths and DALYs, globally. Regarding the specific diet group, diets low in whole grains, high in sodium, low in fruits, low in nuts and seeds, low in vegetables and low in seafood omega-3 fatty acids contributed to CVD deaths and DALYs the most. Dietary risks accounted for a higher proportion in people aged less than 65 years old.Conclusions: Diet-attributable CVDs threaten public health, particularly in low SDI countries and younger generations. As diet-related CVDs are nation-specific, the prioritization of public health interventions should be evidence-based.(c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Specific fatty acids and risks of breast and prostate cancer: dietary intake; Although international comparisons have suggested positive associations between consumption of total or saturated fat and risk of breast cancer, these relations have not been supported in large prospective studies in which confounding factors were minimized. There is no suggestion from international comparisons, case-control, or cohort studies that monounsaturated fat (the most abundant fat in the US diet) increases risk of breast cancer, and there is some evidence that higher intake, particularly in the form of olive oil, might actually reduce risk The available epidemiologic evidence provides little support for any important relation between intake of either linoleic acid or extra-long-chain n-3 fatty acids from fish and risk of breast cancer. However, high consumption of linoleic acid is a relatively recent phenomenon in Western societies and continued evaluation of its relation with breast cancer risk is warranted because of animal data suggesting possible adverse effects. Ecologic, case-control, and cohort studies all support a positive relation between consumption of animal fat and risk of prostate cancer, but current evidence suggests that vegetable fat is not related to risk of this cancer. Although relevant data are limited, neither linoleic acid nor extra-long-chain n-3 fatty acid consumption appears to be related to risk of prostate cancer. Because of the strong evidence that some aspect of foods high in animal fat increases risk of prostate cancer, further studies of specific dietary fatty acids in relation to the occurrence of this malignancy are likely to be particularly valuable.
The impact of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on human health; A considerable literature has been published on the health benefits of fish, oil-rich fish and fish oils and their constituent long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA. Evidence from epidemiological studies highlights the cardioprotective attributes of diets rich in fish, especially oil-rich fish. Data from intervention trials are consistent in suggesting that LC n-3 PUFA lower the risk of CVD, probably by the multiple mechanisms of lowering serum triacylglycerols, improving the LDL:HDL ratio, anti-arrhythmic effects on heart muscle, improved plaque stability, anti-thrombotic effects and reduced endothelial activation. Research indicates LC n-3 PUFA provision has an impact during development, and there is preliminary evidence that docosahexaenoic acid supplementation during pregnancy could optimise brain and retina development in the infant. LC n-3 PUFA are also postulated to ameliorate behavioural and mental health disturbances such as depression, schizophrenia, dementia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. However, despite some positive evidence in each of these areas, use of LC n-3 PUFA in these conditions remains at the experimental stage. In the case of immune function, there is little doubt that LC n-3 PUFA have a positive effect. Although intervention trials in rheumatoid arthritis show strong evidence of benefit, evidence for efficacy in other inflammatory conditions, including Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, psoriasis, lupus, multiple sclerosis, cystic fibrosis and asthma, is inconsistent or inadequate. More promising evidence in some conditions may come from studies which attempt to modify the fetal environment using LC n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy.
Dietary Fatty Acids; Fatty acids can be divided into four general categories: saturated, monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, and trans fats. Saturated fatty acids and trans fats are associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease. Monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with a decreased risk of coronary heart disease, although these associations are not uniformly supported in the literature. Omega-3 fatty acids, which are a type of polyunsaturated fatty acid, have been studied as potential therapy for a variety of medical conditions because of their suspected anti-inflammatory properties. Omega-3 fatty acids have also been shown to provide some benefit to patients with cystic fibrosis, and may have a protective effect against dementia. Physicians should counsel patients about the importance of avoiding hydrogenated oils and foods containing trans fats because of their association with coronary heart disease in observational studies. (Am Fam Physician. 2009;80(4):345-350, 372. Copyright (C) 2009 American Academy of Family Physicians.)
Fasting triglycerides are positively associated with cardiovascular mortality risk in people with diabetes; Aims We investigated the association of fasting triglycerides with cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Methods and results This cohort study included US adults from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys from 1988 to 2014. CVD mortality outcomes were ascertained by linkage to the National Death Index records. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of triglycerides for CVD mortality. The cohort included 26 570 adult participants, among which 3978 had diabetes. People with higher triglycerides had a higher prevalence of diabetes at baseline. The cohort was followed up for a mean of 12.0 years with 1492 CVD deaths recorded. A 1-natural-log-unit higher triglyceride was associated with a 30% higher multivariate-adjusted risk of CVD mortality in participants with diabetes (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.08-1.56) but not in those without diabetes (HR, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.83-1.07). In participants with diabetes, people with high triglycerides (200-499 mg/dL) had a 44% (HR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.12-1.85) higher multivariate-adjusted risk of CVD mortality compared with those with normal triglycerides (<150 mg/dL). The findings remained significant when diabetes was defined by fasting glucose levels alone, or after further adjustment for the use of lipid-lowering medications, or after the exclusion of those who took lipid-lowering medications. Conclusion This study demonstrates that fasting triglycerides of >= 200 mg/dL are associated with an increased risk of CVD mortality in patients with diabetes but not in those without diabetes. Future clinical trials of new treatments to lower triglycerides should focus on patients with diabetes.
N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FISH FATTY-ACIDS IN A FISH-OIL-SUPPLEMENTED BREAD; White bread enriched in n-3 fatty acids in the form of gelatine-coated fish oil and marketed in Denmark since 1990 under the name of 'Omega Bread', was found to be a reliable and significant source of higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (with 20 and 22 C atoms). The bread from six bakeries contained 40-55 mg per 100 g more n-3 fatty acids. By eating 200 g daily of this bread one gets some 25-30% of the amount of higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids present in 30 g of mixed fish. The daily ingestion of this amount of fish over a period of 20 years is known to reduce mortality from coronary heart disease by more than 50%. The supplement of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids obtained by eating Omega Bread daily in place of other types of white bread is expected to reduce coronary heart disease. In addition, such an increased daily ingestion of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids over a long-term period may possibly have other beneficial health effects. It is recommended that the intake of higher n-3 fatty acids in industrialised Western societies should be increased by more than can be obtained by a daily ration of Omega Bread. It is therefore advisable that consumption of Omega Bread is combined with an increased intake of fish and/or fish oil capsules and/or fish-oil-enriched substitutes for butter and margarine.
Diets lower in folic acid and carotenoids are associated with the coronary disease epidemic in Central and Eastern Europe; Objective To test. our hypothesis that lower intakes of previously identified cardioprotective nutrients would be associated with the coronary epidemic in Central and Eastern Europe.
Eicosapentanoic acid prolongs survival and attenuates inflammatory response in an experimental model of lethal trauma; In an attempt to define the efficacy of intravenously administered n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in an animal model of lethal trauma following femur fracture, an intravenous solution of eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) - one n-3 PUFA - was administered in 25 rabbits; 13 were controls and 12 were treated with EPA 30 min after fracture. Vital signs were recorded and serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and respiratory burst of neutrophils were assessed. Survival of controls was 7.7% and of animals treated with EPA 50% (log-rank: 5.162; p: 0.023). Vital signs of both groups did not differ. Oxidative burst of neutrophils was greater among EPA-treated animals compared with controls at 48 h (p: 0.010). Serum levels of TNF alpha of the former group were decreased compared with the latter at 48 h (p: 0.019). Bacterial growth of enterobacteriaceae from liver and spleen after death or euthanasia was lower among EPA-treated rabbits than controls. These results suggest that EPA possesses considerable immunomodulatory activities improving survival in a model of lethal trauma. Restoration of oxidative burst conferring efficient phagocytosis of evading bacteria seems the most probable mechanism of action. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Optimum eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid levels for farmed Atlantic salmon: closing the gap between science and commercial practice; The shift from fish oil to vegetable oil (VO) sources has lowered eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels in salmon aquafeeds. VOs are high in omega-6 and low in omega-3 essential fatty acids like EPA and DHA, crucial for fish metabolism and immunity. Algal oil (AO), with high EPA + DHA and lower omega-6 levels supports fish health and growth, but transferring lab-controlled conditions to real-world commercial farming remains a challenge. This study explored the benefits of high dietary EPA + DHA levels through a commercial farm (CF) study in Chile and a Big Data (BD) study in Norway. The CF study, involving 625,000 Atlantic salmon, compared standard feed with AO-supplemented feed. The latter resulted in improved health responses and better fillet quality. The BD study analyzed real data from 232.6 million fish, revealing that EPA + DHA levels > 8% reduce mortality variability by 21%, improve economic feed conversion ratio by 11%, and increase the likelihood of superior harvests by 27%, demonstrating productivity benefits. Both studies emphasize the advantages of feeds with EPA + DHA levels above typical industry practices, enhancing growth, health, and nutritional quality. Importantly, the BD study complements the CF study, bridging the gap between science and aquafarms, and providing evidence that diets with EPA + DHA > 8% offer biological performance benefits for farmers, regardless of farming environments.
Stress and dietary fat influence cell membranes and death due to ventricular fibrillation and heart failure; Adaptation to chronic stress or repeated adrenergic stimulation, to dietary fat and ageing was accompanied by significant changes in fatty acyl chain profile of cell membranes in the heart. Changes in fatty acyl composition of membrane phospholipids preceded down-regulation of adrenoceptors or occurred simultaneously. Successful adaptation to stress was accompanied by a balance between 20:4n-6 and 22:6n-3 in membrane phospholipids. Increased intake of 22:6n-3 in form of cod liver oil resulted in diminished levels of 20:4n-6 in heart muscle and gastric mucosa. Reduced levels of 20:4n-6 in membrane phospholipids of both gastric mucosa and cardiac muscle increased the vulnerability of the tissue to stress induced necrosis. Sudden death in man was, on the other hand, frequently accompanied by low levels of 22:6n-3 in heart muscle and high ratio of 20:4n-6/22:6n-3. Sudden death in rats, due to ventricular fibrillation, could be significantly reduced by dietary cod liver oil and increased availability of 22:6n-3. The one factor that seems to be of major importance in stress tolerance is the cellular availability of both arachidonic acid and docosa-hexaenoic acid and the balance between these two competing fatty acids. The availability of these fatty acids for diverse regulatory functions can be influenced by well known risk factors of coronary artey disease such as chronic stress, dietary fat and ageing.
Association of Mortality with Ocular Diseases and Visual Impairment in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 <i>Age</i>-<i>Related Eye Disease Study 2 Report Number 13</i>; Purpose: To evaluate the association of mortality with visual acuity (VA) impairment, age-related macular degeneration (AMD), and cataract surgery.
Double blind randomized clinical trial controlled by placebo with an alpha linoleic acid and prebiotic enriched cookie on risk cardiovascular factor in obese patients; Introduction: Inulin and FOS are prebiotics with potential benefit in cardiovascular risk factors. Alpha linolenic acid (ALA) is the metabolic precursor of the long chain n-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (20: 5n-3), this fatty acid has anti-inflammatory properties. The aim of our study was to evaluate the response of the cardiovascular risk profile in obese patients after inclusion in the diet of an ALA, FOS and inulin enriched-cookie.
Her-2 Breast Cancer Outcomes Are Mitigated by Consuming n-3 Polyunsaturated, Saturated, and Monounsaturated Fatty Acids Compared to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Lifestyle habits, such as the consumption of a healthy diet, may prevent up to 30-50% of breast cancer (BC) cases. Dietary fats are of specific interest, as research provides strong evidence regarding the association of dietary fats and BC. However, there is limited research on the role of different types of fats including polyunsaturated (PUFA), monounsaturated (MUFA), and saturated fatty acids (SFA). The objective of this study was to determine the effects of lifelong exposure to various dietary fats on mammary tumour development over a 20-week period. Female heterozygous MMTV-neu (ndl) YD5 mouse models were fed five maternal diets containing (1) 10% safflower oil (n-6 PUFA, control), (2) 3% menhaden oil + 7% safflower oil (marine n-3 PUFA, control), (3) 3% flaxseed + 7% safflower oil (plant-based n-3 PUFA), (4) 10% olive oil (MUFA), or (5) 10% lard (SFA). The primary measures, tumour latency, volume, and multiplicity differed by diet treatment in the following general order, n-6 PUFA > plant n-3 PUFA, SFA, MUFA > marine n-3 PUFA. Overall, these findings show that the quality of the diet plays a significant role influencing mammary tumour outcomes.
Prevention of cardiac arrhythmia by dietary (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids and their mechanism of action; The role of marine fish oil (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention of fatal ventricular arrhythmia has been established in experimental animals. Prevention of arrhythmias arising at the onset of ischemia and reperfusion is important because if untreated, they result in sudden cardiac death. Animals supplemented with fish oils in their diet developed little or no Ventricular fibrillation after ischemia was induced. Similar effects have also been observed in cultured neonatal cardiomyocytes. Several mechanisms have been proposed and studied to explain the antiarrhythmic effects of fish oil polyunsaturated fatty acids, but to date, no definite mechanism has been validated. The sequence of action of these mechanisms and whether more than one mechanism is involved is also not clear. Some of the mechanisms suggested to explain the antiarrhythmic action of fish oils include the incorporation and modification of cell membrane structure by (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, their direct effect on calcium channels and cardiomyocytes and their role in eicosanoid metabolism. Other mechanisms that are currently being investigated include the role of (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in cell signalling mediated through phosphoinositides and their effect on various enzymes and receptors. This article reviews these mechanisms and the antiarrhythmic studies using (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Comparative Effects of n-3, n-6 and n-9 Unsaturated Fatty Acid-Rich Diet Consumption on Lupus Nephritis, Autoantibody Production and CD4<SUP>+</SUP> T Cell-Related Gene Responses in the Autoimmune NZBWF1 Mouse; Mortality from systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), a prototypical autoimmune disease, correlates with the onset and severity of kidney glomerulonephritis. There are both preclinical and clinical evidence that SLE patients may benefit from consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) found in fish oil, but the mechanisms remain unclear. Here we employed the NZBWF1 SLE mouse model to compare the effects of dietary lipids on the onset and severity of autoimmune glomerulonephritis after consuming: 1) n-3 PUFA-rich diet containing docosahexaenoic acid-enriched fish oil (DFO), 2) n-6 PUFA-rich Western-type diet containing corn oil (CRN) or 3) n-9 monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)-rich Mediterranean-type diet containing high oleic safflower oil (HOS). Elevated plasma autoantibodies, proteinuria and glomerulonephritis were evident in mice fed either the n-6 PUFA or n-9 MUFA diets, however, all three endpoints were markedly attenuated in mice that consumed the n-3 PUFA diet until 34 wk of age. A focused PCR array was used to relate these findings to the expression of 84 genes associated with CD4(+) T cell function in the spleen and kidney both prior to and after the onset of the autoimmune nephritis. n-3 PUFA suppression of autoimmunity in NZBWF1 mice was found to co-occur with a generalized downregulation of CD4(+) T cell-related genes in kidney and/or spleen at wk 34. These genes were associated with the inflammatory response, antigen presentation, T cell activation, B cell activation/differentiation and leukocyte recruitment. Quantitative RT-PCR of representative affected genes confirmed that n-3 PUFA consumption was associated with reduced expression of CD80, CTLA-4, IL-10, IL-18, CCL-5, CXCR3, IL-6, TNF-alpha and osteopontin mRNAs in kidney and/or spleens as compared to mice fed n-6 PUFA or n-9 MUFA diets. Remarkably, many of the genes identified in this study are currently under consideration as biomarkers and/or biotherapeutic targets for SLE and other autoimmune diseases.
Quality changes occurring in stored solin, high linolenic acid and standard flaxseed (<i>Linum usitatissimum</i> L.); Changes occurring in stored solin/flax cultivars over 6 mo at temperatures ranging from 10 to 35 degrees C and moisture contents of 8.0, 9.5, 11.0 and 12.5% were observed. The cultivars were NorLin, McGregor, FP1001 (high linolenic acid), Linola(TM) 947 (solin) and Linola(TM) 989 (solin). Oil composition in all cultivars changed only slightly over 6 mo with a significant increase in palmitic acid. Doubling of free fatty acid levels was considered an indicator of quality deterioration. The deterioration occurred in 6 mo at 8% MC and 20 degrees C in FP1001 and in NorLin, McGregor, and Linola(TM) 947 at 25 degrees C; Linola(TM) 989 could be stored at 30 degrees C. Linola(TM) 989 could be safely stored at moderately higher temperatures at a given moisture level than Linola(TM) 947. Visible mold with corresponding germination loss was usually associated with Aspergillus glaucus group infection. Stored-product insects that could survive and develop on the solin/flax were the red flour beetle, Tribolium castaneum (Herbst), the confused flour beetle, T, confusum J. du Val, the sawtoothed grain beetle, Oryzaephilus surinamensis (L.) and the merchant grain beetle, O. mercator (Fauvel).
AMPA Receptor-Mediated Cell Death Is Reduced by Docosahexaenoic Acid but Not by Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Area CA1 of Hippocampal Slice Cultures; Over the last decade, several studies have shown that high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the brain might limit neuronal damage in various pathological conditions. For example, in animal models of Alzheimer's disease, omega-3 type PUFAs such as docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) acids have been proposed to decrease both the cognitive and the cellular manifestations of premature ageing. The mechanisms by which they promote brain integrity remain to be established, and the experiments on cultured hippocampal slices described here examine the possibility that omega-3 fatty acids can modulate brain cell viability by interacting with glutamate receptors. We observed, by lactate dehydrogenase release and propidium iodide (PI) uptake, that excitotoxicity triggered by an alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid (AMPA) receptor agonist was markedly reduced in hippocampal slices treated with DHA. PI uptake experiments also revealed that neuroprotection by DHA was restricted to the hippocampal CA1 region and could not be reproduced by EPA or arachidonic acid, an omega-6 PUFA. Moreover, the beneficial effect of DHA was specific to AMPA receptor stimulation, insofar as the toxicity induced by N-methyl-D-aspartate or kainate receptor agonists was not diminished by DHA preincubation. Biotinylation experiments finally indicated that the neuroprotective actions of DHA could result from down-regulation of AMPA receptors in hippocampal membranes. This investigation thus provides the first indication that a beneficial outcome of DHA on the brain could derive from specific modulation of AMPA-mediated toxicity, reinforcing the notion that dietary DHA uptake might be useful in preventing neurodegenerative diseases. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Effect of cinnamon on gastric emptying, arterial stiffness, postprandial lipemia, glycemia, and appetite responses to high-fat breakfast; Background: Cinnamon has been shown to delay gastric emptying of a high-carbohydrate meal and reduce postprandial glycemia in healthy adults. However, it is dietary fat which is implicated in the etiology and is associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to determine the effect of 3 g cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum) on GE, postprandial lipemic and glycemic responses, oxidative stress, arterial stiffness, as well as appetite sensations and subsequent food intake following a high-fat meal.
Effectiveness of immunonutrient-enriched diets in the decrease of infections and mortality in the critically ill; Objective: Pharmaconutrients have been shown in clinical and laboratory studies to modulate human and animal immune responses and thus to have potential benefits for the critically ill. However, reviews and meta-analyses continue to reflect controversy in the published research and a lack of agreement regarding these benefits. The objective of this study was to contribute to the resolution of such controversy by evaluating the effectiveness of immunonutrient-enriched diets in decreasing complications and mortality in patients with different critical illnesses.
SNPs of the <i>FADS</i> gene cluster are associated with polyunsaturated fatty acids in a cohort of patients with cardiovascular disease; Polymorphisms of the human Delta-5 (FADS1) and Delta-6 (FADS2) desaturase genes have been recently described to be associated with the level of several long-chain n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in serum phospholipids. We have genotyped 13 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) located on the FADS1-FADS2-FADS3 gene cluster (chromosome 11q12-13.1) in 658 Italian adults (78% males; mean age 59.7 +/- 11.1 years) participating in the Verona Heart Project. Polymorphisms and statistically inferred haplotypes showed a strong association with arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6) levels in serum phospholipids and in erythrocyte cell membranes (rs174545 adjusted P value for multiple tests, P < 0.0001 and P < 0.0001, respectively). Other significant associations were observed for linoleic (C18:2n-6), alpha-linolenic (C18:3n-3) and eicosadienoic (C20:2n-6) acids. Minor allele homozygotes and heterozygotes were associated to higher levels of linoleic, alpha-linolenic, eicosadienoic and lower levels of arachidonic acid. No significant association was observed for stearidonic (C18:4n-3), eicosapentaenoic (C20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic (C22:6n-3) acids levels. The observed strong association of FADS gene polymorphisms with the levels of arachidonic acid, which is a precursor of molecules involved in inflammation and immunity processes, suggests that SNPs of the FADS1 and FADS2 gene region are worth studying in diseases related to inflammatory conditions or alterations in the concentration of PUFAs.
Managing Hyperlipidemia in Adults With Chronic Kidney Disease; Patients with hyperlipidemia and chronic kidney disease (CKD) are at high risk for cardiovascular complications, including myocardial infarction, stroke, and arrhythmias. Patients with renal dysfunction should be closely monitored and treated with lipid-lowering therapy to reduce morbidity and mortality. While statins are the primary lipid-lowering therapy recommended in patients with CKD, other antihyperlipidemia medication classes include fibrates, bile acid sequestrants, niacin, ezetimibe, and omega-3 fatty acids. Pharmacists can play a key role in providing recommendations for therapy initiation, medication adjustments in renal dysfunction, and education about medications and adherence.
Effect of serum fatty acid composition on coronary atherosclerosis in Japan; The serum lipid profiles of patient's with or without significant coronary stenosis diagnosed by coronary angiography and of control subjects were compared. The level of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and eicosapentaenoic acid were significantly lower in the patients with significant coronary stenosis than in the control subjects. It suggests that high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and omega 3 fatty acids may have a protective effect on the progress of coronary atherosclerosis. The frequency of eating dark-meat fish was positively associated with serum eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, w3 fatty acids, and inversely associated with serum stearic acid and linoleic acid. The frequency of eating soybean products was positively associated with serum docosahexaenoic acid and inversely associated with serum linoleic acid. It is necessary to discuss a way to popularise a diet of dark-meat fish and soybean products as a means of preventing coronary heart disease. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Roasting intensity of naturally low-caffeine <i>Laurina</i> coffee modulates glucose metabolism and redox balance in humans; Objective: Coffee consumption is negatively associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular mortality. Coffee roasting can greatly modify the quality-quantitative characteristics of bioactive compounds. We compared the effects of two different roasting intensities of the same naturally low-caffeine Arabica coffee variety (Laurina) on glucose and lipid metabolism as well as oxidative stress.
Effect of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in treated-hypertensive type 2 diabetic subjects; n-3 Fatty acids reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease via a number of possible mechanisms. Despite this, there has been concern that these fatty acids may increase lipid peroxidation. The data in vivo are inconclusive, due in part to limitations in the methodologies. In this regard, the measurement of F-2-isoprostanes provides a reliable assessment of in vivo lipid peroxidation and oxidant stress. This study aimed to assess the effects of supplementation with purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the two major n-3 fatty acids, on urinary F-2-isoprostanes and markers of inflammation, in type 2 diabetic patients. In a double-blind, placebo controlled trial of parallel design, 59 nonsmoking, treated-hypertensive, type 2 diabetic subjects, were randomized to 4 g daily of purified EPA, DHA, or olive oil for 6 weeks, while maintaining their usual diet. F-2-isoprostanes, measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in 24 It urines and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), were measured before and after intervention. Thirty-nine men and 12 women aged 61.2 +/- 1.2 years, with body mass index (BMI), 29.5 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2); 24 h blood pressure, 138/73 mmHg; M-A1c, 7.3 +/- 0.1% and fasting glucose, 7.9 +/- 0.2 mmol/l completed the intervention. Baseline urinary F-2-isoprostanes were positively associated with HbA(1c) (p = .011) and fasting glucose (p = .032). Relative to the olive oil group, postintervention urinary F-2- isoprostanes were decreased 19% by EPA (p = .017) and 20% by DHA (p = .014). There were no significant changes in CRP, IL-6, and TNF-alpha following EPA or DHA supplementation. In regression analysis, A F-2-isoprostanes were positively associated with Delta HbA(1c) (p = .007) independent of treatment group; and with Delta TNF-alpha (p = .034) independent of age, gender, BMI, and treatment group. There were no associations with Delta CRP or Delta IL-6. This study is the first report demonstrating that either EPA or DHA reduce in vivo oxidant stress without changing markers of inflammation, in treated hypertensive, type 2 diabetic subjects. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc.
EFFECTS OF A NEW FLUID FISH OIL CONCENTRATE, ESKIMO-3, ON TRIGLYCERIDES, CHOLESTEROL, FIBRINOGEN AND BLOOD-PRESSURE; Eskimos have a very low incidence of cardiovascular disease, at least in part due to a high intake of n-3 fatty acids. ESKIMO-3 is a new stabilized (insensitive to oxidation) fluid fish oil concentrate, 30 ml of which contains an amount of eicosapentaenoic acid and total n-3 fatty acids equivalent to the daily intake among Eskimos. Thirty-three volunteers, healthy or with coronary artery disease, were given ESKIMO-3, at a dose of 15 or 30 ml d-1, corresponding to 2.7 or 5.4 g of  eicosapentaenoic acid d-1, or placebo oil, for a period of up to 6 months. ESKIMO-3 had a pronounced dose-dependent effect on several risk factors for coronary artery disease. Intake of one tablespoon (15 ml) daily for 6 months significantly reduced levels of triglycerides (-64%), total cholesterol (-8%), plasma fibrinogen (-23%) and diastolic blood pressure (-9%). Bleeding time was unchanged. Intake of two tablespoons daily for 4 weeks increased plasma eicosapentaenoic acid levels by 490% and decreased arachidonic acid by 20%. The HDL concentration increased by 21%. No change in the above mentioned variables was observed after intake of placebo oil.
Isoelectric Solubilization/Precipitation as a Means To Recover Protein Isolate from Striped Bass (<i>Morone saxatilis</i>) and Its Physicochemical Properties in a Nutraceutical Seafood Product; Excessive dietary intake of Na (i.e., NaCl) contributes to hypertension, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Normally, NaOH and HCl are used to dissolve and precipitate, respectively, fish muscle proteins in isoelectric solubilization/precipitation (ISP), therefore contributing to increased Na content in the recovered fish protein isolates (FPI). Substitution of NaOH with KOH may decrease the Na content in FPI and, thus, allow development of reduced-Na seafood products. In this study, FPI was recovered with ISP using NaOH or KOH. In order to develop a nutraceutical seafood product, the FPI was extracted with NaCl or KCl-based salt substitute and subjected to cold- or heat-gelation. In addition, standard nutraceutical additives (omega-3 fatty acids-rich oil and dietary fiber) along with titanium dioxide (TiO2) were added to FPI. Color, texture, dynamic rheology, Na and K content, and lipid oxidation of the FPI gels were compared to commercial Alaska pollock surimi gels. FPI gels had greater (p < 0.05) whiteness, good color properties (L*a*b*), and generally better textural properties when compared to surimi gels. Although the ISP-recovered FPI and surimi developed similar final gel elasticity, the proteins in FPI and surimi had different gelation pattern. A reduction (p < 0.05) of Na content and simultaneous increase (p < 0.05) in K content of FPI gels was achieved by the substitution of NaOH with KOH during ISP and NaCl with the KCl-based salt substitute during formulation of the FPI paste. Although cooking and addition of NaCl during formulation of the FPI paste increased (p < 0.05) lipid oxidation in FPI gels, TBARS values were much below rancidity levels. These results indicate that KOH can replace NaOH to recover FPI from whole gutted fish for subsequent development of nutraceutical seafood products tailored for reduction of diet-driven cardiovascular disease.
Apolipoprotein E and Its Association With Cognitive Change and Modification of Treatment Effects of Vitamin D3 and Omega-3s on Cognitive Change: Results From the In-Clinic Subset of a Randomized Clinical Trial; Background Apolipoprotein E (APOE)-epsilon 4 allele is associated with cognitive decline; however, its potential to modify effects of vitamin D3 and omega-3s supplementation on later-life cognition is unclear. Our objectives were to estimate among the in-clinic subset of a randomized trial: (1) associations between APOE-epsilon 4 and global and domain-specific cognitive change, with exploration of potential sex and race differences; and (2) modification by APOE-epsilon 4 of effects of vitamin D3 and omega-3s supplementation on cognitive change.Methods From an ancillary study of depression prevention within a completed 2 x 2 factorial trial testing vitamin D3 (2 000 IU per day), omega-3s (1 g per day), and/or placebos, we included 743 older adults with baseline in-person neuropsychiatric assessments and APOE genotyping data. The primary outcome was change in global cognition (averaging z-scores of 9 tests) over 2 years. Secondarily, episodic memory and executive function/attention z-scores were examined. General linear models of response profiles with multiplicative interaction terms were constructed; stratified results were reported.Results Mean age (standard deviation) was 67.1 (5.3) years; 50.6% were females; 24.9% were APOE-epsilon 4 carriers. Compared to noncarriers, APOE-epsilon 4 carriers had worse 2-year change in global cognition and episodic memory; differences were more apparent among females than males. There was no variation by race in APOE-epsilon 4 associations with cognition. APOE-epsilon 4 did not significantly modify effects of vitamin D3 or omega-3s, compared to placebo, on change in global cognition, episodic memory, or executive function/attention.Conclusions APOE-epsilon 4 was associated with worse cognition but did not modify overall effects of vitamin D3 or omega-3 supplementation on cognition over 2 years.
Fatty acid content and composition of various Korean shellfish; Twelve species of Korean shellfish were analyzed for their fatty acids content and composition. Most shellfish contained 1.38-4.04% of total fatty acids by weight. Monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fatty acids constituted 11.43-27.46, 18.96-50.40, and 30.68-55.32% of total fatty acids in shellfish, respectively. The ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids ranged from 0.34-1.64. Total n-3 fatty acid contents (6.13-45.93%) were higher than those of n-6 (2.76-16.24%). All bivalves showed high n-3/n-6 ratios (1.97-15.33). These results show the nutritional value of shellfish as dietary sources of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid with desirable n-3/n-6 ratio.
Associations of dietary PUFA with dyslipidaemia among the US adults: the findings from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2009-2016; Dyslipidaemia, a significant risk factor of CVD, is threatening human health worldwide. PUFA are crucial long-chain fatty acids for TAG synthesis and removal, potentially decreasing dyslipidaemia risk. We examined dyslipidaemia prevalence among 15 244 adults aged >= 20 years from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2009-2016. Dyslipidaemia was defined as total cholesterol >= 240 mg/dl, or HDL-cholesterol < 40 mg/dl/50 mg/dl for males/females, respectively, or LDL-cholesterol >= 160 mg/dl, or TAG >= 200 mg/dl, or taking lipid-modifying medications. We measured the daily PUFA intake using a 24-h dietary recall. Demographics, social economics, and lifestyle factors were collected using questionnaires/interviews. Additionally, we measured Se and Hg levels in the whole blood. Logistic regression models were used to examine the association between PUFA and dyslipidaemia. The unweighted and weighted dyslipidaemia prevalences were 72 center dot 4% and 71 center dot 0 %, respectively. When grouped into tertiles, PUFA intake above 19 center dot 524 g/d was associated with an independent 19 % decrease in dyslipidaemia risk (OR = 0 center dot 81 (95 % CI 0 center dot 71, 0 center dot 94)) compared with the lowest tertile (PUFA intake <= 12 center dot 349 g/d). A threshold inverse association was further determined by the restricted cubic spline analysis. When PUFA intake was increased to its turning point, that is, 19 g/d, the lower nadir risk for dyslipidaemia was obtained (OR = 0 center dot 72 (95 % CI 0 center dot 56, 0 center dot 89)). When the exposure was the sum of alpha-linolenic acid and octadecatetraenoic acid, the inverse linear association remained. Dietary PUFA intake is a beneficial factor for dyslipidaemia among American adults, independent of many potential confounders, including Hg and Se.
Docosapentaenoic acid and lung cancer risk: A Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundObservational studies have shown that excessive dietary fat may be associated with lung carcinogenesis. However, findings from previous studies are inconsistent and it remains unclear whether docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), a kind of polyunsaturated fatty acid, is linked to the risk of lung cancer. The aim of this study is to investigate the causal effect of DPA on lung cancer with Mendelian randomization (MR) method.
Apoptosis is induced by docosahexaenoic acid in breast cancer cells via death receptor and mitochondria-mediated pathways; In the present study, the antitumor effect of n-3 fatty acid was evaluated, and the effect of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the induction of apoptosis and its underlying mechanism were examined. Flow cytometry and western blot analysis were performed to analyze apoptosis and the expression of protein factors in human breast cancer cells. The data revealed that DHA inhibited the viability of MCF-7 breast cancer cells in vitro, and promoted cell death by the induction of apoptosis. DHA decreased the expression of B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2), whereas the expression of Bcl-2-associated X protein was increased. DHA was also shown to promote the release of Smac/Diablo and cytochrome c from the mitochondria. DHA increased the levels of cleaved caspase-8, -9 and -3. Additionally, the protein expression of tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand, death receptor 4 and Fas were increased following DHA treatment. In conclusion, DHA caused apoptosis of the human breast cancer cells in vitro through the death receptor and mitochondria-mediated pathways. The results of this study encourage further investigation of the effect of fish oil on the prevention and treatment of human breast cancer.
THE EFFECTS OF FISH OIL ON TRIGLYCERIDES, CHOLESTEROL, FIBRINOGEN AND MALONDIALDEHYDE IN HUMANS SUPPLEMENTED WITH VITAMIN-E; The effects of fish oils supplemented with 0.3 IU/g and 1.5 IU/g of vitamin E were compared in a double-blind, cross-over study.  Twelve healthy volunteers were given 30 ml/day of either oil for 3 wk.  Intake of the vitamin E-rich fish oil resulted in a marked decrease in serum triglycerides (48%) and in fibrinogen (11%).  After administration of the low vitamin E-containing oil there was a considerably smaller reduction of serum triglycerides and no significant reduction of fibrinogen.  Both oils caused an increase in high density lipoprotein cholesterol and a decrease in the atherogenic index, but neither oil altered the total cholesterol level.  Serum vitamin E was decreased by 9% and plasma malondialdehyde was increased by 122% after intake of the low vitamin E-containing oil, but both remained normal after intake of the other oil.  The effect of vitamin E may be due to inhibition of fatty acid peroxidation with less formation of malondialdehyde and a larger amount of active (n-3) fatty acids in their sites of action in the liver, resulting in a greater decrease in the synthesis of triglycerides and fibrinogen.
Perspective: Nutritional Strategies Targeting the Gut Microbiome to Mitigate COVID-19 Outcomes; More than a year has passed since the first reported case of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV2) infection in the city of Wuhan in China's Hubei Province. Until now, few antiviral medications (e.g., remdesivir) or drugs that target inflammatory complications associated with SARS-CoV2 infection have been considered safe by public health authorities. By the end of November 2020, this crisis had led to >1 million deaths and revealed the high susceptibility of people with pre-existing comorbidities (e.g., obesity, diabetes, coronary heart disease, hypertension) to suffer from a severe form of the disease. Elderly people have also been found to be highly susceptible to SARS-CoV2 infection and morbidity. Gastrointestinal manifestations and gut microbial alterations observed in SARS-CoV2-infected hospitalized patients have raised awareness of the potential role of intestinal mechanisms in increasing the severity of the disease. It is therefore critically important to find alternative or complementary approaches, not only to prevent or treat the disease, but also to reduce its growing societal and economic burden. In this review, we explore potential nutritional strategies that implicate the use of polyphenols, probiotics, vitamin D, and omega-3 fatty acids with a focus on the gut microbiome, and that could lead to concrete recommendations that are easily applicable to both vulnerable people with pre-existing metabolic comorbidities and the elderly, but also to the general population.
New oral agents for treating dyslipidemia; Purpose of review
Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, remnant-cholesterol, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Purpose of reviewDespite indisputable role of LDL-C lowering, a considerable residual risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) persists. The precise mechanism(s) underlying this phenomenon remain unclear. Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) appear to be one of the main mediators, based on the genetic and epidemiologic data. However, whether this is caused by direct effects of Triglycerides or other components of TRL remains uncertain. The cholesterol component of TRL remnants (Rem-C) has been proposed as a more pertinent mediator of the increased risk associated with high triglycerides.Recent findingsSeveral long-term observational studies have shown a significant relationship between Rem-C and ASCVD events, compared with other triglyceride-related parameters. Recent trials have shown that lowering of triglyceride levels by various agents, including fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids, in statin-treated subjects, did not explain the reduction in ASCVD events. In a large clinical trial with pemafibrate, a highly selective PPAR-alpha agonist, in type 2 diabetes and elevated triglycerides, the reduction in triglycerides was accompanied by a significant increase in LDL-C and Apo-B levels, despite a reduction in Rem-C, and no effect on ASCVD events.Elevated Rem-C as a risk determinant, with LDL-C at goal, requires additional studies in clinical trials. Standardization and accuracy of Rem-C assays (calculated versus direct method) is also needed.
Dietary Patterns Are Associated with Disease Risk among Participants in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of death in women. A nested case-control study tested whether dietary patterns predicted CHD events among 1224 participants in the Women's Health Initiative-Observational Study (WHI-OS) with centrally confirmed CHD, fatal or nonfatal myocardial infarct compared to 1224 WHI-OS controls matched for age, enrollment date, race/ethnicity, and absence of CHD at baseline or follow-up. The first six principal components explained >75% of variation in dietary intakes and K-mean analysis based on these six components produced three clusters. Diet cluster 1 was rich in carbohydrate, vegetable protein, fiber, dietary vitamin K, folate, carotenoids, alpha-linolenic acid [18:3(n-3)], linoleic acid 118:2(n-6)1, and supplemental calcium and vitamin D. Diet cluster 2 was rich in total and animal protein, arachidonic acid [20:4(n-6)], DHA [22:6(n-3)], vitamin D, and calcium. Diet cluster 3 was rich in energy, total fat, and trans fatty acids (all P < 0.01). Conditional logistic regression analysis demonstrated diet cluster 1 was associated with lower CHD risk than diet cluster 2 (reference group) adjusted for smoking, education, and physical activity [OR = 0.79 (95% CI = 0.64, 0.99); P = 0.038]. This difference was not significant after adjustment for BMI and systolic blood pressure. Diet cluster 3 was associated with higher CHD risk than diet cluster 2 [OR = 1.28 (95% CI = 1.04, 1.57); P = 0.019], but this difference did not remain significant after adjustment for smoking, education, and physical activity. Within this WHI-OS cohort, distinct dietary patterns may be associated with subsequent CHD outcomes. J. Nutr. 142: 284-291, 2012.
Evidence of Dietary Improvement and Preventable Costs of Cardiovascular Disease; We conducted a review to summarize preventable medical costs of cardiovascular disease (CVD) associated with improved diet, as defined by the 2020 Strategic Impact Goal of the American Heart Association. We searched databases of PubMed, Embase, CINAHL and ABI/INFORM to identify population-based studies published from January 1995 to December 2015 on CVD medical costs related to excess intake of salt/sodium or sugar-sweetened beverages, and inadequate intake of fruits and vegetables, fish/fish oils/omega-3 fatty acids, or whole grains/fiber/dietary fiber. Based on the American Heart Association's secondary dietary metrics, we also searched the literature on inadequate intake of nuts and excess intake of processed meat and saturated fat. For each component, we evaluated the CVD cost savings if consumption levels were changed. The cost savings were adjusted into 2013 US dollars. Among 330 studies focusing on diet and economic consequences, 16 studies evaluated CVD costs associated with 1 or more dietary components: salt/sodium (n = 13), fruits and vegetables (n = 1), meat (n = 1), and saturated fat (n = 3). In the United States, reducing individual sodium intake to 2,300 mg/day from the current level could potentially save $1,990.9/person per year for hypertension treatment, based on a simulation study. Increasing consumption of fruits and vegetables from <0.5 cup/day to >1.5 cups/day could save $1,568.0/person per year in treatment costs for CVD, based on a cohort study. Potential CVD cost savings associated with diet improvement are substantial. Interventions for reducing sodium intake and increasing fruit and vegetable consumption could be viable means to alleviate the increasing national medical expenditures. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Foods with a High Fat Quality Are Essential for Healthy Diets; Fat is generally a highly valued element of the diet to provide energy, palatability to dry foods or to serve as a cooking medium. However, some foods rich in fat have a low fat quality with respect to nutrition, i.e., a relative high content of saturated (SFA) as compared to unsaturated fatty acids, whereas others have a more desirable fat quality, i.e., a relative high content of unsaturated fatty acids as compared to SFA. High-fat dairy products and fatty meats are examples of foods with low fat quality, whereas vegetable oils (tropical oils such as palm and coconut oil excluded) are products with a generally high fat quality. The aim of this paper is to explore the nutritional impact of products made of vegetable oils, e. g. margarines and dressings, and how they can be designed to contribute to good health. Since their first industrial production, the food industry has endeavored to improve products like margarines, including their nutritional characteristics. With evolving nutrition science, margarines and cooking products, and to a lesser extent dressings, have been adapted to contain less trans fatty acids (TFA), less SFA and more essential (polyunsaturated, PUFA) fatty acids. This has been possible by using careful fat and oil selection and modification processes. By blending vegetable oils rich in the essential PUFAs alpha-linolenic acid (vegetable omega-3) or linoleic acid (omega-6), margarines and dressings with both essential fatty acids present in significant quantities can be realized. In addition, full hydrogenation and fat rearrangement have enabled the production of cost-effective margarines virtually devoid of TFA and low in SFA. Dietary surveys indicate that vegetable oils, soft margarines and dressings are indeed often important sources of essential fatty acids in people's diets, whilst providing negligible amounts of TFA and contributing modestly to SFA intakes. Based on empirical and epidemiological data, the public health benefit of switching from products with a low fat quality to products with a high fat quality can be predicted. For example, switching from butter or palm oil to a soft margarine shows a substantial improvement in the nutritional quality of the diet. These simple, practical dietary adaptations can be expected to contribute to the healthy growth and development of children and to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Recent Clinical Studies of the Effects of Lipid-Modifying Therapies; Results from multiple clinical trials, primarily with the class of lipid-lowering agents known as statins, have shown that reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol are associated with reduced risk of coronary artery disease. Although LDL cholesterol is the primary target of cholesterol management strategies, increasing attention has focused on the role of inflammation, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides in atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. We review major trials with lipid-modifying therapies published since the 2004 update of the Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III guidelines. A pivotal trial was the Justification for the Use of Statins in Primary Prevention: an Intervention Trial Evaluating Rosuvastatin (JUPITER), which demonstrated significant reductions in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in healthy individuals without elevated LDL cholesterol but With high levels of the inflammatory marker high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Additional trials demonstrated the efficacy of intensive statin therapy in secondary prevention, whereas other agents, including fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, niacin, ezetimibe, and experimental cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors, have been evaluated for their ability to reduce residual cardiovascular risk. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2012;110[suppl]:15A-26A)
The Relationships between Erythrocyte Membrane n-6 to n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Ratio and Blood Lipids and C-reactive Protein in Chinese Adults: An Observational Study; Objective To investigate the relationships between erythrocyte membrane n-6:n-3 PUFAs ratio and blood lipids and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP).
Effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid on upper limit of vulnerability shocks; Background: Ventricular fibrillation (VF) can be induced when a strong shock is delivered during the vulnerable period of a cardiac cycle. VF, however, cannot be induced if the shock strength is increased to the "upper limit of vulnerability" (ULV) level. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has been shown to prevent the occurrence of VF after coronary occlusion. However, its effects on the ULV have not been verified. We tested the hypothesis that ULV shock strength is decreased after DHA administration.
Diet-Quality Indexes Are Associated with a Lower Risk of Cardiovascular, Respiratory, and All-Cause Mortality among Chinese Adults; Background: Diet-quality indexes have been associated with a lower risk of chronic disease mortality in Western populations, but it is unclear whether these indexes reflect protective dietary patterns in Asian populations.
What is the best way to feed patients with pancreatitis?; Purpose of review
Association between plasma long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids concentrations and cognitive function: findings from NHANES III; Background With increased life expectancy, cognitive decline has emerged as a prevalent neurodegenerative disorder.Objective This study aimed to examine the correlation between concentrations of Plasma long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) and cognitive performance in elderly Americans.Methods Data were analyzed from older adults enrolled in two NHANES cycles. Participants completed four cognitive assessments, including the Immediate Recall Test (IRT), Delayed Recall Test (DRT), Animal Fluency Test (AFT), and Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST). Linear regression and restricted cubic spline modeling examined associations between plasma LCPUFAs levels and cognitive test outcomes.Results The cohort included 610 adults aged 69 years on average, 300 (49.2%) males and 310 (50.8%) females. The median LCPUFAs concentration was 309.4 mu mol/L, with an interquartile range of 244.7-418.9 mu mol/L. In unadjusted and adjusted generalized linear regression model analyses, circulating LCPUFAs exhibited significant positive correlations with DRT performance. No relationships were detected among those with chronic conditions (chronic heart failure, stroke, diabetes). A significant association between LCPUFAs levels and DRT scores was evident in males but not females.Conclusion Plasma LCPUFAs concentrations were significantly associated with DRT performance in males free of chronic illnesses, including heart failure, stroke, and diabetes.
Metabolic landscape dysregulation in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of checkpoint inhibitor pneumonitis; Background: Checkpoint inhibitor pneumonitis (CIP) is a potentially fatal adverse event resulting from immunotherapy in patients with malignant tumors. However, the pathogenesis of CIP remains poorly understood.Methods: We collected bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) from cohorts of patients with CIP, new-onset lung cancer (LC), and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Non-targeted metabolomics analysis was conducted to analyze metabolic signatures. Flow cytometry was used to evaluate immune cell subsets. Results: Lymphocytes were predominant in the BALF of patients with CIP. A total of 903 metabolites were identified, among which lipid compounds were the most abundant. In a comparison between patients with CIP and LC, enrichment analysis of the altered metabolites showed suppressed amino sugar metabolism, and spermidine and spermine biosynthesis in the CIP group. Metabolism of alpha linolenic acid, linoleic acid, and their fatty acid derivatives was enriched in the CIP group relative to the IPF group. The twelve metabolites found to be enriched in the CIP group were positively correlated with the proportion of CD8+ T cells. One cluster of BALF metabolites, 57.14% of which were lipid molecules, was inversely correlated with the proportion of natural killer cells.Conclusions: In this study, the metabolomic landscape of BALF in patients with CIP was determined. We elucidated suppressed tumor metabolic signatures, enhanced pulmonary inflammatory signaling, and the characteristics of responsible immune cells, which helps to understand the pathogenesis of CIP.
Higher intakes of nutrients are linked with a lower risk of cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes mellitus, arthritis, and depression among Korean adults; Persons with underlying noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) are more likely to acquire se-vere coronavirus disease 2019 disease and to die from coronavirus disease 2019. An urgent need for potential therapy to prevent and control NCDs is critical. We hypothesized that higher intakes of multiple individual nutrients, fruits, or vegetables would be linked with a low risk of NCDs in the Korean population. Thus, we aim to explore the association between NCDs, including cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arthritis, depres-sion, and dietary factors. A total of 56,462 adults aged 18 years (2009-2019) were included. Dietary factors, including intakes of multiple individual nutrients, fruits, and vegetables, were assessed. Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression models were used to explore the associations between dietary factors and NCDs. Interactions were found between intakes of multiple individual nutrients and sex for T2DM, hypertension, stroke, myocardial infarction, arthritis, and osteoarthritis. Only in women was a 2-fold increase in daily multiple individ-ual nutrient intake (vitamins A, B1, B2, B3, C; potassium, protein; phosphorus; calcium; iron; monounsaturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid; n-3 fatty acid and n-6 fatty acid; and water) associated with a lower prevalence of T2DM, hypertension, stroke, myocardial infarction, arthritis, and osteoarthritis. In both women and men, high fruit or vegetable con-sumption was linked with a lower risk of T2DM, hypertension, dyslipidemia, osteoarthritis, and depression than low consumption. Our findings found higher intakes of fruits, vegeta-bles, and multiple individual nutrients are linked with a lower risk of NCDs in the Koreanadult population. Further work is needed to identify whether interactions between intake of multiple individual nutrients, vegetables, and fruits affect the presence of NCDs.(c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of a low and a high dietary LA/ALA ratio on long- chain PUFA concentrations in red blood cells; There is a debate about the optimal dietary ratio of the parent n6 fatty acid linoleic acid (LA) and n3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) to promote an efficient conversion of ALA to EPA and DHA, which have implications for human health. The aim of the present study was to compare the effects of a low-LA/high-ALA ((lo)LA/(hi)ALA) diet with a high-LA/low-ALA ((hi)LA/(lo)ALA) diet on fatty acid concentrations in red blood cells (RBCs). Fifteen omnivore healthy men (mean age 26.1 +/- 4.5 years) with a low initial EPA/DHA status (sum (Sigma) EPA + DHA% of total fatty acids in RBC at baseline: 4.03 +/- 0.17) received both diets for two weeks with a nine-week wash-out phase in between. Fatty acid intake of the subjects was tightly controlled. Concentrations [g mL(-1)] and relative amounts [% of total fatty acids] of fatty acids in RBCs were analyzed at baseline (day 0), day 7 and 14 by means of GC-FID. The dietary LA/ALA ratios were 0.56 +/- 0.27:1 and 25.6 +/- 2.41:1 and led to significantly different changes of ALA, LA, EPA and Sigma EPA + DHA concentrations in RBCs. In the course of the (lo)LA/(hi)ALA diet ALA and EPA concentrations and relative amounts of Sigma EPA + DHA increased, whereas LA concentrations decreased. The DHA concentration was unaffected. The (hi)LA/(lo)ALA diet led to slightly decreased EPA concentrations, while all other fatty acid concentrations remained constant. Compared to our previous study, where we simply increased the ALA intake, our results show that ALA supplementation combined with a reduced LA intake ((lo)LA/(hi)ALA diet) more efficiently enhanced EPA blood concentrations. The absence of changes in the PUFA pattern in consequence of a LA/ALA ratio of 25.6 +/- 2.41:1 suggests that the high LA/ALA ratio of the Western diet already leads to a saturation and a further increase of the ratio does not affect the PUFA pattern.
Ferrous gluconate triggers ferroptosis in Escherichia coli : Implications of lipid peroxidation and DNA damage; Microbial ferroptosis has been proved to combat drug -resistant pathogens, but whether this pattern can be applied to the prevention and control of Escherichia coli remains to be further explored. In this study, ferrous gluconate (FeGlu) showed remarkable efficacy in killing E. coli MG1655 with a mortality rate exceeding 99.9%, as well as enterotoxigenic E. coli H10407 (ETEC H10407) and enterohemorrhagic E. coli O157:H7 (EHEC O157: H7). Bacteria death was instigated by the infiltration of Fe 2 + , accompanied by a burst of intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) and lipid peroxidation. Notably, mitigating lipid peroxidation failed to alleviate death of E. coli . Further findings confirmed that FeGlu induced DNA damage, and Delta recA mutant showed more sensitive, implicating that DNA damage was involved in the death of E. coli . The direct interaction of Fe 2 + with DNA was demonstrated by fluorescent staining, gel electrophoresis, and circular dichroism (CD). Moreover, proteomic analysis unveiled 50 differentially expressed proteins (DEPs), including 18 significantly down -regulated proteins and 32 significantly up -regulated proteins. Among them, the down -regulation of SOS -responsive transcriptional suppressor LexA indicated DNA damage induced severely by FeGlu. Furthermore, FeGlu influenced pathways such as fatty acid metabolism (FadB, FadE), iron -sulfur cluster assembly (IscA, IscU, YadR), iron binding, and DNA -binding transcription, along with alpha -linolenic acid metabolism, fatty acid degradation, and pyruvate metabolism. These pathways were related to FeGlu stress, including lipid peroxidation and DNA damage. In summary, FeGlu facilitated ferroptosis in E. coli through mechanisms involving lipid peroxidation and DNA damage, which presents a new strategy for the development of innovative antimicrobial strategies targeting E. coli infections.
Fish oil, selenium and mercury in relation to incidence of hypertension: a 20-year follow-up study; Objectives. Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC omega 3PUFAs), selenium (Se) and mercury (Hg) are three important components in fish. The cardioprotective effect of LC omega 3PUFA intake has been recognized; however, the hypothesis that this benefit may be greatest with high Se and low Hg levels has not been investigated.
Circulating linoleic acid at the time of myocardial infarction and risk of primary ventricular fibrillation; Primary ventricular fibrillation (PVF) is a major driver of cardiac arrest in the acute phase of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Enrichment of cardiomyocyte plasma membranes with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) reduces vulnerability to PVF experimentally, but clinical data are scarce. PUFA status in serum phospholipids is a valid surrogate biomarker of PUFA status in cardiomyocytes within a wide range of dietary PUFA. In this nested case-control study (n = 58 cases of STEMI-driven PVF, n = 116 control non-PVF STEMI patients matched for age, sex, smoking status, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus and hypertension) we determined fatty acids in serum phospholipids by gas-chromatography, and assessed differences between cases and controls, applying the Benjamini-Hochberg procedure on nominal P-values to control the false discovery rate (FDR). Significant differences between cases and controls were restricted to linoleic acid (LA), with PVF patients showing a lower level (nominal P = 0.002; FDR-corrected P = 0.027). In a conditional logistic regression model, each one standard deviation increase in the proportion of LA was related to a 42% lower prevalence of PVF (odds ratio = 0.58; 95% confidence interval, 0.37, 0.90; P = 0.02). The association lasted after the inclusion of confounders. Thus, regular consumption of LA-rich foods (nuts, oils from seeds) may protect against ischemia-driven malignant arrhythmias.
Lipoprotein Lipase: Is It a Magic Target for the Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia; High levels of triglycerides (TG) and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRLs) confer a residual risk of cardiovascular disease after op-timal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)-lowering therapy. Consensus has been made that LDL-C is a non-arguable pri-mary target for lipid lowering treatment, but the optimization of TGRL for reducing the remnant risk of cardiovascular diseases is urged. Omega-3 fatty acids and fibrates are used to reduce TG levels, but many patients still have high TG and TGRL levels com-bined with low high-density lipoprotein concentration that need to be ideally treated. Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) is a key regulator for TGs that hydrolyzes TGs to glycerol and free fatty acids in lipoprotein particles for lipid storage and consumption in peripheral or-gans. A deeper understanding of human genetics has enabled the identification of proteins regulating the LPL activity, which include the apolipoproteins and angiopoietin-like families. Novel therapeutic approach such as antisense oligonucleotides and monoclonal antibodies that regulate TGs have been developed in recent decades. In this article, we focus on the biology of LPL and its modula-tors and review recent clinical application, including genetic studies and clinical trials of novel therapeutics. Optimization of LPL ac-tivity to lower TG levels could eventually reduce incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in conjunction with successful LDL-C reduction.
<i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched diet does not protect from liver injury but attenuates mortality rate in a rat model of systemic endotoxemia; Objective: We investigated the potential of dietary fish oil containing n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to attenuate hepatic injury and mortality rate of rats in response to systemic endotoxemia.
A combined analysis of genome-wide association studies in breast cancer; In an attempt to identify common disease susceptibility alleles for breast cancer, we performed a combined analysis of three genome-wide association studies (GWAS), involving 2,702 women of European ancestry with invasive breast cancer and 5,726 controls. Tests for association were performed for 285,984 SNPs. Evidence for association with SNPs in genes in specific pathways was assessed using a permutation-based approach. We confirmed associations with loci reported by previous GWAS on 1p11.2, 2q35, 3p, 5p12, 8q24, 10q23.13, 14q24.1 and 16q. Six SNPs with the strongest signals of association with breast cancer, and which have not been reported previously, were typed in two further studies; however, none of the associations could be confirmed. Suggestive evidence for an excess of associations was found for genes involved in the regulation of actin cytoskeleton, glycan degradation, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, circadian rhythm, hematopoietic cell lineage and drug metabolism. Androgen and oestrogen metabolism, a pathway previously found to be associated with the development of postmenopausal breast cancer, was marginally significant (P = 0.051 [unadjusted]). These results suggest that further analysis of SNPs in these pathways may identify associations that would be difficult to detect through agnostic single SNP analyses. More effort focused in these aspects of oncology can potentially open up promising avenues for the understanding of breast cancer and its prevention.
The electrophysiological basis for the antiarrhythmic actions of polyunsaturated fatty acids; Aims To determine whether n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have cardiac antiarrhythmic effects. and, if so, to determine the basis(es) for such an effect.
Flaxseed reduces plasma cholesterol and atherosclerotic lesion formation in ovariectomized Golden Syrian hamsters; Background: Dietary modification contributes significantly in reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors including lowering cholesterol and atherosclerosis. The purpose of this Study was to investigate the effects of flaxseed, a rich source of lignans, alpha-linolenic acid and Soluble fiber mucilage, on the prevention of ovariectomy-induced rise in total cholesterol and atherosclerotic lesions. Methods: Seventy-two 6-month-old female Golden Syrian hamsters were either ovariectomized (ovx) or sham-operated (sham) and randomly assigned to six groups (n = 12): sham, ovx, or ovx Plus either 17beta-estradiol (E-2, 10 mug/kg body weight) or semi-purified diet adjusted for macronutrients and fiber to contain one of the three doses off flaxseed (7.5, 15, or 22.5%) for 120 days. Results: Ovariectomy significantly elevated plasma total-, HDL-, and free-cholesterol concentrations. Similar to estrogen, all doses of flaxseed were effective in preventing the ovx-induced rise in plasma total cholesterol. Triglyceride concentrations were significantly higher in the flax-fed hamsters. There were no significant differences in plasma non-HDL- and esterified-cholesterol among, the treatment groups. Ovariectomy also increased the number of hamsters with lesions and the aortic fatty streak area. All three doses of flaxseed reduced the fatty streak area and the incidence of lesions to levels similar to the sham group. Conclusion: The findings of this study show that flaxseed is beneficial in reducing plasma cholesterol and plaque formation induced by ovarian hormone deficiency. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic options for aromatase inhibitor-associated arthralgia in breast cancer survivors: A systematic review of systematic reviews, evidence mapping, and network meta-analysis; Aromatase inhibitor-associated arthralgia (AIA) is a common problem in breast cancer survivors and is associated with noncompliance with aromatase inhibitor therapy. The aim of this research was to assess the current evidence for the various therapeutic options available for AIA. We searched the PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects for systematic reviews of trials investigating treatments for AIA to June 2018. Eligible systematic reviews were subjected to evidence mapping and the randomized controlled trials included in the systematic reviews were hand-searched for a network meta analysis. Six systematic reviews were included in the evidence mapping. Acupuncture was the most common treatment modality studied (four randomized controlled trials), and pharmacological interventions, aerobic exercise, Nordic walking, omega-3 fatty acids, and vitamin D were assessed less frequently. In view of the limitations in the overall confidence level for each review, the evidence for acupuncture as an effective treatment for AIA was considered low. Second, data from 6 randomized controlled trials were included in the network meta-analysis. When compared with a waiting list control, acupuncture (mean difference [MD] -2.00, 95% confidence interval [CI] -3.16, -0.84), aerobic exercise (MD -0.80, 95% CI-1.33, -0.016), and omega-3 fatty acids (MD -2.10, 95% CI -3.23, -0.97) significantly improved pain severity scores. Network meta-analysis of adverse events was not possible because of poor reporting. Acupuncture is presently the most widely investigated intervention but is recommended for MA with low overall confidence based on the current evidence.
Optimal diets for prevention of coronary heart disease; Context Coronary heart disease (CHD) remains the leading cause of mortality in industrialized countries and is rapidly becoming a primary cause of death worldwide. Thus, identification of the dietary changes that most effectively prevent CHD is critical.
Comparative effects of dietary supplementations with sodium butyrate, medium-chain fatty acids, and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in late pregnancy and lactation on the reproductive performance of sows and growth performance of suckling piglets; This study was conducted to compare the effects of adding sodium butyrate (SB), medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs), or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) to the diet of sows during late gestation and lactation on the reproductive performance of sows and the growth performance and intestinal health of suckling piglets. Twenty-four sows (Landrace x Large-White hybrid; third parity; 200 +/- 15 kg) were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 4 diets: basal diet (control group), basal diet + 1 g SB/kg (SB group), basal diet + 7.75 g MCFA/kg (MCFA group), or basal diet + 68.2 g n-3 PUFA/kg (n-3 PUFA group). The experiment began on day 85 of gestation and ended day 22 of lactation. Colostrum samples were collected from each sow. After the experiment, blood and tissue samples were collected from 1 randomly selected piglet. The results showed that the weaning-to-estrus interval of sows in the SB, MCFA, and n-3 PUFA groups was shorter than that of sows in the control group (P < 0.05). The incidence of diarrhea in suckling piglets in the SB, MCFA, and n-3 PUFA groups was lower than that of piglets in the control group (P < 0.05). The fat, protein, IgA, IgG, and IgM concentration in colostrum from sows increased following dietary supplementation with SB, MCFA, or n-3 PUFA (P < 0.05). Comparison with the control group, the mRNA expression of claudin-1, zona occludens 1, and interleukin-10 increased in the jejunum mucosa of suckling piglets in the SB, MCFA, and n-3 PUFA groups, while that of TLR4 decreased (P < 0.05). Compared with the control group, the Chao1 and ACE indexes of microbial flora in the colon contents of piglets in the SB, MCFA, and MCFA groups increased (P < 0.05), while the relative abundance of Firmicutes, Actinobacteria, and Synergistetes decreased at the phylum level (P < 0.05). In conclusion, during late pregnancy and lactation, dietary SB supplementation had a greater effect on intestinal health and caused a greater decrease in preweaning mortality of suckling piglets than did dietary MCFA or n-3 PUFA supplementation; dietary MCFA supplementation shortened the weaning-to-estrus interval of sows to a greater extent than did dietary SB or n-3 PUFA supplementation; and dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation increased the fat and protein content in the colostrum to the greatest extent.
N-3 fatty acids for the prevention of atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass surgery -: A randomized, controlled trial; OBJECTIVES The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of preoperative and postoperative treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in preventing the occurrence of atrial fibrillation (AF) after coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG).
Polyunsaturated fatty acid analogs act antiarrhythmically on the cardiac I<sub>Ks</sub> channel; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) affect cardiac excitability. Kv7.1 and the beta-subunit KCNE1 form the cardiac I-Ks channel that is central for cardiac repolarization. In this study, we explore the prospects of PUFAs as I-Ks channel modulators. We report that PUFAs open Kv7.1 via an electrostatic mechanism. Both the polyunsaturated acyl tail and the negatively charged carboxyl head group are required for PUFAs to open Kv7.1. We further show that KCNE1 coexpression abolishes the PUFA effect on Kv7.1 by promoting PUFA protonation. PUFA analogs with a decreased pK(a) value, to preserve their negative charge at neutral pH, restore the sensitivity to open I-Ks channels. PUFA analogs with a positively charged head group inhibit I-Ks channels. These different PUFA analogs could be developed into drugs to treat cardiac arrhythmias. In support of this possibility, we show that PUFA analogs act antiarrhythmically in embryonic rat cardiomyocytes and in isolated perfused hearts from guinea pig.
Lethal and Sub-lethal Implications of Sodium Chloride Exposure for Adult Unionid Mussel Species: <i>Eurynia dilatata</i> and <i>Lasmigona costata</i>; The elevated use of salt as a de-icing agent on roads in Canada is causing an increase in the chloride concentration of freshwater ecosystems. Freshwater Unionid mussels are a group of organisms that are sensitive to increases in chloride levels. Unionids have greater diversity in North America than anywhere else on Earth, but they are also one of the most imperiled groups of organisms. This underscores the importance of understanding the effect that increasing salt exposure has on these threatened species. There are more data on the acute toxicity of chloride to Unionids than on chronic toxicity. This study investigated the effect of chronic sodium chloride exposure on the survival and filtering activity of two Unionid species (Eurynia dilatata, and Lasmigona costata) and assessed the effect on the metabolome in L. costata hemolymph. The concentration causing mortality after 28 days of exposure was similar for E. dilatata (1893 mg Cl-/L) and L. costata (1903 mg Cl-/L). Significant changes in the metabolome of the L. costata hemolymph were observed for mussels exposed to non-lethal concentrations. For example, several phosphatidylethanolamines, several hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids, pyropheophorbide-a, and alpha-linolenic acid were significantly upregulated in the hemolymph of mussels exposed to 1000 mg Cl-/L for 28 days. While no mortality occurred in the treatment, elevated metabolites in the hemolymph are an indicator of stress.
The differential expression of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid metabolising enzymes in colorectal cancer and its prognostic significance; Background: Colorectal cancer is a common malignancy and one of the leading causes of cancer-related deaths. The metabolism of omega fatty acids has been implicated in tumour growth and metastasis.
Endogenous n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Delay Progression of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma in Fat-1-p48<SUP>Cre/+</SUP>-LSL-Kras<SUP>G12D/+</SUP> Mice; Preclinical studies suggest that diets rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may be beneficial for prevention of pancreatic cancer. Nutritional intervention studies are often complex, and there is no clear evidence, without potential confounding factors, on whether conversion of n-6 PUFAs to n-3 PUFAs in pancreatic tissues would provide protection. Experiments were designed using n-3 fatty acid desaturase (Fat-1) transgenic mice, which can convert n-6 PUFA to n-3 FAs endogenously, to determine the impact of n-3 PUFAs on pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasms (PanINs) and their progression to pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Six-week-old female p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) and compound Fat-1-p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice were fed (AIN-76A) diets containing 10% safflower oil for 35 weeks. Pancreata were evaluated histopathologically for PanINs and PDAC. Results showed a dramatic reduction in incidence of PDAC (84%; P < .02) in Fat-1-p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice compared to p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice. Importantly, significant reductions of pancreatic ducts with carcinoma (90%; P < .0001) and PanIN 3 (similar to 50%; P < .001) lesions were observed in the compound transgenic mice. The levels of n-3 PUFA were much higher (>85%; P < .05-0.01) in pancreas of compound transgenic mice than in those of p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice. Molecular analysis of the pancreas showed a significant down-regulation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen, cyclooxygenase-2, 5-lipoxygenase (5-LOX), 5-LOX-activating protein, Bcl-2, and cyclin D1 expression levels in Fat-1-p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice compared to p48(Cre/+)-LSL-Kras(G12D/+) mice. These data highlight the promise of dietary n-3 FAs for chemoprevention of pancreatic cancer in high-risk individuals. Neoplasia (2012) 14, 1249-1259
What is new in lipid-lowering therapies in diabetes?; Diabetes can lead to a myriad of microvascular and macrovascular complications - with the leading cause of mortality in diabetes being cardiovascular disease. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, along with non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides are proven, modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This article will focus on lipid-lowering agents in individuals with diabetes. It will summarise relevant changes in the latest guidelines for dyslipidaemia and will also review the mechanisms of action of lipid-lowering agents along with the latest cardiovascular outcomes data specific to individuals with diabetes. Older agents such as statins, ezetimibe, fibrates and nicotinic acid will be reviewed with a focus on new diabetes-specific evidence. Similarly, a relatively novel agent proprotein-convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 will be reviewed and details around the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme criteria governing its usage in Australia will be reported. Finally, this review will touch on agents still on the horizon such as icosapent ethyl, high-density lipoprotein mimetics, bempedoic acid, omega-3 free fatty acids, bromodomain and extra-terminal protein inhibitors and inclisiran - a long-acting ribonucleic acid interference agent. In the appropriately selected population of individuals with diabetes, these agents can assist to improve further lipid profile and reduce cardiovascular events.
Effects of fish oil supplementation on glucose control and lipid levels among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background Previous studies have yielded inconsistent findings on the role of fish oil in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We systematically summarized the available evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCT) and aimed to investigate the effects of fish oil supplementation on glucose control and lipid levels among patients with T2DM. Methods A comprehensive literature search was performed in electronic databases (PubMed, ProQuest, Cochrane Library, CNKI, VIP, and Wanfang) to identify all relevant RCTs which were published up to May 31st, 2019. We used Modified Jadad Score system to evaluate the quality of each included RCT. The pooled effects were estimated using random-effects model and presented as standardized mean differences with 95% confidence intervals. Results A total of 12 RCTs were included in this meta-analysis. There was no significant difference in glucose control outcomes comparing fish oil supplementation to placebo. The effect size of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) was 0.13 (95% CI: - 0.03 to 0.28, p > 0.05). No marked change was observed in fasting insulin (FINS), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and HOMA of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels. Fish oil supplementation was associated with a decrease of triglyceride (TG) level by - 0.40 (95%CI: - 0.53 to - 0.28, p < 0.05), and an increase of high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level by 0.21 (95%CI: 0.05 to 0.37, p < 0.05). In subgroup analysis, HDL cholesterol level was higher among Asian and low-dose(< 2 g/d n-3 PUFA) subgroups compared to their counterparts (p < 0.05). TG level was lower in mid and long duration groups, along with an inconspicuous difference in short duration group. Conclusions This meta-analysis shows that among patients with T2DM, fish oil supplementation leads to a favorable blood lipids profile but does not improve glucose control.
Metabolomic Profile of <i>Arthrospira platensis</i> from a Bulgarian Bioreactor-A Potential Opportunity for Inclusion in Dietary Supplements; The present study aims to elucidate the metabolomic profile of Arthrospira platensis grown in a bioreactor in Bulgaria. The results show that Arthrospira platensis has a high content of mannose, 137.02 mg g-1, and vitamin A (retinol)-10.3 mu g/100 g. High concentrations of calcium, sulfur, and zinc distinguish its elemental composition. The freeze-dried powder contained 15.81 +/- 0.45% dietary fiber, 50.16 +/- 0.25% total protein content, and 1.22 +/- 0.11% total fat content. Among the unsaturated fatty acids with the highest content is alpha-linolenic acid (25.28%), while among the saturated fatty acids, palmitic acid prevails (22.55%). Of the sterols in the sample, beta-sitosterol predominated. There is no presence of microcystins LR, RR, YR, and nodularin. Therefore, Arthrospira platensis grown in a Bulgarian bioreactor is safe for use in the pharmaceutical and food industries. Many of the organic compounds found have applications in medicine and pharmacology and play an important role in biochemical processes in the body. Therefore, Arthrospira platensis grown in Bulgaria has a high potential for use as an independent food supplement or in combination with other natural products.
Effects of fish oil-containing nutrition supplementation in adult sepsis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Sepsis is life-threatening organ dysfunction caused by a dysregulated host response to infection. Although fish oil has been used as an immunonutritional preparations for the treatment of sepsis patients, there is still controversy as to whether it is beneficial to them. We systematically reviewed published clinical trial data to evaluate the effectiveness of fish oil-containing nutrition supplementation in sepsis patients. Methods A systematic search was undertaken in PubMed, Embase, Chinese Biomedicine Database, the Cochrane Library and the China Knowledge Resource Integrated Database to obtain clinical controlled trails. RCTs on nutrition therapy containing fish oil among adult sepsis patients were selected for analysis in comparison with routine therapy. Results Twenty-five published trials were included in the meta-analysis. Fish oil-containing nutrition supplementation reduced the mortality compared with the control group (relative risk (RR) 0.74, I-2 = 0%). Fish oil also shortened the ICU stay (MD -3.57 days; 95% CI -4.54, -2.59; p<0.00001; I-2 = 76%), hospital stay (MD -9.92 days; 95% CI -15.37, -4.46; p = 0.0004; I-2 = 91%) and the duration of mechanical ventilation support (MD -2.26; 95% CI -4.27, -0.26; p = 0.03; I-2 = 83%). A subgroup analysis based on the route of administration revealed that parenteral administration of fish oil could reduce mortality in septic patients (RR =0.68, I-2 = 0%), but no significant difference in mortality was observed in the fish oil group administered by enteral route (RR = 0.80, I-2 = 0%). No statistically significant publication biases were detected for the above clinical endpoints (p>0.05). Conclusions Parenteral nutrition containing fish oil could significantly decrease mortality in sepsis patients while enteral administration could not. Fish oil-containing nutrition supplementation.
Effect of dietary lipids on circulating adiponectin: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Different dietary interventions have been identified as potential modifiers of adiponectin concentrations, and they may be influenced by lipid intake. We identified studies investigating the effect of dietary lipids (type/amount) on adiponectin concentrations in a systematic review with meta-analysis. A literature search was conducted until July 2013 using databases such as Medline, Embase and Scopus (MeSH terms: adiponectin', dietary lipid', randomized controlled trials (RCT)'). Inclusion criteria were RCT in adults analysing adiponectin concentrations with modification of dietary lipids. Among the 4930 studies retrieved, fifty-three fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were grouped as follows: (1) total dietary lipid intake; (2) dietary/supplementary n-3 PUFA; (3) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supplementation; (4) other dietary lipid interventions. Diets with a low fat content in comparison to diets with a high-fat content were not associated with positive changes in adiponectin concentrations (twelve studies; pooled estimate of the difference in means: -004 (95% CI -082, 074)g/ml). A modest increase in adiponectin concentrations with n-3 PUFA supplementation was observed (thirteen studies; 027 (95% CI 007, 047)g/ml). Publication bias was found by using Egger's test (P=001) and funnel plot asymmetry. In contrast, CLA supplementation reduced the circulating concentrations of adiponectin compared with unsaturated fat supplementation (seven studies; -074 (95% CI -138, -010)g/ml). However, important sources of heterogeneity were found as revealed by the meta-regression analyses of both n-3 PUFA and CLA supplementation. Results of new RCT would be necessary to confirm these findings.
Protective effect of oil extracted from Neophocaena asiaeorientalis against hydgrogen peroxide-induced oxidative stress in HepG2 cells; Although animal fat has been reported to be an effective preventative agent for cardiovascular disease, pancreatitis and diabetes, its protective effects against hepatotoxicity have not been thoroughly investigated. Therefore, in this study, the anti-hepatotoxic activity of oil extracted from the forehead of Neophocaena asiaeorientalis (OFNA) was investigated. Changes in cell viability, cell morphology, cell cycle, and apoptotic protein expression were measured in HepG2 cells co-treated with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) and OFNA. OFNA contained 19.3 g/100 g docosahexaenoic acid, 8.2 g/100 g eicosapentaenoic acid, and 19.6 g/100 g palmitoleic acid. Cell viability did not differ significantly between vehicle-treated and 0.1-1% OFNA-treated cells. The minimum concentration of H2O2 required to cause the death of HepG2 cells was 1 mM. Cell viability was higher in the group treated with H2O2 plus OFNA (0.1, 0.5, 0.7 and 1%) than in the group treated with H2O2 alone, and OFNA protected against H2O2-induced apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. The ratio of Bax/Bcl-2 was reduced in response to treatment with the OFNA combination compared to H2O2 alone. Interestingly, 2 ',7 '-dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate staining showed a reduction of oxidative stress induced by H2O2 after pre-treatment with OFNA. Taken together, these results suggest that OFNA protects cells against H2O2-induced death, and suggest that it has potential for use as a preventive agent for various types of hepatic injury caused by chemical substances.
Dietary fish oil confers direct antiarrhythmic properties the myocardium of rats; This study tested the hypothesis that in vivo antiarrhythmic effects of dietary fish oil can be attributed directly to changes in myocardial properties. Sixty adult male Fats were fed a fish oil diet (FO), an isoenergetic saturated fat diet (SAT) or a low fat reference diet (REF) for 16 wk. hearts isolated from these rats were perfused with washed porcine erythrocytes (0.4 hematocrit) in working heart mode. Dietary fish oil prevented reperfusion-induced ventricular fibrillation (VF) (% of rats with VF: REF 50%, SAT 80% P = 0.35, FO 0% P < 0.05 n = 10) and reduced arrhythmias in ischemia. In a separate set of hearts from rats fed the three diets, FO increased while SAT reduced the stimulation threshold for programmed electrical induction of VF during control perfusion compared with REF (mean +/- so: REF 7.1 +/- 0.2 mA; SAT 5.8 +/- 0.2 mA, P < 0.001; FO 15.1 +/- 1.0 mA, P < 0.001, n = 10) and during subsequent ischemia (REF 5.9 +/- 0.2 mA; SAT 3.8 +/- 0.3 mA, P < 0.001; FO 8.9 +/- 0.2 mA, P < 0.001, n = 10). The isolated working heart model used physiological workload and oxygenation but excluded extracardiac influences. Dietary fish oil prevented the initiation and reduced the severity of arrhythmias in the isolated hearts in response to a variety of stimuli. These results establish that irrespective of any effects on blood pressure or platelet function in vivo, dietary fish oil directly affects myocardial properties which may contribute to observed clinical reductions in cardiac mortality associated with fish consumption.
Triglyceride to HDL-cholesterol ratio as an independent risk factor for the poor development of coronary collateral circulation in elderly patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and acute total occlusion; To determine the prognostic role of triglyceride (TG) to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) ratio for poorly developed coronary collateral circulation (CCC) in elderly patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and acute total occlusion (ATO).
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid supplementation inhibits acute pulmonary transcriptional and autoantibody responses to a single crystalline silica exposure in lupus-prone mice; Introduction Workplace exposure to respirable crystalline silica (cSiO2) has been epidemiologically linked to lupus. Consistent with this, repeated subchronic intranasal cSiO2 instillation in lupus-prone NZBWF1 mice induces inflammation-/autoimmune-related gene expression, ectopic lymphoid tissue (ELT), autoantibody (AAb) production in the lung within 5 to 13 wk followed systemic AAb increases and accelerated onset and progression of glomerulonephritis within 13 to 17 wk. Interestingly, dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation suppresses these pathologic effects, but the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unclear.Methods This study aimed to test the hypothesis that dietary DHA supplementation impacts acute transcriptional and autoantibody responses in the lungs of female NZBWF1 mice 1 and 4 wk after a single high-dose cSiO2 challenge. Groups of mice were initially fed a control (Con) diet or a DHA-containing diet (10 g/kg). Cohorts of Con- and DHA-fed were subjected to a single intranasal instillation of 2.5 mg cSiO2 in a saline vehicle (Veh), while a Con-fed cohort was instilled with Veh only. At 1 and 4 wk post-instillation (PI), we compared cSiO2's effects on innate-/autoimmune-related gene expression and autoantibody (AAb) in lavage fluid/lungs of Con- and DHA-fed mice and related these findings to inflammatory cell profiles, histopathology, cell death, and cytokine/chemokine production.Results DHA partially alleviated cSiO2-induced alterations in total immune cell and lymphocyte counts in lung lavage fluid. cSiO2-triggered dead cell accumulation and levels of inflammation-associated cytokines and IFN-stimulated chemokines were more pronounced in Con-fed mice than DHA-fed mice. Targeted multiplex transcriptome analysis revealed substantial upregulation of genes associated with autoimmune pathways in Con-fed mice in response to cSiO2 that were suppressed in DHA-fed mice. Pathway analysis indicated that DHA inhibited cSiO2 induction of proinflammatory and IFN-regulated gene networks, affecting key upstream regulators (e.g., TNF alpha, IL-1 beta, IFNAR, and IFN gamma). Finally, cSiO2-triggered AAb responses were suppressed in DHA-fed mice.Discussion Taken together, DHA mitigated cSiO2-induced upregulation of pathways associated with proinflammatory and IFN-regulated gene responses within 1 wk and reduced AAb responses by 4 wk. These findings suggest that the acute short-term model employed here holds substantial promise for efficient elucidation of the molecular mechanisms through which omega-3 PUFAs exert protective effects against cSiO2-induced autoimmunity.
Could a high-fat diet rich in unsaturated fatty acids impair the cardiovascular system?; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia results from consumption of a diet rich in saturated fatty acids and is usually associated with cardiovascular disease. A diet rich in unsaturated fatty acids is usually associated with improved cardiovascular condition.
Triglycerides and atherogenic dyslipidaemia: extending treatment beyond statins in the high-risk cardiovascular patient; Although statins significantly decrease the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), residual CVD risk remains high. This may partly be due to uncorrected atherogenic dyslipidaemia. The driving force behind atherogenic dyslipidaemia is hypertriglyceridaemia, which results from hepatic oversecretion and/or hypocatabolism of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, and is typical of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Persistent atherogenic dyslipidaemia in patients treated with a statin according to low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol goals may be corrected with niacin, fibrates or n-3 fatty acids. Clinical trial evidence to inform best practice is limited, but new data support adding fenofibrate to a statin. A consistent feature of fibrate clinical trials is the specific benefit of these agents in dyslipidaemic patients and the improvement in diabetic retinopathy with fenofibrate. Ongoing clinical trials may provide good evidence for adding niacin to a statin. Low-dose n-3 fatty acids could be used routinely after a myocardial infarction, but the value of higher doses of n-3 fatty acids in reducing CVD risk remains to be demonstrated.
Differential Effect of Dietary Supplementation with a Soybean Oil Enriched in Oleic Acid versus Linoleic Acid on Plasma Lipids and Atherosclerosis in LDLR-Deficient Mice; Both monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play important roles in lipid metabolism, and diets enriched with either of these two fatty acids are associated with decreased cardiovascular risk. Conventional soybean oil (CSO), a common food ingredient, predominantly contains linoleic acid (LA; C18:2), a n-6 PUFA. Recently, a modified soybean oil (MSO) enriched in oleic acid (C18:1), a n-9 MUFA, has been developed, because of its improved chemical stability to oxidation. However, the effect of the different dietary soybean oils on cardiovascular disease remains unknown. To test whether diets rich in CSO versus MSO would attenuate atherosclerosis development, LDL receptor knock-out (LDLR-KO) mice were fed a Western diet enriched in saturated fatty acids (control), or a Western diet supplemented with 5% (w/w) LA-rich CSO or high-oleic MSO for 12 weeks. Both soybean oils contained a similar amount of linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3). The CSO diet decreased plasma lipid levels and the cholesterol content of VLDL and LDL by approximately 18% (p < 0.05), likely from increased hepatic levels of PUFA, which favorably regulated genes involved in cholesterol metabolism. The MSO diet, but not the CSO diet, suppressed atherosclerotic plaque size compared to the Western control diet (Control Western diet: 6.5 +/- 0.9%; CSO diet: 6.4 +/- 0.7%; MSO diet: 4.0 +/- 0.5%) (p < 0.05), independent of plasma lipid level changes. The MSO diet also decreased the ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFA in the liver (Control Western diet: 4.5 +/- 0.2; CSO diet: 6.1 +/- 0.2; MSO diet: 2.9 +/- 0.2) (p < 0.05), which correlated with favorable hepatic gene expression changes in lipid metabolism and markers of systemic inflammation. In conclusion, supplementation of the Western diet with MSO, but not CSO, reduced atherosclerosis development in LDLR-KO mice independent of changes in plasma lipids.
DHA-enriched high-oleic acid canola oil improves lipid profile and lowers predicted cardiovascular disease risk in the canola oil multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: It is well recognized that amounts of trans and saturated fats should be minimized in Western diets; however, considerable debate remains regarding optimal amounts of dietary n-9, n-6, and n-3 fatty acids.
13-Series resolvins mediate the leukocyte-platelet actions of atorvastatin and pravastatin in inflammatory arthritis; Rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory condition characterized by overzealous inflammation that leads to joint damage and is associated with an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. Statins are frontline therapeutics for patients with cardiovascular disease and exert beneficial actions in rheumatoid arthritis. The mechanism that mediates the beneficial actions of statins in rheumatoid arthritis remains of interest. In the present study, we found that the administration of 2 clinically relevant statins-atorvastatin (0.2 mg/kg) or pravastatin (0.2 mg/kg)-to mice during inflammatory arthritis up-regulated systemic and tissue amounts of a novel family of proresolving mediators, termed 13-series resolvins (RvTs), and significantly reduced joint disease. Of note, administration of simvastatin (0.2 mg/kg) did not significantly up-regulate RvTs or reduce joint inflammation. We also found that atorvastatin and pravastatin each reduced systemic leukocyte activation, including platelet-monocyte aggregates (similar to 25-60%). These statins decreased neutrophil trafficking to the joint as well as joint monocyte and macrophage numbers. Atorvastatin and pravastatin produced significant reductions (similar to 30-50%) in expression of CD11b and major histocompatibility complex class II on both monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages in joints. Administration of an inhibitor to cyclooxygenase-2, the initiating enzyme in the RvT pathway, reversed the protective actions of these statins on both joint and systemic inflammation. Together, these findings provide evidence for the role of RvTs in mediating the protective actions of atorvastatin and pravastatin in reducing local and vascular inflammation, and suggest that RvTs may be useful in measuring the anti-inflammatory actions of statins.
Republished review: Triglycerides and atherogenic dyslipidaemia: extending treatment beyond statins in the high-risk cardiovascular patient; Although statins significantly decrease the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), residual CVD risk remains high. This may partly be due to uncorrected atherogenic dyslipidaemia. The driving force behind atherogenic dyslipidaemia is hypertriglyceridaemia, which results from hepatic oversecretion and/or hypocatabolism of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, and is typical of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Persistent atherogenic dyslipidaemia in patients treated with a statin according to low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol goals may be corrected with niacin, fibrates or n-3 fatty acids. Clinical trial evidence to inform best practice is limited, but new data support adding fenofibrate to a statin. A consistent feature of fibrate clinical trials is the specific benefit of these agents in dyslipidaemic patients and the improvement in diabetic retinopathy with fenofibrate. Ongoing clinical trials may provide good evidence for adding niacin to a statin. Low-dose n-3 fatty acids could be used routinely after a myocardial infarction, but the value of higher doses of n-3 fatty acids in reducing CVD risk remains to be demonstrated.
Treatment options for the management of hypertriglyceridemia: Strategies based on the best-available evidence; A severe elevation in triglycerides (TG; >= 500 mg/dL) increases the risk for pancreatitis. TG levels >= 200 mg/dL are associated with a greater risk of atherosclerotic coronary heart disease (CHD). However, no outcomes trials exist to assess the efficacy of TG lowering for preventing pancreatitis in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Similarly, no completed prospective outcomes trial exists to support or refute a reduction in CHD risk resulting from lipid-altering therapy in patients specifically selected for the presence of hypertriglyceridemia. This review examines the available evidence for the use of statins, omega-3 fatty acids, fibrates, and niacin in the management of hypertriglyceridemic patients. Results from CHD outcomes trials support statins as the first-line lipid-altering drug therapy to reduce CHD in hypercholesterolemic patients, and subgroup analyses suggest statins are efficacious in hypertriglyceridemic patients with fasting TG levels <500 mg/dL. Omega-3 fatty acids and fibrates are reasonable first drug options for patients with TG >= 500 mg/dL and often are used to lower TG levels with the objective of reducing pancreatitis risk, although a statin or niacin may also be reasonable options. Combination lipid drug therapy may be needed to achieve both low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol treatment goals for CHD prevention in patients with elevated TG levels, particularly those with TG >= 500 mg/dL. Additional clinical outcomes data are needed to provide a more evidence-based rationale for clinical lipid management of hypertriglyceridemic patients. (C) 2012 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Fish consumption is inversely associated with type 2 diabetes in Manitoba First Nations communities; Consumption of fish and n-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) has been postulated to prevent type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Linolenic acid-metronidazole inhibits the growth of Helicobacter pylori through oxidation; BACKGROUNDResistance to antibiotics is one the main factors constraining the treatment and control of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infections. Therefore, there is an urgent need to develop new antimicrobial agents to replace antibiotics. Our previous study found that linolenic acid-metronidazole (Lla-Met) has a good antibacterial effect against H. pylori, both antibiotic-resistant and sensitive H. pylori. Also, H. pylori does not develop resistance to Lla-Met. Therefore, it could be used for preparing broad-spectrum antibacterial agents. However, since the antibacterial mechanism of Lla-Met is not well understood, we explored this phenomenon in the present study.AIMTo understand the antimicrobial effect of Lla-Met and how this could be applied in treating corresponding infections.METHODSH. pylori cells were treated with the Lla-Met compound, and the effect of the compound on the cell morphology, cell membrane permeability, and oxidation of the bacteria cell was assessed. Meanwhile, the differently expressed genes in H. pylori in response to Lla-Met treatment were identified.RESULTSLla-Met treatment induced several changes in H. pylori cells, including roughening and swelling. In vivo experiments revealed that Lla-Met induced oxidation, DNA fragmentation, and phosphatidylserine ectropionation in H. pylori cells. Inhibiting Lla-Met with L-cysteine abrogated the above phenomena. Transcriptome analysis revealed that Lla-Met treatment up-regulated the expression of superoxide dismutase SodB and MdaB genes, both anti-oxidation-related genes.CONCLUSIONLla-Met kills H. pylori mainly by inducing oxidative stress, DNA damage, phosphatidylserine ectropionation, and changes on cell morphology.
The use of linseed meal as a protein and energy sources in broiler diets; The nutrient composition of linseed meal used in this experiment contained 93.1 % dry matter (DM) while crude protein, ether extract, crude fiber, ash and nitrogen free extract content were 26.3, 26.7, 10.6, 5.5 and 31.8% of DM respectively. Apparent ME (AME) content was 4.17 kcal/g DM while true ME (TME) content was 4.61 kcal/g DM. A total of 800 heads of 7 days old mixed sex Arbor Acre broilers were allotted into 4 dietary groups. Linseed meal was supplemented to the rations at 0, 10, 15 and 20%. It was found that weight gain and feed conversion ratio decreased significantly with the increasing level of linseed meal in the diets. Feed consumption and mortality rate of all groups expressed no significant difference. Carcass percentage, weight of visceral organs, liver, heart, gizzard, drumstrick and breast meat of all groups had no significant difference except gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) found larger when supplemented with linseed meal. Male broilers had less abdominal plus visceral fat and smaller breast meat but larger drumstick meat than the female. In addition the group fed linseed meal had significantly higher omega - 3 fatty acids in breast and drumstick meat as compared to the control (3.84-8.25 vs. 2.18% and 6.0-9.6 vs. 0.9%, respectively).
The dietary transition and its association with cardiometabolic mortality among Chinese adults, 1982-2012: a cross-sectional population-based study; Background Few studies have used nationally representative data to describe dietary trends and the related cardiometabolic mortality burden in China. Thus, we aimed to characterise the trends in disease-related dietary factors as well as their associated disease burden among Chinese adults from 1982 to 2012.
Associations of Arachidonic Acid Synthesis with Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Relation to Ischemic Heart Disease and Stroke: A Univariable and Multivariable Mendelian Randomization Study; Arachidonic acid (AA), a major long-chain omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, is associated with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke. We assessed bi-directional associations of AA synthesis reflected by plasma phospholipid AA with CVD risk factors, and identified mediators of associations of AA with IHD and stroke using Mendelian randomization (MR). We used two-sample MR to assess bi-directional associations of AA synthesis with lipids, blood pressure, adiposity, and markers of inflammation and coagulation. We used multivariable MR to assess mediators of associations of AA with IHD and stroke. Genetically predicted AA (% of total fatty acids increase) was positively associated with apolipoprotein B (ApoB, 0.022 standard deviations (SD), 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.010, 0.034), high-density (0.030 SD, 95% CI 0.012, 0.049) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C, 0.016 SD, 95% CI 0.004, 0.027) and lower triglycerides (-0.031 SD, 95% CI -0.049, -0.012) but not with other traits. Genetically predicted these traits gave no association with AA. The association of AA with IHD was attenuated adjusting for ApoB or LDL-C. Genetically predicted AA was associated with lipids but not other traits. Given ApoB is thought to be the key lipid in IHD, the association of AA with IHD is likely mediated by ApoB.
Dietary supplementation with fish oil alters the expression levels of proteins governing mitochondrial dynamics and prevents high-fat diet-induced endothelial dysfunction; Diets supplemented with fish oil (FO), which is rich in n-3 PUFA, have been shown to modify several key risk factors for CVD. The purpose of the present study was to determine the effect of FO supplementation on mitochondrial dynamic protein expression in the endothelium and on endothelial cell function. Male apoE-deficient (apoE(-/-)) mice (8 weeks old, n 12 per group) were fed a high-fat diet containing 45% fat (HFD group) or a HFD with partial replacement of lard with 10% (w/w) FO (FO group) (total EPA and DHA content 64.1 g/kg) for 8 weeks. ApoE(-/-) mice in the FO group had a greater endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation response to acetylcholine (Ach) than those in the HFD group. The atherosclerotic lesion volume in the aortic sinus of mice in the FO group was 54% lower than that in the HFD group (P<0.01). In addition, the aortas isolated from mice in the FO group had higher expression levels of Mfn2 and Opa1 but lower expression levels of Fis1 than those from the HFD group. Compared with mice fed the HFD, those fed the FO diet showed significantly lower levels of mitochondrial oxidative stress, cytochrome c release and caspase-3 activity (each P<0.05). Furthermore, FO-fed mice displayed increased NO release and availability and enhanced endothelial NO synthase activity compared with HFD-fed mice. Taken together, these results reveal a novel mechanism by which FO protects against endothelial cell dysfunction, which may result in improved mitochondrial dynamics.
RETRACTED: Functional behavior of DHA and EPA in the formation of babies brain at different stages of age, and protect from different brain-related diseases (Retracted article. See vol. 27, pg. 752, 2024); Omega-3 fatty acids are rich in marine animals and plant-based foods like grains and seeds. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are directly present in different fish types, whereas they are indirectly available in various seeds and grains. Plants seeds and grains contain omega 3-fatty acids in the form of ALA that is converted into EPA and DHA with the help of specific enzymes. DHA and EPA play an important role in developing brain and nerve cells. Several studies confirmed that children need these fatty acids at all stages, including pre-birth and after-birth. During pregnancy and lactation, the fetus fulfills its requirements by the mother's diet. During childhood, DHA and EPA demands are fulfilled from different food sources. Different Clinical studies suggested that n-3 fatty acids supplementation during pregnancy, lactation and infants may play an important role in brain development, including neurodevelopment, nervous tissue, optimal visual and neuronal signaling. Animal and cell studies showed that DHA is a vital fatty acid with brain function for neuronal cell growth. Pharmacologically, these omega 3 fatty acids improve mental health and reduce the risk of brain-related diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, depressive symptoms, epilepsy, schizophrenia, stroke, Parkinson's disease and autism spectrum disorders. This review described the importance of fatty acids including EPA and DHA in supporting the optimum growth and development of brain. The conclusive statement, DHA and EPA are vital functional materials for forming babies' brain at different age periods.
Lipidomic insights into the immune response and pearl formation in transplanted pearl oyster <i>Pinctada fucata martensii</i>; During pearl culture, the excess immune responses may induce nucleus rejection and death of pearl oysters after transplantation. To better understand the immune response and pearl formation, lipidomic analysis was applied to investigate changes in the serum lipid profile of pearl oyster Pinctada fucata martensii following transplantation. In total, 296 lipid species were identified by absolute quantitation. During wound healing, the content of TG and DG initially increased and then decreased after 3 days of transplantation with no significant differences, while the level of C22:6 decreased significantly on days 1 and 3. In the early stages of transplantation, sphingosine was upregulated, whereas PC and PUFAs were downregulated in transplanted pearl oyster. PI was upregulated during pearl sac development stages. GP and LC-PUFA levels were upregulated during pearl formation stage. In order to identify enriched metabolic pathways, pathway enrichment analysis was conducted. Five metabolic pathways were found significantly enriched, namely glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchor biosynthesis, glycerophospholipid metabolism, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, linoleic acid metabolism and arachidonic acid metabolism. Herein, results suggested that the lipids involved in immune response, pearl sac maturation, and pearl formation in the host pearl oyster after transplantation, which might lead to an improvement in the survival rate and pearl quality of transplanted pearl oyster.
Generalizability of REDUCE-IT eligibility criteria in a large diabetes cardiovascular outcomes trial: A post hoc subgroup analysis of EMPA-REG outcome Analysis of EMPA-REG OUTCOME using REDUCE-IT criteria; Objectives: REDUCE-IT showed that icosapent ethyl (IPE) improved cardiovascular (CV) outcomes in participants with established CV disease (CVD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) and at least one additional risk factor plus mildmoderate hypertriglyceridemia and reasonably controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). As the generalizability of REDUCE-IT has not been investigated in a T2D population with established CVD, this post hoc analysis investigated how many participants from EMPA-REG OUTCOME, which tested the effects of empagliflozin versus placebo on CV outcomes in participants with T2D and CVD, would have been eligible for IPE treatment, and whether CV outcomes differed based on eligibility for IPE treatment. Methods: Participants from EMPA-REG OUTCOME were screened for inclusion using both REDUCE-IT-like criteria (baseline statin therapy, triglycerides 135-499 mg/dL and LDL-C 41-100 mg/dL) and slightly amended FDA indication criteria (triglycerides & GE;150 mg/dL). Analyses were conducted to characterize the study population and CV outcomes in participants eligible for IPE versus those not eligible for IPE. Results: Of the 7020 participants from EMPA-REG OUTCOME, 1810 (25.8%) fulfilled REDUCE-IT criteria and 3182 (45.3%) fulfilled FDA criteria for IPE treatment. Treatment effects of empagliflozin versus placebo on CV and kidney outcomes and mortality were consistent in participants meeting REDUCE-IT and FDA criteria and those who did not.
Flax seed oil reduced tumor growth, modulated immune responses and decreased HPV E6 and E7 oncoprotein expression in a murine model of ectopic cervical cancer; Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women in India. Previously, we have reported that alpha linolenic acid (ALA), induced apoptosis in cervical cancer cell lines and reduced expression of E6 and E7 oncoproteins with simultaneous decrease in Cox2/VEGF/MAP kinase proteins. Here, we investigated the tumor retardation potential of flax oil (FO), rich in ALA, in mouse papilloma model. Flax oil significantly reduced tumor volume and weight in mice compared to the Tumor control (TC) group. Interestingly, compared to cisplatin (Cis) alone, there was slightly enhanced decrease in tumor weight when FO was given together with Cis (Cis + FO). A marked increase in plasma antioxidant levels in mice, and increase in lipid peroxidation in tumors with simultaneous decrease in liver tissues was observed in Cis + FO group compared to either TC or Cis groups. FO and Cis + FO significantly modulated immune response in mice by increasing CD8 alpha and IFN gamma and decreasing IL-4 expression. Interestingly, when given together with cisplatin, flax oil reduced HPV E6 and E7 oncoprotein expression with concomitant increase in the relative mRNA expression of tumor suppressor genes p53 and Rb. Thus, flax oil could be explored for its therapeutic potential in cervical cancer.
Understanding butachlor toxicity in <i>Aulosira fertilissima</i> using physiological, biochemical and proteomic approaches; The present study examines butachlor-induced inhibition of growth, photosynthetic pigments such as chlorophyll a, phycocyanin, allophycocyanin, phycoerythrin, photosystems I and II whole chain electron, transport. oxygen evolution, carbon fixation, ATP content. total thiol and glutathione contents of Aulosira fertilissima. For ascertaining if above mentioned changes are due to disturbance in plasma membrane integrity or proteins, fatty acid profiling and proteomics were done. Gas chromatographic (GC) analysis of fatty acid methyl esters (FAME) depicted a decrease in alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3) which appears responsible for plasma membrane instability. Enhanced lipid peroxidation and electrolyte leakage further attested the butachlor-induced cell damage. Butachlor-treated Aulosira exhibited significant and reproducible alternations in eight proteins as assessed by 2DE and LC-MS analysis of which phycocyanin alpha-chain, allophycocyanin beta-chain, C-phycocyanin alpha-subunit, ATP synthase beta-chain and FBP aldolase were associated with photosynthesis and respiration, peroxiredoxin with antioxidative defense system and GroES and NusB with protein folding and transcription termination respectively. However, a prolonged (15 d) butachlor treatment of Aulosira downregulated all the proteins except NusB. Reverse transcription PCR of the protein genes affirmed that aforesaid proteins were the gene products not artifacts. Downregulated GroES and over expressed NusB are critical proteins for cell death. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circulating fatty acids and prostate cancer risk in a nested case-control study: the Multiethnic Cohort; Objective Dietary fat, including specific fatty acids, has been proposed to contribute to prostate cancer pathogenesis, but findings from the studies based on biomarkers have been conflicting.
Recent Advances on Nutrition in Treatment of Acute Pancreatitis; Acute pancreatitis (AP) is a common abdominal acute inflammatory disorder and the leading cause of hospital admission for gastrointestinal disorders in many countries. Clinical manifestations of AP vary from self-limiting local inflammation to devastating systemic pathological conditions causing significant morbidity and mortality. To date, despite extensive efforts in translating promising experimental therapeutic targets in clinical trials, disease-specific effective remedy remains obscure, and supportive care has still been the primary treatment for this disease. Emerging evidence, in light of the current state of pathophysiology of AP, has highlighted that strategic initiation of nutrition with appropriate nutrient supplementation are key to limit local inflammation and to prevent or manage AP-associated complications. The current review focuses on recent advances on nutritional interventions including enteral versus parenteral nutrition strategies, and nutritional supplements such as probiotics, glutamine, omega-3 fatty acids, and vitamins in clinical AP, hoping to advance current knowledge and practice related to nutrition and nutritional supplements in clinical management of AP.
Associations of n-3, n-6 Fatty Acids Intakes and n-6:n-3 Ratio with the Risk of Depressive Symptoms: NHANES 2009-2016; Many studies have explored the association between n-3 fatty acids and depression, but research on the associations of n-6 fatty acids and n-6:n-3 ratio with depression is more scarce, and the results are controversial. Therefore, we conducted this cross-sectional study to explore the associations of n-3 and n-6 fatty acid intakes and n-6:n-3 ratio with the risk of depressive symptoms using data from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2009-2016. Dietary data on n-3 and n-6 fatty acids were obtained through two 24-h dietary recall interviews, and were adjusted by energy. Depressive symptoms were measured by PHQ-9 (nine-item Patient Health Questionnaire). We applied logistic regression and restricted cubic spline models to assess the relationships of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids intake and n-6:n-3 ratio with the risk of depressive symptoms. A total of 17,431 individuals over 18 years old were enrolled in this study. In the multivariate-adjusted model 2, compared with the lowest category, the highest odd ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for n-3 fatty acid intake and n-6:n-3 ratio were 0.71 (0.55-0.92) and 1.66 (1.10-2.50), and middle OR (95% CI) for n-6 fatty acid intake was 0.72 (0.56-0.92), respectively. Our study suggests that n-3 and n-6 fatty acids intake were inversely associated with the risk of depressive symptoms, while the n-6:n-3 ratio was positively associated with the risk of depressive symptoms.
Placental delivery of arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids: implications for the lipid nutrition of preterm infants; Arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids are major components of cell membranes and are of special importance to the brain and blood vessels. In utero, the placenta selectively and substantially extracts AA and DHA from the mother and enriches the fetal circulation. Studies indicate that there is little placental conversion of the parent essential fatty acids to AA and DHA. Similarly, analyses of desaturation and reductase activity have shown the placenta to be less functional than the maternal or fetal livers. There appears to be a correlation with placental size and plasma AA and DHA proportions in cord blood; therefore, placental development may be an important variable in determining nutrient transfer to the fetus and, hence, fetal growth itself. In preterm infants, both parenteral and enteral feeding methods are modeled on term breast milk. Consequently, there is a rapid decline of the plasma proportions of AA and DHA to one quarter or one third of the intrauterine amounts that would have been delivered by the placenta. Simultaneously, the proportion of linoleic acid, the precursor for AA, rises in the plasma phosphoglycerides 3-fold. An inadequate supply of AA and DHA during the period of high demand from rapid vascular and brain growth could lead to fragility, leakage, and membrane breakdown. Such breakdown would predictably be followed by peroxidation of free AA, vasoconstriction, inflammation, and ischemia with its biological sequelae. In the brain, cell death would be an extreme consequence.
The role of micronutrients in healthy ageing; Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the potential role of micronutrients and omega-3 fatty acids in promoting healthier ageing.
Genomic Characterization of the Japanese Indigenous Wine Grape <i>Vitis</i> sp. cv. Koshu; Vitis sp. cv. Koshu is indigenous to Japan and used as a table and processing grape. It also constitutes an important grape cultivar in Japanese white wine making and is phylogenetically distinct from European grapes. To understand its genomic information, we compared its small and structural variations with those of the table grape cultivar "Thompson seedless" and European wine grape cultivar "Tannat" via a short-read-based resequencing approach. The Koshu genome exhibited high heterozygosity compared to these cultivars, with this characteristic being particularly prominent on chromosome 7. Furthermore, Koshu structural variation encompassed the most and largest extent of duplications and the fewest and smallest extent of deletions with regard to copy number variation and the fewest absence variations among the compared grape cultivars. Plant disease resistance related to cell death associated with hypersensitive response and environmental stress response, such as water deprivation, oxidative stress, and cell wall organization, was inferred through enrichment analysis of small and structural variations. Variant accumulation levels in Koshu indicated that phenylpropanoid, flavonoid, glutathione, and alpha-linolenic acid pathways were related to polyphenol and flavor components. Together, this Koshu genomic information provides a foundation for improving the quality of Koshu wine and may facilitate the use of Koshu as a genetic resource.
Gamma linolenic acid with tamoxifen as primary therapy tn breast cancer; Gamma linolenic acid (GLA) has been proposed as a valuable new cancer therapy having selective anti-tumour properties with negligible systemic toxicity, Proposed mechanisms of action include modulation of steroid hormone receptors. We have investigated the effects of GLA with primary hormone therapy in an endocrine-sensitive cancer. Thirty-eight breast cancer patients (20 elderly Stage I-II, 14 locally advanced, 4 metastatic) took 8 capsules of oral GLA/ day (total = 2.8 g) in addition to tamoxifen 20 mg od (T+GLA), Quality and duration of response were compared with matched controls receiving tamoxifen 20 mg od alone (n = 47), Serial tumour biopsies were taken to assess changes in oestrogen receptor (ER) and bcl-2 expression during treatment, GLA was well tolerated with no major side effects. T+GLA cases achieved a significantly faster clinical response (objective response vs. static disease) than tamoxifen controls, evident by 6 weeks on treatment (p = 0.010), There was significant: reduction in ER expression in both treatment arms with T+GLA objective responders sustaining greater ER fall than tamoxifen counterparts (6-week biopsy p = 0.026; 6-month biopsy p = 0.019). We propose GLA as a useful adjunct to primary tamoxifen in endocrine-sensitive breast cancer, The effects of GLA on ER function and the apparent enhancement of tamoxifen-induced ER down-regulation by GLA require further investigation. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Diabetic Dyslipidemia: Epidemiology and Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Implications of Newer Therapies; Purpose of Review Dyslipidemia in patients with T2DM confers significant additional risk of adverse outcomes to patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). These patients carry residual risk of adverse outcomes despite optimal management with conventional therapy such as lifestyle changes and statin therapy. The role of both nonstatin monotherapy in statin-intolerant patients and combination therapy with statins in patients with high risk of CVD events has been well studied. We sought to review the role of newer therapies in risk reduction in these patients.
Anti-cancer Mechanism of Docosahexaenoic Acid in Pancreatic Carcinogenesis: A Mini-review; Pancreatic cancer is a highly aggressive malignant tumor of the digestive system and radical resection, which is available to very few patients, might be the only possibility for cure. Since therapeutic choices are limited at the advanced stage, prevention is more important for reducing incidence in high-risk individuals with family history of pancreatic cancer. Epidemiological studies have shown that a high consumption of fish oil or omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids reduces the risk of pancreatic cancers. Dietary fish oil supplementation has shown to suppress pancreatic cancer development in animal models. Previous experimental studies revealed that several hallmarks of cancer involved in the pathogenesis of pancreatic cancer, such as the resistance to apoptosis, hyper-proliferation with abnormal Wnt/beta-catenin signaling, expression of pro-angiogenic growth factors, and invasion. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acid and rich in cold oceanic fish oil. DHA shows anti-cancer activity by inducing oxidative stress and apoptosis, inhibiting Wnt/beta-catenin signaling, and decreasing extracellular matrix degradation and expression of pro-angiogenic factors in pancreatic cancer cells. This review will summarize anti-cancer mechanism of DHA in pancreatic carcinogenesis based on the recent studies.
Controversy of oral hypoglycemic agents in type 2 diabetes mellitus: Novel move towards combination therapies; Aim: As diabetes mellitus is multi-factorial disease, use of several oral hypoglycemic agents (OHAs) is the main stay of pharmacological treatment. The treatment has become more challenging and controversial as OHAs are heterogeneous in their mode of action that causes unwanted side effects. Complementary approaches such as use of medicinal plants and dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) with hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activities are therefore imperative. A vast literature has independently documented the effects of OHAs, medicinal plants and PUFA for management of diabetes. In the present article, we have reviewed the current literature to describe the effects of commonly used OHAs, their mechanisms of action and reported controversies. The antidiabetic potential of herbs and/or formulations and omega-3 PUFA with its potential benefits and mode of action is also discussed.
Vascular smooth muscle cells preloaded with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid fail to respond to serotonin stimulation; Epidemiological, animal and clinical studies indicate that n-3 fatty acids may benefit individuals with known history of cardiovascular disease or at risk of developing it. Though there is indirect evidence to suggest that the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids may be because of their ability to inhibit smooth muscle cell (SMC proliferation, there are no studies that have examined this hypothesis, In this study, the mitogenic effect of serotonin (5HT) and platelet derived growth factor (PDGF), known mitogens for vascular SMC, on aortic SMCs preloaded with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is examined. 5HT and PDGF could only partially stimulate proliferation of SMC that were preloaded with EPA or DHA as compared to the control cells, gamma -linolenic acid (LA) and oleic acid (OA) did not block the 5HT or PDGF induced (3)[H]thymidine incorporation suggesting that the anti-proliferative effect was specific to n-3 fatty acids only. Further, when EPA and DHA were combined in the ratio they are present in fishoils, there was a synergistic interaction in inhibiting the proliferation of SMC. Further, SMC grown in the presence of EPA or DNA, when stimulated with 5HT(2) failed to show an increase in 5HT(2) receptor mRNA. One of the potential mechanism by which fish oils may prevent the development of atherosclerosis or restenosis could be inhibition of the mitogen induced SMC proliferation. Combination of EPA with DHA is likely to be more beneficial. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All lights reserved.
Nutrients, herbal bioactive derivatives and commensal microbiota as tools to lower the risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection; The SARS-CoV-2 outbreak has infected a vast population across the world, causing more than 664 million cases and 6.7 million deaths by January 2023. Vaccination has been effective in reducing the most critical aftermath of this infection, but some issues are still present regarding re-infection prevention, effectiveness against variants, vaccine hesitancy and worldwide accessibility. Moreover, although several old and new antiviral drugs have been tested, we still lack robust and specific treatment modalities. It appears of utmost importance, facing this continuously growing pandemic, to focus on alternative practices grounded on firm scientific bases. In this article, we aim to outline a rigorous scientific background and propose complementary nutritional tools useful toward containment, and ultimately control, of SARS-CoV-2 infection. In particular, we review the mechanisms of viral entry and discuss the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from alpha-linolenic acid and other nutrients in preventing the interaction of SARS-CoV-2 with its entry gateways. In a similar way, we analyze in detail the role of herbal-derived pharmacological compounds and specific microbial strains or microbial-derived polypeptides in the prevention of SARS-CoV-2 entry. In addition, we highlight the role of probiotics, nutrients and herbal-derived compounds in stimulating the immunity response.
Red Blood Cell DHA Is Inversely Associated with Risk of Incident Alzheimer's Disease and All-Cause Dementia: Framingham Offspring Study; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) might help prevent Alzheimer's disease (AD). Red blood cell (RBC) status of DHA is an objective measure of long-term dietary DHA intake. In this prospective observational study conducted within the Framingham Offspring Cohort (1490 dementia-free participants aged >= 65 years old), we examined the association of RBC DHA with incident AD, testing for an interaction with APOE-epsilon 4 carriership. During the follow-up (median, 7.2 years), 131 cases of AD were documented. In fully adjusted models, risk for incident AD in the highest RBC DHA quintile (Q5) was 49% lower compared with the lowest quintile (Q1) (Hazard ratio [HR]: 0.51, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.27, 0.96). An increase in RBC DHA from Q1 to Q5 was predicted to provide an estimated 4.7 additional years of life free of AD. We observed an interaction DHA x APOE-epsilon 4 carriership for AD. Borderline statistical significance for a lower risk of AD was observed per standard deviation increase in RBC DHA (HR: 0.71, 95% CI: 0.51, 1.00, p = 0.053) in APOE-epsilon 4 carriers, but not in non-carriers (HR: 0.85, 95% CI: 0.65, 1.11, p = 0.240). These findings add to the increasing body of literature suggesting a robust association worth exploring dietary DHA as one strategy to prevent or delay AD.
Reduction of prothrombin and Factor V levels following supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids is sex dependent: a randomised controlled study; Background: LCn-3PUFA comprised of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) offer cardioprotection involving a decrease in coagulant activity; however, the evidence is equivocal. We have previously demonstrated that the acute (24 h) effects and chronic (4 weeks) effects of LCn-3PUFA supplementation on platelet aggregation in human subjects are sex specific. This study investigated the mechanisms of the sex-dependent effects of LCn-3PUFA with 4 weeks supplementation of EPA-rich vs. DHA-rich oils on procoagulant and platelet activity in healthy subjects.
Improving lipids with prescription icosapent ethyl after previous use of fish oil dietary supplements; Managing dyslipidemia can be challenging in patients with statin intolerance. We describe the lipid effects of icosapent ethyl 4 g/day (high-purity prescription omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid) in two coronary artery disease patients with statin intolerance who were self-treating with fish oil dietary supplements. After initiating icosapent ethyl, improvements were noted in the first and second patients, respectively, in total cholesterol (-12%; -21%), LDL cholesterol (-3%; -24%), triglycerides (-34%; -16%), non-HDL cholesterol (-12%; -22%), the omega-3 index (+42%; +8%) and eicosapentaenoic acid levels (+275%; +138%). Icosapent ethyl was well tolerated with no adverse events reported. These cases demonstrated favorable lipid effects with prescription icosapent ethyl treatment that may help optimize the care of high-risk coronary artery disease patients with statin intolerance.
PHARMACOLOGICAL CONTROL OF HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA; Hypertriglyceridemia has been recently recognized as a vascular risk factor, based on both clinical and experimental findings. Epidemiological studies clearly showed that elevated plasma triglycerides in subjects with low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (<35 mg/dl) and/or a low-density lipoprotein (LDL)/HDL cholesterol ratio >5 are associated with an elevated risk for coronary heart disease (CHD), while intervention studies indicate that triglyceride lowering with drugs may lead to a significant CHD reduction. Elevated blood triglycerides are associated with major alterations in the structure/function of plasma lipoproteins, which become more atherogenic, and with abnormalities in the clotting system, which may predispose to coronary thrombosis. New criteria for the classification of hypertriglyceridemias and a stepwise approach to the management of patients with elevated plasma triglycerides have been recently developed. Nonpharmacological interventions, i.e., weight reduction, alcohol and smoking cessation, and physical exercise, are the first-line actions to control hypertriglyceridemia. Drug therapy should be considered when the nonpharmacological approaches are ineffective or inadequate. Fibric acid derivatives and nicotinic acid (and its derivatives) are the drugs of choice when treating hypertriglyceridemic patients; n-3 fatty acids (fish oil) and metformin (especially in diabetic patients) represent additional therapeutic agents.
Plasma fatty acid patterns reflect dietary habits and metabolic health: A cross-sectional study; Scope: Using pattern analysis, we investigated the relationship between plasma fatty acid patterns, dietary intake, and biomarkers of metabolic health using data from the Irish National Adult Nutrition Survey.
Effects of Bioactive Marine-Derived Liposomes on Two Human Breast Cancer Cell Lines; Breast cancer is the leading cause of death from cancer among women. Higher consumption of dietary marine n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) is associated with a lower risk of breast cancer. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are two n-3 LC-PUFAs found in fish and exert anticancer effects. In this study, natural marine-derived lecithin that is rich in various polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was extracted from salmon heads and transformed into nanoliposomes. These nanoliposomes were characterized and cultured with two breast cancer lines (MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231). The nanoliposomes decreased the proliferation and the stiffness of both cancer cell types. These results suggest that marine-derived lecithin possesses anticancer properties, which may have an impact on developing new liposomal delivery strategies for breast cancer treatment.
Potential of non-antiarrhythmic drugs to provide an innovative upstream approach to the pharmacological prevention of sudden cardiac death; Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is the most common cause of death and often occurs in low-risk patients. Present prevention strategies, mainly confined to high-risk subjects (proposed implantable cardioverter defibrillators recipients), have a limited effect on SCD burden in the general population. A relatively unexplored strategy for extending SCD prevention could imply targeting the early (upstream) processes of the complex cascade leading to SCD by non-antiarrhythmic drugs (i.e., beta-blockers, aldosterone antagonists, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin receptor-blocker agents, statins and omega-3 fatty acids). In this innovative pharmacological perspective, agents with upstream effects may also be used in high-risk patients in association with a strictly downstream intervention, such as the implantable cardioverter defibrillator, in an attempt to obtain an additive/synergetic effect.
Effects of <i>n-3</i> polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiac ion channels; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been reported to exhibit antiarrhythmic properties, and these effects have been attributed to their capability to modulate ion channels. In the present review, we will focus on the effects of PUFAs on a cardiac sodium channel (Na-v 1.5) and two potassium channels involved in cardiac atrial and ventricular repolarization (K-v) (K-v 1.5 and K-v 11.1). n-3 PUFAs of marine (docosahexaenoic, DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA) and plant origin (alpha-linolenic acid, ALA) block K(v)1.5 and K-v 11.1 channels at physiological concentrations. Moreover, DHA and EPA decrease the expression levels of K-v 1.5, whereas ALA does not. DHA and EPA also decrease the magnitude of the currents elicited by the activation of Na(v)1.5 and calcium channels. These effects on sodium and calcium channels should theoretically shorten the cardiac action potential duration (APD), whereas the blocking actions of n-3 PUFAs on K-v channels would be expected to produce a lengthening of cardiac action potential. Indeed, the effects of n-3 PUFAs on the cardiac APD and, therefore, on cardiac arrhythmias vary depending on the method of application, the animal model, and the underlying cardiac pathology.
The associations of circulating common and uncommon polyunsaturated fatty acids and modification effects on dietary quality with all-cause and disease-specific mortality in NHANES 2003-2004 and 2011-2012; Background Associations of dietary or supplementary intake of several unsaturated fatty acids and mortality have been widely studied but the results were still hitherto inconsistent or limited. It is still need to explore the effects of these fatty acids by using the objective biomarkers. Objective We aimed to investigate the relevancy of several serum n-3 and n-6 fatty acids with all-cause and disease-specific mortality to confirm their health effects and effects on the associations between dietary quality and all-cause mortality. Methods A total of 4132 people from NHANES 2003-2004 and 2011-2012 and the mortality information was confirmed from the NDI. CPH models adjusted for known risk factors were conducted to explore the associations between circulating n-3 and n-6 fatty acids and all-cause or CVD or cancer mortality under complex sampling. We further evaluated their effects on association between dietary quality and all-cause mortality. Results A total of 437 deaths occurred during the mean follow-up of 83.34 months, including 157 CVD death and 100 cancer death. Serum LA, ALA, EPA and DHA were associated with all-cause mortality (HR in quintile5: LA:0.584, 95%CI: 0.387-0.882, P (trend) = 0.011; ALA:0.626, 95%CI: 0.432-0.907, P (trend) = 0.008; EPA:0.535, 95%CI: 0.375-0.764, P (trend) = 0.001; DHA:0.669, 95%CI: 0.468-0.955, P (trend) = 0.031). Additionally, serum EPA and ALA were respectively related to CVD and cancer mortality (Q5 HR: EPA:0.450, 95%CI: 0.23-0.854, P (trend) = 0.009; ALA:0.387, 95%CI: 0.167-0.900, P (trend) = 0.022). Serum AA, GLA, DGLA and SDA were not associated with any risk of mortality. The effect on all-cause mortality of the lower AHEI scores can be improved by adherence to a higher serum LA, EPA and DHA (in the lowest AHEI strata, LA in tertile3 compared to tertile1 HR:0.596, 95%CI: 0.366-0.970; EPA:0.660, 95%CI: 0.454-0.959; DHA:0.666, 95%CI; 0.444-1.000). Conclusions Our results support the recent dietary recommendations to increase the intake of plant-derived and marine-derived n-6 and n-3 to improve the ability of primary and secondary prevention.
Role of nutrition in the risk of preeclampsia; Preeclampsia (PE) accounts for about one-quarter of the cases of maternal mortality and ranks second among the causes of pregnancy-associated maternal deaths in Canada and worldwide. The identification of an effective strategy to prevent PE is a priority and a challenge for research in obstetrics. Progress has been hampered by inadequate understanding of the underlying etiology of the disease. The role of maternal diet in the etiology of PE has recently received increased attention. The objective of this paper is to provide an overview of the literature concerning 1) the current understanding of the pathogenesis of PE, 2) the biological plausibility and potential mechanisms underlying the associations between maternal dietary exposures, nutrition, and the risk of PE, and 3) the epidemiological findings of maternal nutrient intake in relation to the risk of PE.
A Mediterranean-style dietary intervention supplemented with fish oil improves diet quality and mental health in people with depression: A randomized controlled trial (HELFIMED); Objectives: We investigated whether a Mediterranean-style diet (MedDiet) supplemented with fish oil can improve mental health in adults suffering depression. Methods: Adults with self-reported depression were randomized to receive fortnightly food hampers and MedDiet cooking workshops for 3 months and fish oil supplements for 6 months, or attend social groups fortnightly for 3 months. Assessments at baseline, 3 and 6 months included mental health, quality of life (QoL) and dietary questionnaires, and blood samples for erythrocyte fatty acid analysis. Results: n = 152 eligible adults aged 18-65 were recruited (n = 95 completed 3-month and n = 85 completed 6-month assessments). At 3 months, the MedDiet group had a higher MedDiet score (t = 3.95, P < 0.01), consumed more vegetables (t = 3.95, P < 0.01), fruit (t = 2.10, P = 0.04), nuts (t = 2.29, P = 0.02), legumes (t = 2.41, P = 0.02) wholegrains (t = 2.63, P = 0.01), and vegetable diversity (t = 3.27, P < 0.01); less unhealthy snacks (t = -2.10, P = 0.04) and red meat/chicken (t = -2.13, P = 0.04). The MedDiet group had greater reduction in depression (t = -2.24, P = 0.03) and improved mental health QoL scores (t = 2.10, P = 0.04) at 3 months. Improved diet and mental health were sustained at 6 months. Reduced depression was correlated with an increased MedDiet score (r = -0.298, P = 0.01), nuts (r = -0.264, P = 0.01), and vegetable diversity (r = -0.303, P = 0.01). Other mental health improvements had similar correlations, most notably for increased vegetable diversity and legumes. There were some correlations between increased omega-3, decreased omega-6 and improved mental health. Discussion: This is one of the first randomized controlled trials to show that healthy dietary changes are achievable and, supplemented with fish oil, can improve mental health in people with depression.
Triglycerides and residual risk; Purpose of review To review the recent evidence from observational/genetic/interventional studies addressing triglycerides and residual cardiovascular risk (CVRisk). Recent findings Large population-based and secondary prevention studies consistently show an association of higher triglycerides with increased CVRisk. This is compounded by genetic studies demonstrating an independent relationship between triglyceride raising or lowering genetic variants affecting triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) metabolism and CVRisk. Mendelian randomization analysis suggests the benefit of genetic lowering of triglycerides and LDL-cholesterol is similar per unit change in apolipoprotein-B. Among cholesterol-lowering trials, more intensive statin therapy produced greater CVRisk reductions in patients with higher TRL-cholesterol or triglycerides; proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibition led to similar triglycerides reduction but greater non-HDL-C or apolipoprotein-B reductions than fibrates or fish oils. Regarding n-3 fatty acids, A Study of Cardiovascular Events in Diabetes (ASCEND) and Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL) primary prevention trials with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid failed to demonstrate cardiovascular benefits, Conversely, Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) using high-dose icosapent-ethyl (purified EPA) in primary (diabetes) and secondary prevention with hypertriglyceridemia showed significant cardiovascular events reductions (greater than expected by the observed triglycerides or apolipoprotein-B reductions, suggesting potential benefits through non-lipid pathways). Evidence suggests higher triglycerides are a marker of CVRisk and may help identify patients who benefit from intensification of therapy. Moreover, genetic studies support a causal link between TRL/triglycerides and cardiovascular disease. Treatment with high-dose EPA may be of benefit in high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia to reduce CVRisk.
Importance of dyslipidaemia in cardiovascular disease: A point of view; The authors present their view on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases, accepting the European ESC/EAS guidelines. They consider that the aim of the lipid control, based on LDL-C goals, is essential for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. In subjects with metabolic syndrome (mainly, abdominal obesity, pre-diabetes and diabetes), the primary objective should be apoB or Non-HDL-C, which are better associated with cardiovascular risk.
Effect of male sex and obesity on platelet arachidonic acid in spontaneous hypertensive heart failure rats; Sexual dimorphism is observed in the progression to congestive heart failure and, ultimately, in longevity in spontaneously hypertensive heart failure (SHHF) rats. As platelet activation may impact development of cardiovascular diseases, we studied the effects of obesity and sex on platelet polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) profile and its relationship to platelet aggregation in 6-month-old SHHF rats. After a 24-hr fast, blood was obtained for measurement of platelet phospholipid omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) PUFA. Collagen-induced platelet aggregation was measured by whole-blood impedance aggregometry. Obese male (OM) SHHF had significantly more platelet arachidonic acid (AA) and total n-6 PUFA than lean males (LMs), lean females (LFs), or obese females (OFs). Platelet aggregation was enhanced in males compared to females, with OMs by 45% compared to OFs and with LMs by 28% compared to LFs. Though no difference was found between OFs and LFs, platelet aggregation was increased in OMs by 20% compared to LMs. Though not significantly different, lag time to initiate platelet aggregation tended to be shortest in OMs and then, in increasing duration, LMs, LFs, and OFs, suggesting that platelets from male rats were quicker to aggregate than those from females. Platelet aggregation was correlated with platelet AA and total n-6 PUFA content. There was no relationship between n-3 PUFA and platelet aggregation. In SHHF rats, elevated AA and n-6 PUFA levels in platelets are associated with enhanced platelet aggregation. This relationship is potentiated by obesity and male sex.
The impact of age, body mass index, and fish intake on the EPA and DHA content of human erythrocytes; n-3 FA are beneficial for cardiovascular health, reducing platelet aggregation, TG levels, and the risk of sudden death from myocardial infarction. The percentage of EPA + DHA in red blood cells (RBC), also known as the Omega-3 Index, has recently been proposed as a risk marker for death from coronary heart disease (CHID). The purpose of this study was to begin to explore the factors that can influence RBC EPA + DHA. We,collected information on the number of servings of tuna or nonfried fish consumed per month, as well as on age, gender, ethnicity, smoking status, the presence of diabetes, and body mass index (BMI) in 163 adults in Kansas City who were not taking fish oil supplements. The average RBC EPA + DHA in this population was 4.9 2.1%. On a multivariate analysis, four factors significantly and independently influenced the Omega-3 Index: fish servings, age, BMI, and diabetes. The Index increased by 0.24 units with each additional monthly serving of tuna or nonfried fish (P < 0.0001), and by 0.5 units for each additional decade in age (P < 0.0001). The Index was 1.13% units lower in subjects with diabetes (P= 0.015) and decreased by 0.3% units with each 3-unit increase in BMI (P= 0.001). Gender or smoking status had no effect, and the univariate relationship with ethnicity vanished after controlling for fish intake. Given the importance of n-3 FA in influencing risk for death from CHID, further studies are warranted to delineate the nondietary factors that influence RBC EPA + DHA content.
Quantitative analysis of the benefits and risks of consuming farmed and wild salmon; Contaminants in farmed Atlantic and wild Pacific salmon raise important questions about the competing health benefits and risks of fish consumption. A benefit-risk analysis was conducted to compare quantitatively the cancer and noncancer risks of exposure to organic contaminants in salmon with the (n-3) fatty acid-associated health benefits of salmon consumption. Recommended levels of (n-3) fatty acid intake, as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may be achieved by consuming farmed or wild salmon while maintaining an acceptable level of noncarcinogenic risk. However, the recommended level of EPA+DHA intake cannot be achieved solely from farmed or wild salmon while maintaining an acceptable level of carcinogenic risk. Although the benefit-risk ratio for carcinogens and noncarcinogens is significantly greater for wild Pacific salmon than for farmed Atlantic salmon as a group, the ratio for some subgroups of farmed salmon is on par with the ratio for wild salmon. This analysis suggests that risk of exposure to contaminants in farmed and wild salmon is partially offset by the fatty acid-associated health benefits. However, young children, women of child-bearing age, pregnant women, and nursing mothers not at significant risk for sudden cardiac death associated with CHD but concerned with health impairments such as reduction in IQ and other cognitive and behavioral effects, can minimize contaminant exposure by choosing the least contaminated wild salmon or by selecting other sources of (n-3) fatty acids.
Fish Consumption and the Risk of Stroke A Dose-Response Meta-Analysis; Background and Purpose-Fish consumption has been postulated to reduce the risk of stroke. We conducted a dose-response meta-analysis to summarize the evidence from prospective studies regarding the association between fish consumption and stroke risk.
Fumonisin B1 protects against long-chained polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced cell death in HepG2 cells - implications for cancer promotion; Fumonisin B1 (FB1), a food -borne mycotoxin, is a cancer promoter in rodent liver and augments proliferation of initiated cells while inhibiting the growth of normal hepatocytes by disrupting lipid biosynthesis at various levels. HepG2 cancer cells exhibited resistance to FB1-induced toxic effects presumably due to their low content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) even though FB1-typical lipid changes were observed, e.g. significantly increased phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), decreased sphingomyelin and cholesterol content, increased sphinganine (Sa) and sphinganine/sphingosine ratio, increased C18:10)-9, decreased C20:40)-6 content in PE and decreased C20:40)-6_PC/PE ratio. Increasing PUFA content of HepG2 cells with phosphatidylcholine (PC) vesicles containing C20:40)-6 (SAPC) or C22:60)-3 (SDPC) disrupted cell survival, cellular redox status and induced oxidative stress and apoptosis. A partially protective effect of FB1 was evident in PUFA-enriched HepG2 cells which may be related to the FB1-induced reduction in oxidative stress and the disruption of key cell membrane constituents indicative of a resistant lipid phenotype. Interactions between different 0)-6 and 0)-3 PUFA, membrane constituents including cholesterol, and the glycerophospho- and sphingolipids and FB1 in this cell model provide further support for the resistant lipid phenotype and its role in the complex cellular effects underlying the cancer promoting potential of the fumonisins.
Upstream therapies for management of atrial fibrillation: review of clinical evidence and implications for European Society of Cardiology guidelines. Part I: primary prevention; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. It is also a progressive disease secondary to continuous structural remodelling of the atria due to AF itself, to changes associated with ageing, and to deterioration of underlying heart disease. Current management aims at preventing the recurrence of AF and its consequences (secondary prevention) and includes risk assessment and prevention of stroke, ventricular rate control, and rhythm control therapies including antiarrhythmic drugs and catheter or surgical ablation. The concept of primary prevention of AF with interventions targeting the development of substrate and modifying risk factors for AF has emerged as a result of recent experiments that suggested novel targets for mechanism-based therapies. Upstream therapy refers to the use of non-antiarrhythmic drugs that modify the atrial substrate-or target-specific mechanisms of AF to prevent the occurrence or recurrence of the arrhythmia. Such agents include angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), statins, n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, and possibly corticosteroids. Animal experiments have compellingly demonstrated the protective effect of these agents against electrical and structural atrial remodelling in association with AF. The key targets of upstream therapy are structural changes in the atria, such as fibrosis, hypertrophy, inflammation, and oxidative stress, but direct and indirect effects on atrial ion channels, gap junctions, and calcium handling are also applied. Although there have been no formal randomized controlled studies (RCTs) in the primary prevention setting, retrospective analyses and reports from the studies in which AF was a pre-specified secondary endpoint have shown a sustained reduction in new-onset AF with ACEIs and ARBs in patients with significant underlying heart disease (e. g. left ventricular dysfunction and hypertrophy), and in the incidence of AF after cardiac surgery in patients treated with statins. In the secondary prevention setting, the results with upstream therapies are significantly less encouraging. Although the results of hypothesis-generating small clinical studies or retrospective analyses in selected patient categories have been positive, larger prospective RCTs have yielded controversial, mostly negative, results. Notably, the controversy exists on whether upstream therapy may impact mortality and major non-fatal cardiovascular events in patients with AF. This has been addressed in retrospective analyses and large prospective RCTs, but the results remain inconclusive pending further reports. This review provides a contemporary evidence-based insight into the role of upstream therapies in primary (Part I) and secondary (Part II) prevention of AF.
Cholesterol-induced stimulation of platelet aggregation is prevented by a hempseed-enriched diet; Hypercholesterolemia indirectly increases the risk for myocardial infarction by enhancing the ability of platelets to aggregate. Diets enriched with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been shown to reduce the detrimental effects of cholesterol on platelet aggregation. This study investigated whether dietary hempseed, a rich source of PUFAs, inhibits platelet aggregation under normal and hypercholesterolemic conditions. Male New Zealand white rabbits were fed one of 6 dietary interventions: regular control diet (RG); control diet + 10% hempseed (HP); control diet + 10% partially delipidated hempseed (DHP); control diet + 0.5% cholesterol (OL); control diet + 0.5% cholesterol + 10% hempseed (OLHP); control diet + 5% coconut oil (CO). After 8 weeks, blood was collected to measure ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation and plasma levels of fatty acids, cholesterol, and triglycerides. The hempseed-fed animals (HP and OLHP) displayed elevated plasma levels of PUFAs and a prominent enhancement in 18:3n-6 (gamma-linolenic acid, GLA) levels, a unique PUFA found in hempseed. The cholesterol-supplemented groups (OL and OLHP) had significantly elevated plasma levels of cholesterol and triglycerides, but platelet aggregation was significantly augmented only in the OL group. The addition of hempseed to this diet (OLHP) normalized aggregation. The direct addition of GLA to the OL platelet samples blocked the cholesterol-induced stimulation of platelet aggregation. The results of this study demonstrate that when hempseed is added to a cholesterol-enriched diet, cholesterol-induced platelet aggregation returns to control levels. This normalization is not due to a reduction in plasma cholesterol levels, but may be partly due to increased levels of plasma GLA.
A probiotic, <i>Lactobacillus fermentum</i> ME-3, has antioxidative capacity in soft cheese spreads with different fats; Our aim was to develop a prototype of a functional spread cheese containing both a specific probiotic and n-3 fatty acids and to analyze the viability of the probiotic and stability of n-3 fatty acids during 4 wk of shelf life. Lactobacillus fermentum ME-3 (Lf ME-3) isolated from a healthy Estonian child has been shown to have probiotic and antioxidative properties in several recent studies. In the current study this promising bacterial strain was combined with vegetable oils rich in nutritionally important a-linolenic acid and with unflavored cheese to obtain soft cheese spreads with different fat contents. Lactobacillus fermentum ME-3 survived well in all cheeses although the viable count did not increase during 4 wk of storage. The fatty acid composition of cheese triacylglycerols remained stable, whereas the profile of volatile compounds changed: hexanal and pentanal disappeared and the proportion of some alcohols increased. The changes in the profile of volatile compounds show the reductive power of Lf ME-3. A functional spread cheese containing n-3 fatty acids can be prepared with the probiotic Lactobacillus fermentum ME-3 strain leading to a reduced need for chemical antioxidants.
Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid on the Cytoprotection Through Nrf2-Mediated Heme Oxygenase-1 in Human Endothelial Cells; Consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), is associated with a significant reduction in the risk of developing cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate whether heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) induction contributes to the cytoprotective effects of EPA in endothelial cells threatened with oxidative damage. In this study, we investigated the effect of EPA on the induction of HO-1 by NF-E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. In cells treated with low concentrations of EPA (10-25 mu M), HO-1 expression increased in a time- and concentration-dependent manner. Additionally, EPA treatment increased Nrf2 nuclear translocation and antioxidant response element activity, leading to the upregulation of HO-1 expression. Furthermore, treatment with EPA reduced hydrogen peroxide (H2O2)-induced cell death. The reduction in cell death was reversed by treatment with zinc protoporphyrin, an inhibitor of HO-1, indicating that HO-1 contributed to the protective effect of EPA. These data suggest that EPA protects against H2O2-induced oxidative stress in endothelial cells by activating Nrf2 and inducting HO-1 expression.
Dietary (n-6) PUFA and intestinal tumorigenesis; Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, and mortality due to colorectal cancer is only surpassed by lung cancer. Epidemiological studies demonstrate that dietary polyunsaturated fats can have a profound effect on colorectal cancer risk. Experimental data indicate that modulation of cellular (n-6) PUFA metabolism can affect the progression of the disease. This paper discusses the role (n-6) PUFA play in promoting intestinal tumorigenesis and how dietary PUFA from different families interact to modify the neoplastic process. Dietary PUFA that attenuate arachidonic acid metabolism [such as (n-3) PUFA] have antineoplastic properties, whereas those that augment arachidonic acid metabolism, such as linoleic, gamma-linolenic, and arachidonic acids do not appear to enhance tumorigenesis when added to the Western diet but may diminish the beneficial effects of other dietary lipids. It is the relative contributions of the different dietary PUFA that may determine overall risk for and progression of the disease.
Natural supplements in antiphospholipid syndrome: A case for further study; Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is an autoimmune disorder characterized by thrombotic events and/or pregnancy complications in the presence of persistently positive antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL). Although long-term anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists is considered standard of care, there is an unmet need for safe therapeutics as primary thromboprophylaxis or adjuncts to standard of care in APS. APS is driven by oxidative stress, procoagulant, proinflammatory and angiogenic pathways. For these reasons there has been an increased interest into the investigation of antithrombotic, anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties of natural supplements in APS. The objective of this review is to summarize the mechanistic, epidemiologic and clinical evidence behind the use of natural supplements in APS, with a specific focus on vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, coenzyme Q10, gingerol, and isoquercetin. This review should serve as a compelling argument for the future study of natural supplements in APS.
Does eating oily fish improve gestational and neonatal outcomes? Findings from a Sicilian study; Background: Fish is a source of long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids, but it may also contain a number of pollutants.
PUFA induce antidepressant-like effects in parallel to structural and molecular changes in the hippocampus; Epidemiological data suggest that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) consumption may be inversely correlated to the prevalence and severity of depression but little is known about the underlying mechanisms. In this study, we experimentally investigated whether a chronic supplementation with PUFA may induce antidepressant-like effects in mice in parallel to brain structural and molecular changes. Six weeks feeding with a PUFA-enriched diet induced behavioral changes in the Forced Swim Test (FST), the Tail Suspension Test and the Novelty-Suppressed Feeding Test. Moreover, more than 5 weeks supplementation with a PUFA blend containing 70% alpha-linotenic acid induced antidepressant-like effects in the FST with an increase in both swimming and climbing behaviors. The combination of a shorter duration of PUFA supplementation with a low dose of imipramine also induced an additive effect in the FST. Finally, PUPA supplementation was associated with an increase in the hippocampal volume, an over-expression of both synaptophysin and BDNF, and a raise in the number of newborn cells. Besides the:possible modulation of brain plasticity, present results highlight the effectiveness of PUFA given alone or in combination with antidepressant drug as potential treatment of depressive disorders. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Plasma <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid response to an <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid supplement is modulated by apoE ε4 but not by the common PPAR-α L162V polymorphism in men; The risk of Alzheimer's disease is increased for carriers of apoE4 (E4) or the PPAR-alpha L162V polymorphism (L162V), but it is decreased in fish and seafood consumers. The link between high fish intake and reduced risk of cognitive decline in the elderly appears not to hold in carriers of E4, possibly because better cognition is linked to EPA + DHA in the blood, but only in non-carriers of E4. As yet, no such studies exist in carriers of L162V. Our objective was to determine whether the plasma fatty acid response to a dietary supplement of EPA + DHA was altered ill carriers of L162V and/or E4. This was an add-on project; in the original study, men were selected based on whether or not they were carriers of L162V (n 14 per group). E4 status was determined afterwards. All subjects received an EPA + DHA supplement for 6 weeks. L162V polymorphism did not interact with the supplement in a way to alter EPA and DHA incorporation into plasma lipids. However, when the groups were separated based on the presence of E4, baseline EPA and DHA in plasma TAG were 67 and 60 % higher, respectively, in E4 carriers. After the supplementation, there were significant gene X diet interactions in which only non-carriers had increased EPA and DHA in plasma NEFA and TAG, respectively.
The Effect of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Plasma Lipids and Lipoproteins in Patients With Chronic Renal Failure-A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objective: To systemically review and analyze the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in patients with end-stage renal disease.
EFFECT OF ETHYL LINOLEATE ETHYL LINOLENATE AND ETHYL ESTERS OF HIGHLY UNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ON ESSENTIAL FATTY ACID DEFICIENCY IN RAINBOW TROUT; In order to determine of essential fatty acid (EFA) is necessary for rainbow trout as it is for mammals, the fish raised on a fat-free diet long enough to manifest deficiency symptoms were given ethyl esters of linoleic, linolenlc and highly unsaturated fatty acids and the following effects were observed. The posterior part of fish fed only the fat-free diet for 3 mo. was discolored and hardened. The posterior fin was worn out. In the extreme cases, the fin had almost disappeared, leaving the terminals of spiral column. Many of the fish died in this group. These symptoms might be caused by EFA deficiency. The fat-free diet was inferior to the diets containing fatty acid esters for weight gain and for efficiency of the diet. Among the three fatty acid esters, highly unsaturated fatty acid esters were the best in the accumulation and efficiency of the diet, showing minimum mortality. Ethyl linoleate was the next and ethyl linolenate was the last of the 3. Of each ester a 200 [mu]g dose was better than 50 [mu]g. In this experiment, fish fed the diets containing more than 50 [mu]g esters/g of body weight per day, failed to cause deficiency symptoms, though a further experiment may be necessary to determine the minimum requirement of these fatty esters. A recovery test was carried out with rainbow trout which had been fed the fat-free diet for 2 mo. In the fat-free diet group, the symptoms of the deficiency could still be observed, but in the groups containing the 3 kinds of esters at the rate of 500 [mu]g/g of body weight per day, such symptoms were not observed.
Systems Nutrigenomics Reveals Brain Gene Networks Linking Metabolic and Brain Disorders; Nutrition plays a significant role in the increasing prevalence of metabolic and brain disorders. Here we employ systems nutrigenomics to scrutinize the genomic bases of nutrient-host interaction underlying disease predisposition or therapeutic potential. We conducted transcriptome and epigenome sequencing of hypothalamus (metabolic control) and hippocampus (cognitive processing) from a rodent model of fructose consumption, and identified significant reprogramming of DNA methylation, transcript abundance, alternative splicing, and gene networks governing cell metabolism, cell communication, inflammation, and neuronal signaling. These signals converged with genetic causal risks of metabolic, neurological, and psychiatric disorders revealed in humans. Gene network modeling uncovered the extracellular matrix genes Bgn and Fmod as main orchestrators of the effects of fructose, as validated using two knockout mouse models. We further demonstrate that an omega-3 fatty acid, DHA, reverses the genomic and network perturbations elicited by fructose, providing molecular support for nutritional interventions to counteract diet-induced metabolic and brain disorders. Our integrative approach complementing rodent and human studies supports the applicability of nutrigenomics principles to predict disease susceptibility and to guide personalized medicine. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Agricultural dust derived bacterial extracellular vesicle mediated inflammation is attenuated by DHA; Dietary long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and their pro-resolving metabolites are protective against atherosclerotic disease, and ameliorate systemic inflammatory conditions including lupus erythematosus, psoriasis, and bronchial asthma. Organic bioaerosol inhalation is a common and injurious hazard associated with agricultural occupations such as work in swine concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs) and is known to increase the risk for developing respiratory conditions such as asthma and COPD. Nearly all cells secrete membrane-bound vesicles (extracellular vesicles, EVs) that have the capacity to transmit protein, nucleic acid, and lipid signaling mediators between cells. Using a polymer-based isolation technique (ExoQuick, PEG) followed by ultracentrifugation, EVs were isolated from CAFO dust extracts, and were quantified and partially characterized. Here, we investigated the role of the n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as a component of n-6 to n-3 PUFA mixtures used to recapitulate physiologically relevant dietary ratios in the resolution of inflammatory injury caused by exposure to EVs carried by agricultural organic dust in vitro. Primary human bronchial epithelial cells, fibroblasts and monocyte-derived macrophages were exposed to EVs isolated from swine CAFO dust. Cells were treated with mixtures of n-6 and n-3 PUFA during recovery from the EV-induced injury. CAFO dust extract (DE) was found to contain EVs that contributed significantly to the overall consequences of exposure to complete DE. DHA-rich PUFA ratios inhibited DE-derived EV-induced proinflammatory cytokine release dose-dependently. DHA-rich PUFA ratios also reversed the damaging effects of EVs on recellularization of lung matrix scaffolds, accelerated wound healing, and stimulated the release of pro-resolution mediators. These results underscore the importance of n-3 PUFA as anti-inflammatory compounds during recovery from EV-laden environmental dust exposure in the context of cellular responses in vitro, warranting future translational studies.
Israeli 'cancer shift' over heart disease mortality may be led by greater risk in women with high intake of n-6 fatty acids; My hypothesis is that higher female sensitivity to increased n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their carcinogenic effect may contribute to the recent Israeli 'cancer shif' over heart disease mortality (23.1 vs. 22.3%,1999). High n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake was the presumed dietary risk underlying the 'Israeli paradox, the unexpected gap between 'ill' health and 'good' diet. Scientific literature and population health surveillance reports were reviewed. Cancer death rates for Israeli Arabs, who consumed a more traditional Mediterranean diet - more monounsaturated fatty acids, mostly olive oil, and less n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids - are still 1.1-1.7 times (men-women) lower than in Israeli Jews, but are increasing faster (23.6 and 5.1% vs. 5.3 and - 3.3%, 1980-2000), concurrently with dietary 'Israelization' - specifically, increased intake of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Israeli-Jewish women attained an earlier, much larger (29 vs. 7%,1999) 'cancer: heart disease mortality shift' (ratio > 1.0), ranked much worse for cancer (15th/44 European countries) than men (37th) and heart disease (38th and 34th, respectively), and had much higher cancer prevalence (1 :3) than Israeli-Arab women (1 :6), though dietary compositions were similar, save for higher n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid: monounsaturated fatty acid ratio. Population studies of Israeli Jews, Arabs, and women support the association of high n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake with increased cancer risk and higher female sensitivity. Research findings suggest that gender and sex hormones may influence n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and carcinogenesis. This appears to be the first time gender has been proposed to modulate national cancer epidemiology, suggesting implications for differential nutritional prevention, warranting further research.
Treatment of symptomatic HyperLp(a)lipoproteinemia with LDL-apheresis: a multicentre study; LDL-apheresis (LDLa) efficacy in the treatment of symptomatic HyperLp(a)lipoproteinemia -HyperLp(a)- has been studied in a multicentre trial. After 3.1 +/- 2.7 years of weekly and biweekly treatment, the data from 19 patients (males: 12; females: 7; aged 53.8 +/- 9.3 years; mean body mass index: 24.6 +/- 2.3 Kg/m(2)) were evaluated. Data were collected using the same questionnaire shared by 5 participating centres. A total of 2331 procedures were performed. A mean of 3593.7 +/- 800.3 ml of plasma or 8115.3 +/- 2150.1 ml of blood, depending upon the technique used (H.E.L.P., D.A.LI., Dextransulphate, Lipocollect 200), was regularly treated on average every 10.1 +/- 2.6 days. Baseline mean Lp(a) levels were 172.3 +/- 153.8 mg/dL. The mean pre-/post-apheresis Lp(a) levels decreased from 124.5 +/- 107.2 mg/dL (p <= 0.001 vs baseline) to 34.2 +/- 40.6 mg/dL (p <= 0.001 vs pre-). Baseline mean LDL-cholesterol (LDLC) levels were 152.3 +/- 74.6 mg/dL. The mean pre-/postapheresis LDLC levels decreased from 130.4 +/- 61.1 mg/dL (p <= 0.004 vs baseline) to 41.2 +/- 25.1 mg/dL (p <= 0.001 vs pre-). The hypolipidemic drugs given to the patients during LDLa were: ezetimibe+simvastatin, atorvastatin, rosuvastatin, pravastatin, acipimox, and omega-3 fatty acids. 58% of the patients had arterial hypertension. Cigarette smokers were 5.3%. Alcohol intake was present in 21%. 52.6% were physically active. Patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) submitted to coronary catheterization before LDLa were 95%. In 5.5% (#1) CAD recurred despite treatment with LDLa. 79% were submitted to coronary revascularization before LDLa. CAD was: monovasal in 8 patients (42.1%), bivasal in 5 (26.4%), trivasal in 4 (21%), plurivasal in 2 (10.5%). In 94.5% of the sample the lesions were stable (< 0% deviation) over 3.1 +/- 2.7 years. 37% had both CAD and extra-coronary artery disease. This multicentre study confirmed that long-term treatment with LDLa was at least able to stabilize CAD in the majority of the individuals with symptomatic HyperLp(a).
Hypertriglyceridemia: the importance of identifying patients at risk; This review aims to explain risk factors, consequences, and management strategies recommended for patients with hypertriglyceridemia. A search of PubMed was performed: Hypertriglyceridemia'[Majr], limited to English-language and published in the 5years up to April 2016. Abstracts of the 680 results were screened for inclusion. Reference lists of publications included were also screened for inclusion.Approximately 25% of the United States population has elevated (150mg/dL) triglycerides (TG) putting them at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and pancreatitis. Risk factors for hypertriglyceridemia include genetics, lifestyle and diet, renal disease, endocrine disorders, and certain medications. Guidelines recommend that all patients with hypertriglyceridemia are advised on lifestyle modification to reduce TG to <150mg/dL; a reduction in body weight of 5-10% can reduce TG by approximately 20%. For patients with TG <400mg/dL, the primary goal is to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, with most guidelines recommending statin therapy. When TG is 500mg/dL the primary goal is to reduce TG levels to lower the risk of pancreatitis. Statin therapy (if LDL-C is elevated) in combination with a fibrate, or long-chain omega-3 fatty acid may be required. The Food and Drug Administration withdrew approval for niacin and some fibrates in combination with statins in April 2016 citing unfavorable benefit-risk profiles. With the increasing incidence of associated conditions (e.g. obesity, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus), it is likely that primary care physicians will encounter more patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Insights into the function of n-3 PUFAs in <i>fat-1</i> transgenic cattle; The n-3 PUFAs have many beneficial effects on human health, including roles in immunity, neurodevelopment, and preventing cardiovascular disease. In this study, we established reliable model fat-1 transgenic cattle using transgenic technology and performed a systematic investigation to examine the function of n-3 PUFAs. Our results showed that expression of the fat-1 gene improved several biochemical parameters related to liver function and to plasma glucose and plasma lipid metabolism. Results of global gene and plasma protein expression analysis showed that 310 genes and 13 plasma proteins differed significantly in the blood of fat-1 transgenic cattle compared with WT cattle, reflecting their regulatory roles in the immune and cardiovascular systems. Finally, changes in the gut microflora were also noted in the fat-1 transgenic cattle, suggesting novel roles for n-3 PUFAs in the metabolism of glucose and lipids, as well as anti-stress properties. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report using multiple parallel analyses to investigate the role of n-3 PUFAs using models such as fat-1 transgenic cattle.jlr This study provides novel insights into the regulatory mechanism of fat-1 in the immune and cardiovascular systems, as well as its anti-stress role.
Association of Dietary, Circulating, and Supplement Fatty Acids With Coronary Risk A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Background: Guidelines advocate changes in fatty acid consumption to promote cardiovascular health.
Use of dietary linoleic acid for secondary prevention of coronary heart disease and death: evaluation of recovered data from the Sydney Diet Heart Study and updated meta-analysis; Objective To evaluate the effectiveness of replacing dietary saturated fat with omega 6 linoleic acid, for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease and death.
Correlation between immune-related Tryptophan-Kynurenine pathway and severity of severe pneumonia and inflammation-related polyunsaturated fatty acids; BackgroundImmune dysfunction and oxidative stress caused by severe pneumonia can lead to multiple organ dysfunction and even death, causing a significant impact on health and the economy. Currently, great progress has been made in the diagnosis and treatment of this disease, but the mortality rate remains high (approximately 50%). Therefore, there is still potential for further exploration of the immune response mechanisms against severe pneumonia.ObjectiveThis study analyzed the difference in serum metabolic profiles between patients with severe pneumonia and health individuals through metabolomics, aiming to uncover the correlation between the Tryptophan-Kynurenine pathway and the severity of severe pneumonia, as well as N-3/N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs).MethodsIn this study, 44 patients with severe pneumonia and 37 health controls were selected. According to the changes in the disease symptoms within the 7 days of admission, the patients were divided into aggravation (n = 22) and remission (n = 22) groups. Targeted metabolomics techniques were performed to quantify serum metabolites and analyze changes between groups.ResultsMetabolomics analysis showed that serum kynurenine and kynurenine/tryptophan (K/T) were significantly increased and tryptophan was significantly decreased in patients with severe pneumonia; HETE and HEPE in lipids increased significantly, while eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), alpha-linolenic acid (linolenic acid, alpha-LNA), arachidonic acid (ARA), Dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and 13(s)-hydroperoxylinoleic acid (HPODE) decreased significantly. Additionally, the longitudinal comparison revealed that Linolenic acid, DPA, and Tryptophan increased significantly in the remission group, while and kynurenine and K/T decreased significantly. In the aggravation group, Kynurenine and K/T increased significantly, while ARA, 8(S)-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (HETE), 11(S)-HETE, and Tryptophan decreased significantly. The correlation analysis matrix demonstrated that Tryptophan was positively correlated with DGLA, 12(S)-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid (HEPE), ARA, EPA, alpha-LNA, DHA, and DPA. Kynurenine was positively correlated with 8(S)-HETE and negatively correlated with DHA. Additionally, K/T was negatively correlated with DGLA, ARA, EPA, alpha-LNA, DHA, and DPA.ConclusionThis study revealed that during severe pneumonia, the Tryptophan-Kynurenine pathway was activated and was positively correlated with the disease progression. On the other hand, the activation of the Tryptophan-Kynurenine pathway was negatively correlated with N-3/N-6 PUFAs.
Body mass index, gestational weight gain and fatty acid concentrations during pregnancy: the Generation R Study; Obesity during pregnancy may be correlated with an adverse nutritional status affecting pregnancy and offspring outcomes. We examined the associations of prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain with plasma fatty acid concentrations in mid-pregnancy. This study was embedded in a population-based prospective cohort study among 5636 women. We obtained prepregnancy body mass index and maximum weight gain during pregnancy by questionnaires. We measured concentrations of saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-6 PUFA) at a median gestational age of 20.5 (95 % range 17.1-24.9) weeks. We used multivariate linear regression models. As compared to normal weight women, obese women had higher total SFA concentrations [difference: 0.10 standard deviation (SD) (95 % Confidence Interval (CI) 0, 0.19)] and lower total n-3 PUFA concentrations [difference: - 0.11 SD (95 % CI - 0.20, - 0.02)]. As compared to women with sufficient gestational weight gain, those with excessive gestational weight gain had higher SFA concentrations [difference: 0.16 SD (95 % CI 0.08, 0.25)], MUFA concentrations [difference: 0.16 SD (95 % CI 0.08, 0.24)] and n-6 PUFA concentrations [difference: 0.12 SD (95 % CI 0.04, 0.21)]. These results were not materially affected by adjustment for maternal characteristics. Our results suggest that obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy are associated with an adverse fatty acids profile. Further studies are needed to assess causality and direction of the observed associations.
Effects of birth weight and maternal dietary fat source on the fatty acid profile of piglet tissue; This study aimed to investigate the effects and possible interactions of birth weight and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation of the maternal diet on the fatty acid status of different tissues of newborn piglets. These effects are of interest as both parameters have been associated with pre-weaning mortality. Sows were fed a palm oil diet or a diet containing 1% linseed, echium or fish oil from day 73 of gestation. As fish oil becomes a scarce resource, linseed and echium oil were supplemented as sustainable alternatives, adding precursor fatty acids for DHA to the diet. At birth, the lightest and heaviest male piglet per litter were killed and samples from liver, brain and muscle were taken for fatty acid analysis. Piglets that died pre-weaning had lower birth weights than piglets surviving lactation (1.27 +/- 0.04 v. 1.55 +/- 0.02 kg; P < 0.001), but no effect of diet on mortality was found. Lower DHA concentrations were observed in the brain of the lighter piglets compared with their heavier littermates (9.46 +/- 0.05 v. 9.63 +/- 0.04 g DHA/100 g fatty acids; P = 0.008), suggesting that the higher incidence of pre-weaning mortality in low birth weight piglets may be related to their lower brain DHA status. Adding n-3 PUFA to the sow diet could not significantly reduce this difference in DHA status, although numerically the difference in the brain DHA concentration between the piglet weight groups was smaller when fish oil was included in the sow diet. Independent of birth weight, echium or linseed oil in the sow diet increased the DHA concentration of the piglet tissues to the same extent, but the concentrations were not as high as when fish oil was fed.
Fish consumption is associated with a decreased risk of death among adults with diabetes: 18-year follow-up of a national cohort; Background: There is a paucity of studies examining the beneficial effects of fish consumption on cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among adults with diabetes, who experience a substantially high risk of CVDs.
One-generation reproductive toxicity study of DHA-rich oil in rats; Polyunsaturated fatty acids, including docosahexacnoic acid (DHA), are natural constituents of the human diet. DHA-algal oil is produced through the use of the marine protist, Ulkenia sp. The reproductive toxicity of DHA-algal oil was assessed in a one-generation study. Rats were provided diets containing DHA-algal oil at concentrations of 1.5, 3.0, or 7.5%, and the control group received a diet containing 7.5% corn oil. Males and females were treated for 10 weeks prior to mating and during mating. Females continued to receive test diets during gestation and lactation. In parental animals, clinical observations, mortality, fertility, and reproductive performance were unaffected by treatment. Differences in food consumption, body weight, and liver weight in the treated groups were not considered to be due to an adverse effect of DHA-algal oil. Spleen weight increases in treated animals were associated with extramedullary hematopoiesis. Yellow discoloration of abdominal adipose tissue was observed in rats from the high-dose group, and histological examination revealed steatitis in all treated parental groups. Exposure to DHA-algal oil did not influence the physical development of F, animals. These results demonstrate that DHA-algal oil at dietary concentrations of up to 7.5% in rats does not affect reproductive capacity or pup development. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Oxidized fish oil in rat pregnancy causes high newborn mortality and increases maternal insulin resistance; Fish oil is commonly taken by pregnant women, and supplements sold at retail are often oxidized. Using a rat model, we aimed to assess the effects of supplementation with oxidized fish oil during pregnancy in mothers and offspring, focusing on newborn viability and maternal insulin sensitivity. Female rats were allocated to a control or high-fat diet and then mated. These rats were subsequently randomized to receive a daily gavage treatment of 1 ml of unoxidized fish oil, a highly oxidized fish oil, or control (water) throughout pregnancy. At birth, the gavage treatment was stopped, but the same maternal diets were fed ad libitum throughout lactation. Supplementation with oxidized fish oil during pregnancy had a marked adverse effect on newborn survival at day 2, leading to much greater odds of mortality than in the control (odds ratio 8.26) and unoxidized fish oil (odds ratio 13.70) groups. In addition, maternal intake of oxidized fish oil during pregnancy led to increased insulin resistance at the time of weaning (3 wks after exposure) compared with control dams (HOMA-IR 2.64 vs. 1.42; P = 0.044). These data show that the consumption of oxidized fish oil is harmful in rat pregnancy, with deleterious effects in both mothers and offspring.
Potential intervention target of atherosclerosis: Ferroptosis; Atherosclerosis (AS) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the blood vessels, which is mainly characterized by the form of atherosclerotic plaques and vascular endothelial injury. Its formation involves abnormal lipid metabolism, oxidative stress and inflammation, as well as other processes. AS is the direct cause of various acute cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, such as acute myocardial infarction and acute ischemic stroke. Early intervention in the atherosclerotic inflammatory process and lesion progression is beneficial, and has been associated with the primary prevention of a range of related diseases. Ferroptosis is a non-apoptotic form of cell death different from cell necrosis and autophagy, which has been shown to participate in atherogenesis and atherosclerotic progression through numerous signaling pathways. The main characteristic of ferroptosis is the formation of high levels of cellular iron catalytic free radicals, unsaturated fatty acid accumulation and iron-induced lipid reactive oxygen species accumulation, which can cause oxidative stress, and subsequent DNA, protein and lipid damage. There are numerous hypotheses about the pathogenesis of AS. At present, it has been suggested that ferroptosis can accelerate the progression of AS and that inflammation is associated with the whole process of AS. The mechanisms and signaling pathways related to the involvement of neuroinflammation and ferroptosis in the progression of AS, and therapeutic targets associated with ferroptosis have not yet been elucidated. The present review article evaluated the involvement of ferroptosis in the progression of AS from the perspectives of ferroptotic cell death, the pathogenesis of AS and nervous system inflammation, with the aim of exploring new therapeutic targets for AS.
A predictor of atheroma progression in patients achieving very low levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; An aggressive reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) with statins produces regression or stabilization of coronary artery plaques. However, after achieving very low levels of LDL-C, atheroma regression is not observed in all patients. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the determinants of atheroma progression despite achieving very low levels of LDL-C. The effects of 8-month statin therapy on coronary atherosclerosis were evaluated using virtual histology intravascular ultrasound in the TRUTH study. Of these, 33 patients who achieved an on-treatment LDL-C level of <70 mg/dl were divided into 2 groups according to increase in plaque volume (progressors, n=16) or decrease in plaque volume (regressors, n=17) during an 8-month follow-up period. At the 8-month follow-up, serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B levels were significantly lower in progressors than in regressors; however, significant increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein AI and decreases in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and oxidized LDL were observed only in regressors. The changes in the n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratios significantly differed between the 2 groups. Multivariate regression analysis showed that a decrease in the eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratio was a significant predictor associated with atheroma progression (beta= -0.512, p=0.004). In conclusions, n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratios affected coronary artery plaque progression and regression in patients who achieved very low levels of LDL-C during statin therapy.
The Secrets of the Mediterranean Diet. Does [Only] Olive Oil Matter?; Diet plays a key role in the maintenance and optimal functioning of immune cells. The Mediterranean dietary pattern is an example of a prudent choice of lifestyle and scientifically accepted to help preserve human health by protecting against major chronic and inflammatory diseases. Mediterranean diets (MedDiets) are characteristically high in the consumption of fruits, vegetables and salad, bread and whole grain cereals, potatoes, legumes/beans, nuts, and seeds. Their common central feature is the usage of olive oil as the main source of fat. The health benefits attributed to olive oil are specifically related to extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) intake with its high nutritional quality and multiple positive effects on health. Overall, MedDiets have direct (mono-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), tocopherols, polyphenols) and indirect (low saturated fats, well-balanced linoleic/alpha linolenic acid) effects on the immune system and inflammatory responses. In the present paper, we summarize the current knowledge on the effect of olive oil per se and MedDiets generally on immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases, such as coronary heart disease (CHD)/cardiovascular diseases (CVD), obesity, type-2 diabetes, cancer, asthma, and allergies.
A high-fat diet and the threonine-encoding allele (Thr54) polymorphism of fatty acid-binding protein 2 reduce plasma triglyceride-rich lipoproteins; The threonine-encoding allele (Thr54) of the fatty acid binding protein 2 (FABP2) DNA polymorphism is associated with increased triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins (TRL). We hypothesized that the TRL response to diets of varied fat content is affected by the FABP2 A54T polymorphism, specifically that a high-fat diet would reduce TRL and that the Thr54 allele would have an enhanced response. Sixteen healthy, postmenopausal women completed a crossover dietary intervention that included three 8-week, isoenergetic diet treatments. The treatments consisted of high fat (40% of energy as fat), low fat (20% of energy), and low fat + n-3 fatty acids (20% of energy plus 3% as n-3 fatty acids). Eight subjects were homozygous for the wild type (Ala54/Ala54) of the FABP2 polymorphism, whereas 8 subjects had at least 1 Thr54 allele (7, Ala54/Thr54; I, Thr54/Thr54). High-fat diet showed significantly reduced plasma TGs, chylomicron TG, and very low-density lipoprotein TG from baseline in all participants. Although carriers of the Thr54 allele of the FABP2 polymorphism had significantly reduced TRL, there is no evidence of an interaction, which does not support Our hypothesis. The alanine-encoding allele did not influence the dietary effects on the plasma lipids. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal Seafood Consumption during Pregnancy and Cardiovascular Health of Children at 11 Years of Age; Nutrition is critical during pregnancy for the healthy growth of the developing infant, who is fully dependent on maternal dietary omega-3 supply for development. Fatty fish, a main dietary source of omega-3, is associated with decreased cardiovascular risk in adults. We conducted a longitudinal study based on a mother-offspring cohort as part of the project Infancia y Medio Ambiente (INMA) in order to assess whether fish intake during pregnancy relates to cardiovascular health in children. A total of 657 women were included and followed throughout pregnancy until birth, and their children were enrolled at birth and followed up until age 11-12. A semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess the daily intake of foods during the 1st and 3rd trimesters of pregnancy. Cardiovascular assessments included arterial stiffness (assessed by carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and retinal microcirculation (photographic assessment of central retinal arteriolar and venular equivalent [CRAE and CRVE]). The association between maternal fish consumption and cardiovascular outcomes of offspring at 11 years of age was evaluated using multivariable linear regression models. There were no statistically significant differences in any cardiovascular endpoint in children whose mothers had a higher fish consumption during pregnancy compared to those with a lower fish consumption. We found a slightly higher PWV (beta = 0.1, 95% CI = 0.0; 0.2, p for trend = 0.047) in children whose mothers had a higher consumption of canned tuna during the 1st trimester of pregnancy. Fish intake during pregnancy was found to be unrelated to the offspring's cardiovascular health at 11 years of age. The beneficial cardiovascular effects of fish consumption during pregnancy on the offspring are still inconclusive.
Microalgal Fatty Acids and Their Implication in Health and Disease; Background: The fatty acids of seed plants and microalgae stored in triglyceride are all produced in the plastid and incorporated into triglycerides by a complex biochemical exchange between the plastid envelope and the endoplasmic reticulum. The oils of seed plants provide the basis for vegetal fat production and the microalgal fats represent an important part of the basal food web of the marine environment. The health-promoting properties of these various sources of fats and in particular the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids of marine microalgae are widely recognized. The omega-3 fatty acids are known to have benefits on health and disease. Indeed, alpha-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) are linked to the regulation of mechanisms involved in numerous biological functions associated with cardiovascular disease and cancer prevention. Most EPA and DHA sources for human nutrition are provided by decreasing global stocks of fish. This is one of the reasons why industrial research has been directed towards more sustainable sources of these "marine" lipids. The synthesis of fatty acids and triglycerides are in many respects similar in higher plants and marine algae, but there are also important differences.
Total Phenolic, Flavonoid, Fatty Acid Contents and Cytotoxic, Antioxidant, and Antimicrobial Activities of <i>Hedysarum aucheri</i>; In vitro cytotoxic, antioxidant, and antimicrobial activities along with total phenolic and flavonoid contents of methanol, hexane, dichloromethane, butanol, and aqueous extracts and chemical composition and fatty acids of n-hexane extract from endemic Hedysarum aucheri were determined. The fatty acid content of the n-hexane extract was determined by GC-MS analysis. Twenty-four out of 39 compounds identified as fatty acid methyl esters constitute 84.20% of hexane extract content. Five of 6 major components were fatty acids, namely alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) (32.37%), palmitic acid (24.69%), linoleic acid (LA) (9.16%), stearic acid (7.11%), Arachidic acid (3.14%), and the other one was an acyclic diterpene alcohol called phytol (12.01%). Butanol extract was found to be the richest in flavonoid (66.3 +/- 1.3 mg QU/g DW) and phenolic (122.4 +/- 1.6 mg GAE/g DW) compounds. Antioxidant activities of the extracts were evaluated by Cupric-ionreducing antioxidant capacity (CUPRAC), and ABTS radical scavenging capacity. Butanol extract showed the highest antioxidant activity indicating a strong correlation between flavonoid/phenolic content and antioxidant activity. Also, cytotoxic activities of the extracts were evaluated against a panel of cancer cells (PC3, HeLa, CaCo-2, U-87MG, A549, and MCF-7) and normal cell line HEK293. Dichloromethane extract (DCM) exhibited exceptionally high tumor selective cytotoxicity towards cancer cells with IC50 values varying between 0.64 and 24 mu g/mL while not impairing the normal cells. DCM extract was found to possess higher cytotoxic activity towards the tested cancer cells than some anticancer drugs reported in the literature. Also, antimicrobial activities of the extracts were determined by agar disc diffusion and the micro-dilution methods against a series of microorganisms and hexane extract showed the highest antimicrobial activity. We hereby report both the pharmaceutical potential of H. aucheri concerning its various biological activities and the phytochemical composition regarding its total flavonoid, phenolic, and fatty acid content.
Effect of different antilipidemic agents and diets on mortality - A systematic review; Background: Guidelines for the prevention and treatment of hyperlipidemia are often based on trials using combined clinical end points. Mortality data are the most reliable data to assess efficacy of interventions. We aimed to assess efficacy and safety of different lipid-lowering interventions based on mortality data.
Meta-analysis Comparing Combined Use of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Statin to Statin Alone; Role of omega-3-Fatty acids, especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in reducing cardiovascular events is not clear. We conducted a meta-analysis including trial sequential analysis (TSA) of all available randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the impact of EPA + statin on cardiovascular risk reduction. The aim is to appraise cardiovascular risk reduction with EPA and statin taken together. A comprehensive search of PubMed and EMBASE databases was conducted for all RCTs that compared EPA + Statin versus statin alone and included outcomes related to cardiovascular health. We calculated a comprehensive odds ratio (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a random effects model. We included 5 RCTs totaling 27,415 patients. Our results demonstrated that EPA + statin resulted in 18% reduction in the incidence of MACE (OR = 0.78; 95% CI: 0.65 to 0.93, I-2 = 54%, p value < 0.01) and 30% reduction in myocardial infarction (MI) (OR = 0.71; 95% CI: 0.61 to 0.82, I-2 = 0% p value < 0.01) as compared with statin alone. With respect to MACE, the number needed to treat was 49. The statistical significance for reduction in the incidence of MACE with EPA+ statin was further augmented with trial sequential analysis. However, combined therapy of EPA + statin demonstrated no significant association on incidence of stroke when compared with statin alone or all cause mortality. In conclusion, this meta-analysis demonstrated that EPA significantly reduced the incidence of MACE when combined with statin therapy, which is mainly driven by a significant reduction in myocardial infarction. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet, a new target to prevent depression?; Background: Research on the role of diet in the prevention of depression is scarce. Some evidence suggests that depression shares common mechanisms with cardiovascular disease.
PEER simplified lipid guideline 2023 update Prevention and management of cardiovascular disease in primary care; Objective To update the 2015 clinical practice guideline and provide a simplified approach to lipid management in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) for primary care.Methods Following the Institute of Medicine's Clinical Practice Guidelines We Can Trust, a multidisciplinary, pan-Canadian guideline panel was formed. This panel was represented by primary care providers, free from conflicts of interest with industry, and included the patient perspective. A separate scientific evidence team performed evidence reviews on statins, ezetimibe, proprotein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 inhibitors, fibrates, bile acid sequestrants, niacin, and omega-3 supplements (docosahexaenoic acid with eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] or EPA ethyl ester alone [icosapent]), as well as on 11 supplemental questions. Recommendations were finalized by the guideline panel through use of the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation methodology.Recommendations All recommendations are presented in a patient-centred manner designed with the needs of family physicians and other primary care providers in mind. Many recommendations are similar to those published in 2015. Statins remain first-line therapy for both primary and secondary CVD prevention, and the Mediterranean diet and physical activity are recommended to reduce cardiovascular risk (primary and secondary prevention). The guideline panel recommended against using lipoprotein a, apolipoprotein B, or coronary artery calcium levels when assessing cardiovascular risk, and recommended against targeting specific lipid levels. The team also reviewed new evidence pertaining to omega-3 fatty acids (including EPA ethyl ester [icosapent]) and proprotein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 inhibitors, and outlined when to engage in informed shared decision making with patients on interventions to lower cardiovascular risk.Conclusion These updated evidence-based guidelines provide a simplified approach to lipid management for the prevention and management of CVD. These guidelines were created by and for primary health care professionals and their patients.
Towards more specific treatment for diabetic dyslipidemia; Purpose of reviewTreatment of diabetic dyslipidemia is necessary because of its impact on cardiovascular disease, which is the leading cause of death in patients with diabetes. In the past, standard treatment of diabetic dyslipidemia focused only on correcting lipids. Although this remains the mainstay of treatment, because new antihyperglycemic treatments reduce cardiovascular events with minimal effect on dyslipidemia, a new approach is both timely and relevant.Recent findingsLDL-lowering remains the focus of treatment for diabetic dyslipidemia, especially in patients with both diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Higher intensity statin therapy or lower LDL cholesterol goals are recommended in these patients. Combination therapy, especially with ezetimibe, fibrates, bile acid sequestrants, PCSK9 inhibitors and omega 3 fatty acids should be considered along with selected new agents to reduce glycemia.SummaryAs diabetic dyslipidemia plays a key role in CVD, aggressive treatment is indicated. New research targets include apo-CIII and lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)]. In addition, new antihyperglycemic therapy is changing diabetes care and altering treatment guidelines. The most recent American Diabetes Association Standards of Care has expanded its recommendations for people with CVD and diabetes, suggesting that medications validated to improve cardiac health should be strongly considered.
Lipid Emulsions in Sepsis and SIRS; SIRS and sepsis are diseases with alternating hyper-and hypo-inflammatory phases in spite of major advances in intensive care medicine being associated with high rates of mortality. Lipid emulsions are the mainstay of nutrional therapy as septic patients often present with the need for parenteral nutrition and their metabolic response has changed to the oxidation of lipids. Lipid emulsions have a massive impact of the immune system of septic patients next to their function of serving as caloric support and building blocks for the cell membrane. Infusion of LCTbased emulsions may either increase the immunosuppression or hyper-inflammation in septic patients. A possible reason for this is the increased supply and availability of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The use of LCT/MCT-or olive oil-based emulsions may be an option to reduce the supply of polyunsaturated fatty acids. N-3 fatty acids are alternative precursors for the synthesis of prostaglandins, thromboxane, and leukotrienes; their integration into infusion therapy offers the advantage of reducing n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the used emulsions. A further benefit is the shift of the n-6/n-3 ratio to a more immuno-neutral proportion. Both changes may be of benefit for the parenteral nutrition of septic patients.
Individual omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acids and mortality-The Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study; BACKGROUND: The association of polyunsaturated omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids with mortality has been extensively studied. Far less is known about the association of omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acids (omega-9 MUFA) with mortality.
Dietary Intervention for Preventing Colorectal Cancer: A Practical Guide for Physicians; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a disease with high prevalence and mortality. Estimated preventability for CRC is approximately 50%, indicating that altering modifiable factors, including diet and body weight, can reduce CRC risk. There is strong evidence that di-etary factors including whole grains, high-fiber, red and processed meat, and alcohol can affect the risk of CRC. An alternative strategy for preventing CRC is use of a chemopreventive supplement that provides higher individual exposure to nutrients than what can be obtained from the diet. These include calcium, vitamin D, folate, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and phytochemicals. Several intervention trials have shown that these dietary chemopreventives have positive protective effects on development and progression CRC. Research on chemoprevention with phytochemicals that possess anti-inflammatory and/or, anti-oxidative prop-erties is still in the preclinical phase. Intentional weight loss by bariatric surgery has not been effective in decreasing long-term CRC risk. Physicians should perform dietary education for patients who are at high risk of cancer for changing their dietary habits and behaviour. An increased understanding of the role of individual nutrients linked to the intestinal micro-environment and stages of carcinogenesis would facilitate the development of the best nutritional formulations for preventing CRC.
Microalgae in Human Nutrition: Reasonable Future Prospects?; Microalgae are microscopic small photosynthetic organisms found in aquatic environments. They contain a variety of nutrients, including proteins, carbohydrates, carotenoids, vitamins, minerals and fatty acids. Nowadays, especially the green algae Chlorella and the cyanobacterium Arthrospira are found in food.
Comparison of mechanism and functional effects of magnesium and statin pharmaceuticals; Since Mg2+-ATP is the controlling factor for the rate-limiting enzyme in the cholesterol biosynthesis sequence that is targeted by the statin pharmaceutical drugs, comparison of the effects of Mg2+ on lipoproteins with those of the statin drugs is warranted. Formation of cholesterol in blood, as well as of cholesterol required in hormone synthesis, and membrane maintenance, is achieved in a series of enzymatic reactions that convert HMG-CoA to cholesterol. The rate-limiting reaction of this pathway is the enzymatic conversion of HMG CoA to mevalonate via HMG CoA. The statins and Mg inhibit that enzyme. Large trials have consistently shown that statins, taken by subjects with high LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) values, lower its blood levels 35 to 65%. They also reduce the incidence of heart attacks, angina and other nonfatal cardiac events, as well as cardiac, stroke, and total mortality. These effects of statins derive less from their lowering of LDL-C than from their reduction of mevalonate formation which improves endothelial function, inhibits proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells and macrophages, promotes plaque stabilization and regression, and reduces inflammation, Mg has effects that parallel those of statins. For example, the enzyme that deactivates HMG-CoA Reductase requires Mg, making Mg a Reductase controller rather than inhibitor. Mg is also necessary for the activity of lecithin cholesterol acyl transferase (LCAT), which lowers LDL-C and triglyceride levels and raises HDL-C levels. Desaturase is another Mg-dependent enzyme involved in lipid metabolism which statins do not directly affect. Desaturase catalyzes the first step in conversion of essential fatty acids (omega-3 linoleic acid and omega-6 linolenic acid) into prostaglandins, important in cardiovascular and overall health. Mg at optimal cellular concentration is well accepted as a natural calcium channel blocker. More recent work shows that Mg also acts as a statin.
Dietary and Physiological Factors Affecting Lipid Metabolism and Cardiovascular Risk; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. The risk of developing CVD is associated with an unhealthy lifestyle. A high level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C) is a primary risk factor for ASCVD. However, even if the LDL-C management target has been achieved, hypertriglyceridemia and a high level of total cholesterol minus high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (non-HDL-C), which contains cholesterol concentrations of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, are considered a significant residual risk factor for ASCVD and consequently the management of these conditions is important for controlling the residual risk for ASCVD.
Role of C-reactive protein in cardiovascular disease; Objective: To discuss the role of C-reactive protein (CRP) in cardiovascular disease as a predictor of vascular events and identify key factors that increase or decrease this inflammatory marker.
Cardiovascular risk and dyslipidemia among persons living with HIV: a review; Background: Aim of this review is to focus the attention on people living with HIV infection at risk of developing a cardiovascular event. What is or what would be the most suitable antiretroviral therapy? Which statin or fibrate to reduce the risk? How to influence behavior and lifestyles?
Repression of cellular anaplerosis as the hypothesized mechanism of gamma-linolenic acid-induced toxicity to tumor cells; In in vitro cultures, the cell is virtually isolated and can no longer rely on mechanisms for physiological regulation of substrate availability found in tissues. More emphasis is laid on utilization of preponderant substrate in a proposed reciprocal relationship between glycolysis and free fatty acid (FFA) oxidation for energy. Supraphysiological concentrations of gamma -linolenic acid and some other polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) therefore suppress glycolysis but also inhibit FFA oxidation initiated through a cytochrome P450-mediated epoxidation of PUFA to inhibit fatty acid synthase (FAS) activity. FAS inhibition accumulates malonyl CoA which inhibits carnitine palmitoyl transferase I and prevents FFA oxidation. The cell is starved of energy and anabolic intermediates, leading to decreased proliferation or death for tumor cells. Tumor cells are more vulnerable to this induced toxicity due to possession of specific phenotypes of elevated expression for FAS and pyruvate kinase, type M2, both factors inducing tumor cell apoptosis on inhibition. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
N-3 vs. saturated fatty acids: Effects on the arterial wall; Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of death worldwide. Atherosclerosis and unstable plaques are underlying causes for cardiovascular diseases. Cardiovascular disease is associated with consumption of diets high in saturated fats. In contrast there is increasing evidence that higher intakes of dietary n-3 fatty acids decrease risk for cardiovascular disease. Recent studies are beginning to clarify how n-3 compared with saturated fatty acids influence cardiovascular disease risk via pathways in the arterial wall. In this paper we will review studies that report on mechanisms whereby dietary fatty acids affect atherosclerosis through modulation of arterial wall lipid deposition, inflammation, cell proliferation, and plaque vulnerability. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Assessment of the impact of fibrates and diet on survival and their cost-effectiveness: Evidence from randomized, controlled trials in coronary heart disease and health economic evaluations; The fibrates are one of several classes of lipid-reducing agents commonly prescribed to reduce hypercholesterolemia a and prevent coronary heart disease. In today's evidence-based, cost-conscious health care environment, interventions promoted by policymakers must provide clear clinical benefits and economic value. We assessed the evidence regarding the impact of fibrates and diet on survival and the cost-effectiveness of these interventions. A literature search was conducted for randomized, controlled trials of diet, fibrates, and heart disease that were published after 1971; both primary and secondary prevention clinical trials were reviewed, and recent literature reviews and meta-analyses were searched. The evidence that diet alone improves survival is poor, although specifically in-creasing intake of polyunsaturated fatty acid (including n-3 fatty acids) relative to saturated fatty acid intake may provide some clinical benefit in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. The cost-effectiveness of dietary intervention is also questionable because compliance is extremely poor. There is no consistent evidence from primary or secondary prevention trials that fibrates improve survival; in fact, fibrates may increase the risk of death from noncoronary causes. No consistent data suggest that fibrates are a cost-effective therapy. Because diet and fibrates do not appear to improve survival or provide value, policymakers should promote the use of alternative drug interventions that have consistently been proved to reduce mortality and are cost-effective.
Long chain fatty acids in health and nutrition; The typical western diet which is low in long chain omega-3 fatty acids and high in long chain omega-6 fatty acids may not supply the appropriate balance for optimal metabolism. The imbalance is believed to cause a variety of disease symptoms ranging from cardiovascular disease, hypertension, inflammatory and auto-immune disorders, depression and disrupted neurological functions. In the area of cardiovascular disease new research on arrhythmias is exciting and shows that application of omega-3 fatty acids can produce rapid results. In addition omega-3 fatty acids are showing benefits in preventing restenosis following angioplasty in approximately half of the reported studies. Significant research in infant nutrition indicates that long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are ''conditionally essential'' for growth and development. Adequate intake of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) is critical during pregnancy, lactation and infancy for proper development of the fetus and infant. Premature babies are particularly at risk for inadequacies. Thus, many specialist groups are recommending that infant formulas include long chain fatty acids at levels matching breast milk. Recommendations by many academic and governmental bodies propose that daily intakes on long chain omega-3 fatty acids be increased as a step in reducing certain chronic diseases.
Eicosapentaenoic acid inhibits oxidation of high density lipoprotein particles in a manner distinct from docosahexaenoic acid; The omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduces oxidation of ApoB-containing particles in vitro and in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. EPA may produce these effects through a potent antioxidant mechanism, which may facilitate LDL clearance and slow plaque progression. We hypothesize that EPA antioxidant effects may extend to ApoA-containing particles like HDL, potentially preserving certain atheroprotective functions. HDL was isolated from human plasma and incubated at 37 degrees C in the absence (vehicle) or presence of EPA and/or DHA; 5.0 or 10.0 mu M each. Samples were then subjected to copper-induced oxidation (10 mu M). HDL oxidation was inhibited similarly by EPA and DHA up to 1 h. EPA (10 mu M) maintained significant HDL oxidation inhibition of 89% (0.622 +/- 0.066 IN MDA; p < .001) at 4 h, with continued inhibition of 64% at 14 h, vs. vehicle (5.65 +/- 0.06 to 2.01 +/- 0.10 mu M MDA; p < .001). Conversely, DHA (10 mu M) antioxidant benefit was lost by 4 h. At a lower concentration (5 mu M), EPA antioxidant activity remained at 81% (5.53 +/- 0.15 to 1.03 +/- 0.10 mu M MDA; p <.001) at 6 h, while DHA lost all antioxidant activity by 4 h. The antioxidant activity of EPA was preserved when combined with an equimolar concentration of DHA (5 mu M each). EPA pretreatment prevented HDL oxidation in a dose dependent manner that was preserved over time. These results suggest unique lipophilic and electron stabilization properties for EPA as compared to DHA with respect to inhibition of HDL oxidation. These antioxidant effects of EPA may enhance certain atheroprotective functions for HDL (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
CYP2E1 overexpression alters hepatocyte death from menadione and fatty acids by activation of ERK1/2 signaling; Chronic oxidative stress induced by overexpression of the cytochrome P450 isoform 2E1 (CYP2E1) has been implicated in hepatocyte injury and death. However, the mechanism by which CYP2E1 overexpression may promote cell death is unknown. Acute oxidative stress activates mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK), suggesting that chronic oxidant generation by CYP2E1 may regulate cellular responses through these signaling pathways. The effect of CYP2E1 overexpression on MAPK activation and their function in altering death responses of CYP2E1-overexpressing hepatocytes were investigated. Chronic CYP2E1 overexpression led to increased extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) activation constitutively and in response to oxidant stress from the superoxide generator menadione. CYP2E1-overexpressing cells were resistant to menadione toxicity through an ERK1/2-dependent mechanism. Similar to menadione, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid (AA) induced an increased activation of ERK1/2 in hepatocytes that overexpressed CYP2E1. However, CYP2E1-overexpressing cells were sensitized to necrotic death from AA and the PUFA gamma-linolenic acid, but not from saturated or monounsaturated fatty acids. Death from PUFA resulted from oxidative stress and was blocked by inhibition of ERK1/2, but not p38 MAPK or activator protein-1 signaling. CYP2E1 expression induced ERK1/2 activation through increased epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)/c-Raf signaling. Inhibition of EGFR signaling reversed CYP2E1-induced resistance to menadione and sensitization to AA toxicity. In conclusion, chronic CYP2E1 overexpression leads to sustained ERK1/2 activation mediated by EGFR/c-Raf signaling. This adaptive response in hepatocytes exposed to chronic oxidative stress confers differential effects on cellular survival, protecting against menadione-induced apoptosis, but sensitizing to necrotic death from PUFA.
Impact of DHA on Metabolic Diseases from Womb to Tomb; Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) are important mediators in improving and maintaining human health over the total lifespan. One topic we especially focus on in this review is omega-3 LC-PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Adequate DHA levels are essential during neurodevelopment and, in addition, beneficial in cognitive processes throughout life. We review the impact of DHA on societal relevant metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, obesity, and diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM). All of these are risk factors for cognitive decline and dementia in later life. DHA supplementation is associated with a reduced incidence of both stroke and atherosclerosis, lower bodyweight and decreased T2DM prevalence. These findings are discussed in the light of different stages in the human life cycle: childhood, adolescence, adulthood and in later life. From this review, it can be concluded that DHA supplementation is able to inhibit pathologies like obesity and cardiovascular disease. DHA could be a dietary protector against these metabolic diseases during a person's entire lifespan. However, supplementation of DHA in combination with other dietary factors is also effective. The efficacy of DHA depends on its dose as well as on the duration of supplementation, sex, and age.
A quantitative analysis of fish consumption and coronary heart disease mortality; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of fish consumption on coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI). Other papers quantify stroke risk and the impacts of both prenatal MeHg exposure and maternal intake of n-3 PUFAs on cognitive development.
Acrolein cytotoxicity and glutathione depletion in n-3 fatty acid sensitive- and resistant human tumor cells; Acrolein is a highly reactive unsaturated aldehyde formed endogenously and present in the environment. Acrolein efficiently reduces glutathione-contents and is highly cytotoxic in two lung carcinoma cell lines (A-427 and SK-LU-1) and the glioblastoma cell line A-172. A-427, which has the lowest GSH content of the cell lines, is also more sensitive to growth inhibition and more depleted in GSH after acrolein exposure. A 427 is also highly sensitive to docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 n-3, DHA) and acrolein potentiates the cytotoxic effect of DHA in this cell line, but not in the DHA-resistant cell lines SK-LU-1 and A-172. Surprisingly, the cytotoxic effect of acrolein was partially reversed by vitamin E, selenite and 2-phenyl-1,2-benzisoselenazol-3(2H) -one (ebselen, a Se-glutathione peroxidase mimic) in A-427 cells, bur not in SK-LU-1 and A-172 cells. Using the TUNEL assay a strong nuclear fluorescence was observed in DHA-treated A-427 cells, indicating death by apoptosis, whereas acrolein apparently did not induce apoptosis.
CARDIAC-ARRHYTHMIA IN RATS IN RESPONSE TO DIETARY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS FROM RED MEAT, FISH-OIL AND CANOLA OIL; In the first of two experiments, the incidence and duration of cardiac arrhythmia was significantly less in rats fed fish oil containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) than in rats fed sheep fat. The phospholipid of red meat contains EPA to some extent and its concentration can be raised by feeding fish oil to beef cattle, but the amount present in diets containing red meat or red meat from animals fed fish oil was apparently insufficient to reduce arrhythmia in rats. The rate of mortality was significantly less also in fish oil fed rats. In a second experiment, arrhythmia was significantly reduced again with fish oil but in this case in the presence of red meat. A similar result was obtained with canola oil fed with meat. Both the canola oil and fish oil diets significantly reduced the rate of mortality. The amount of red meat present in the diet had no significant effect.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Lutein/Zeaxanthin, or Other Nutrient Supplementation on Cognitive Function The AREDS2 Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Observational data have suggested that high dietary intake of saturated fat and low intake of vegetables may be associated with increased risk of Alzheimer disease.
The Lipid Mediator Protectin D1 Inhibits Influenza Virus Replication and Improves Severe Influenza; Influenza A viruses are a major cause of mortality. Given the potential for future lethal pandemics, effective drugs are needed for the treatment of severe influenza such as that caused by H5N1 viruses. Using mediator lipidomics and bioactive lipid screen, we report that the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-derived lipid mediator protectin D1 (PD1) markedly attenuated influenza virus replication via RNA export machinery. Production of PD1 was suppressed during severe influenza and PD1 levels inversely correlated with the pathogenicity of H5N1 viruses. Suppression of PD1 was genetically mapped to 12/15-lipoxygenase activity. Importantly, PD1 treatment improved the survival and pathology of severe influenza in mice, even under conditions where known antiviral drugs fail to protect from death. These results identify the endogenous lipid mediator PD1 as an innate suppressor of influenza virus replication that protects against lethal influenza virus infection.
Early modifications of fatty acid composition in plasma phospholipids, platelets and mononucleates of healthy volunteers after low doses of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Objectives. Although previous data suggested that only doses of 4 g/day or higher of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have had a beneficial effect in the prevention of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases, the GISSI-Prevenzione Study in a 3-year trial showed that 1 g/day reduced total and cardiovascular mortality in over 11,000 post-infarction patients. The aim of this study was to investigate the time course and the extent of incorporation of n-3 fatty acids in plasma and blood cells after 1 g/day of n-3 PUFA, the dose effective in the GISSI-Prevenzione in comparison with higher doses.
Host cell-specific metabolism of linoleic acid controls <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i> growth in cell culture; The obligate intracellular parasite Toxoplasma gondii can infect and replicate in any warm-blooded cell tested to date, but much of our knowledge about T. gondii cell biology comes from just one host cell type: human foreskin fibroblasts (HFFs). To expand our knowledge of host-parasite lipid interactions, we studied T. gondii in intestinal epithelial cells, the first site of host-parasite contact following oral infection and the exclusive site of parasite sexual development in feline hosts. We found that highly metabolic Caco-2 cells are permissive to T. gondii growth even when treated with high levels of linoleic acid (LA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) that kills parasites in HFFs. Caco-2 cells appear to sequester LA away from the parasite, preventing membrane disruptions and lipotoxicity that characterize LA-induced parasite death in HFFs. Our work is an important step toward understanding host-parasite interactions in feline intestinal epithelial cells, an understudied but important cell type in the T. gondii life cycle.
Human blood metabolites and lacunar stroke: A Mendelian randomization study; Background: Lacunar stroke accounts for a quarter of all strokes, but little is known about the underlying pathological mechanisms. Analysis of serum metabolites may allow better understanding of the underlying biological processes. Mendelian randomization (MR) can provide information on the causality of associations. Aims: To identify causal relationships between serum metabolites and lacunar stroke. Methods: We applied a two-sample MR analysis to evaluate relationships between 486 serum metabolites and lacunar stroke. The inverse-variance weighted (IVW) method was used to estimate the causal relationship of the exposure on the outcome, while sensitivity analyses were performed using MR-Egger, weighted median, and MR-PRESSO to eliminate the pleiotropy. We also performed a metabolic pathway analysis to identify potential metabolic pathways. Results: We identified 15 known (8 risk and 7 protective) and 14 unknown serum metabolites associated with lacunar stroke. Among the known risk metabolites, two were lipids (1-linoleoylglycerophosphoethanolamine and dihomo-linolenate (20:3n3 or n6)), five amino acids (kynurenine, isobutyrylcarnitine, aspartate, trans-4-hydroxyproline, and 3-methyl-2-oxovalerate), and one peptide (ADSGEGDFXAEGGGVR). The known protective metabolites included four lipids (4-androsten-3beta,17beta-diol disulfate 1, 1-palmitoleoylglycerophosphocholine, adrenate (22:4n6), and glycodeoxycholate), one amino acid (methionine), and two exogenous metabolites (homostachydrine and 2-methoxyacetaminophen sulfate). Metabolic pathway analysis identified several pathways that might be involved in the disease. Conclusion: We identified eight risk and seven protective human serum metabolites associated with lacunar stroke. Isobutyrylcarnitine was positively associated with an increased risk of lacunar stroke. In addition, 3-methyl-2-oxovalerate and aspartate may be involved in the disease pathogenesis through metabolic pathways.
Dietary fats, fatty acids and insulin resistance: short review of a multifaceted connection; Insulin resistance is a growing worldwide phenomenon, which progressively develops over years, and finally, if unchecked, predisposes to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. Insulin resistance is a generalized metabolic disorder characterized by inefficient insulin function in skeletal muscle, liver and adipocytes. There is growing evidence that an increased free fatty acid level, and more importantly, the relative amounts of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids, plays an important role in the development of insulin resistance. In turn, this is a reflection of the composition of dietary fat. Ultimately both the dietary intake and plasma levels determine the fatty acid composition of cell membranes. Higher levels of membrane saturated fatty acids seem to greatly impair the action of insulin, whereas the presence of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially of the omega-3 and 6 families, and in particular their relative ratio, in contrast, improves insulin sensitivity. In vitro studies, however, have not always corroborated the clinical evidence. Possible roles played by the various saturated and unsaturated fatty acids in the insulin-signaling pathway are discussed in light of recent evidence. Fatty acids have also been shown to alter gene expression in cells, in particular the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma 2 gene, adding to this multifaceted connection.
Plasma fatty acid concentrations in Boxers and Doberman Pinschers; Objective-To compare plasma fatty acid concentrations and the relationships of fatty acids to arrhythmias in Boxers versus Doberman Pinschers.
<i>FADS1</i> and <i>FADS2</i> polymorphism are associated with changes in fatty acid concentrations after calorie-restricted Central European and Mediterranean diets; Objective: In the present study, we tested whether calorie-restricted diets differing in their percentage of energy derived from monounsaturated fatty acids and carbohydrates can affect the metabolism of fatty acids (FAs) in postmenopausal women. Moreover, we examined whether polymorphisms of FADS1 and FADS2 are associated with these changes. Methods: Postmenopausal women (the mean age: 60.5 +/- 5.0 y) were randomized for 16 weeks to two different calorie-restricted diets: a Central European diet (CED) or a Mediterranean diet (MED). Results: After the intervention, levels of most FAs in red blood cells decreased in both groups. The delta values for the 20:1n-9 and the 20:2n-6 levels differed between the CED and the MED (-1.55 +/- 4.02 mu g/mL vs 0.39 +/- 4.11 mu g/mL and -0.62 +/- 10.93 mu g/mL vs 3.06 +/- 8.75 mu g/mL; P < 0.05). Women in the CED group with at least one minor allele of FADS genes had greater decreases of alpha-linolenic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, total n-6, and total PUFA (by approximately 70%, 40%, 35%, and 35%, respectively) than did women with the major alleles. After the intervention, the change in the lipid accumulation product index was -28.28 +/- 27.84 and -32.00 +/- 78.55 in the CED and the MED group, respectively. Conclusions: The effect of the dietary intervention on FA metabolism seems to depend mostly on calorie restriction, but not on type of diet. FADS1 and FADS2 gene polymorphisms can modify the response to the CED.
Randomized controlled trial of gamma-linolenic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid in peripheral arterial disease; Background and Aims: epidemiological studies suggest polyunsaturated fatty acids protect against the development of atherosclerosis. The aim of this study was to perform a randomized controlled trial of gamma-linolenic and eicosapentaenoic acids in patients with lower limb atherosclerosis. Main outcome measures were: cholesterol and lipoprotein concentrations; haemostatic and rheological variables; the ankle brachial pressure index; walking distance; and cardiovascular events and death.
Prediction of cardiovascular mortality in middle-aged men by dietary and serum linoleic and polyunsaturated fatty acids; Background: Substitution of dietary polyunsaturated for saturated fat has long been recommended for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but only a few prospective cohort studies have provided support for this advice.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Therapy of Experimental Ischemic Stroke; We examined the neuroprotective efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 essential fatty acid family member, in acute ischemic stroke; studied the therapeutic window; and investigated whether DHA administration after an ischemic stroke is able to salvage the penumbra. In each series described below, SD rats underwent 2 h of middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo). In series 1, DHA or saline was administered i.v. at 3, 4, 5, or 6 h after stroke. In series 2, MRI was conducted on days 1, 3 and 7. In series 3, DHA or saline was administered at 3 h, and lipidomic analysis was conducted on day 3. Treatment with DHA significantly improved behavior and reduced total infarct volume by a mean of 40% when administered at 3 h, by 66% at 4 h, and by 59% at 5 h. Total lesion volumes computed from T2-weighted images were reduced in the DHA group at all time points. Lipidomic analysis showed that DHA treatment potentiates neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) synthesis in the penumbra 3 days after MCAo. DHA administration provides neurobehavioral recovery, reduces brain infarction and edema, and activates NPD1 synthesis in the penumbra when administered up to 5 h after focal cerebral ischemia in rats.
Evaluating the nutritional status of a lung cancer patient is an important element in patient management; Nutritional status assessment during the comprehensive management of patients treated for cancer is becoming increasingly necessary. Various data are currently available which show a relationship between the nutritional status and certain morbi-mortality parameters. In contrast, there is a paucity of data concerning lung cancer. A relationship between survival and the nutritional status has been found in the literature, exclusively in advanced stages of lung cancer. Unlike that observed in oncological digestive tract surgery, where artificial nutrition is recommended preoperatively in severely malnourished patients, no link has been evidenced between postoperative morbidity and mortality and the preoperative nutritional status in lung surgery. The scientific nutritional societies simply recommend preoperative nutritional assessment. Reflection on management of malnourished patients receiving chemotherapy is still "archaic" and recent studies and recommendations are lacking. Although largely prescribed, oral nutritional supplements have not proven efficient and patient compliance wilt probably have to be improved. According to "good nutrition practice" rules, the digestive tube should be used when it is functional and in theory, enteral nutrition is indicated in this situation. In addition to the tack of clinical studies, one of the obstacles to its use is cultural with the need to obtain not only patient approval but also that of the prescriber. Parenteral nutrition was discredited in earlier studies. It should probably be reevaluated in the context of new chemotherapeutic molecules and a different way of handling nutrition care. The physiological concept of omega-3 fatty acid modulation of inflammation is of interest in animal studies but the clinical modalities of use remain to be defined and determined. The role of nutrition in the management of lung cancer is still very Limited but there are major expectations and many solutions are awaited in the coming years. (C) 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits reserves.
Personalized medicine in lipid-modifying therapy; The choice of lipid-modifying treatment is largely based on the absolute level of cardiovascular risk and baseline lipid profile. Statins are the first-line treatment for most patients requiring reduction of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and ezetimibe and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors can be added to reach LDL-C targets. Statins have some adverse effects that are somewhat predictable based on phenotypic and genetic factors. Fibrates or omega-3 fatty acids can be added if triglyceride levels remain elevated. The RNA-targeted therapeutics in development offer the possibility of selective liver targeting for specific lipoproteins such as lipoprotein(a) and long-term reduction of LDL-C with infrequent administration of a small-interfering RNA may help to overcome the problem of adherence to therapy.
Jacaric acid, a linolenic acid isomer with a conjugated triene system, has a strong antitumor effect <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>; In this study, we compared the cytotoxic effects of natural conjugated linolenic acids (CLnAs) on human adenocarcinoma cells (DLD-1) in vitro, with the goal of finding CLnA isomers with strong cytotoxic effects. The antitumor effect of the CLnA with the strongest cytotoxic effect was then examined in mice. The results showed that all CLnA isomers have strong cytotoxic effects on DLD-1 cells, with jacaric acid (JA) having the strongest effect. Examination of the mechanism of cell death showed that CLnAs induce apoptosis in DLD-1 cells via lipid peroxidation. The intracellular levels of incorporated CLnAs were measured to examine the reason for differences in cytotoxic effects. These results showed that JA was taken into cells efficiently. Collectively, these results suggest that the cytotoxic effect of CLnAs is dependent on intracellular incorporation and induction of apoptosis via lipid peroxidation. JA also had a strong preventive antitumor effect in vivo in nude mice into which DLD-1 cells were transplanted. These results suggest that JA can be used as a dietary constituent for prevention of cancer. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A diet enriched with mackerel (<i>Scomber scombrus</i>)-derived products improves the endothelial function in a senior population (Prevencion de las Enfermedades Cardiovasculares: Estudio Santona - PECES project); Background Regular consumption of fish reduces cardiovascular risks. Here, we investigate if the consumption of products with mackerel (Scomber scombrus) with 8.82 g of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) content per 100 g of product improves parameters of endothelial function in a controlled population.
<i>Acinetobacter baumannii</i> Fatty Acid Desaturases Facilitate Survival in Distinct Environments; Maintaining optimal fluidity is essential to ensure adequate membrane structure and function under different environmental conditions. We apply integrated molecular approaches to characterize two desaturases (DesA and DesB) and define their specific roles in unsaturated fatty acid (UFA) production in Acinetobacter baumannii. Using a murine model, we reveal DesA to play a minor role in colonization of the respiratory tract, whereas DesB is important during invasive disease. Furthermore, using transcriptomic and bioinformatic analyses, a global regulator involved in fatty acid homeostasis and members of its regulon are characterized. Collectively, we show that DesA and DesB are primary contributors to UFA production in A. baumannii with infection studies illustrating that these distinct desaturases aid in the bacterium's ability to survive in multiple host niches. Hence, this study provides novel insights into the fundamentals of A. baumannii lipid biology, which contributes to the versatility of this critical bacterial pathogen.
The role of nutrition and nutritional supplements in the treatment of dyslipidemia; The combination of a lipid-lowering diet and scientifically proven nutraceutical supplements have the ability to significantly reduce LDL cholesterol, decrease LDL particle number, increase LDL particle size, lower triglycerides and VLDL, increase total and type 2 b HDL and improve HDL functionality. However, even the best of diets and proper nutrition may not be enough to obtain the desired lipid levels, thus a combination of nutrition and nutritional supplements are useful and effective in reaching serum lipid goals. In addition, inflammation, oxidative stress and vascular immune responses are decreased. In several prospective clinical trials, coronary heart disease and cardiovascular disease have been reduced with optimal nutrition and/or administration of several nutraceutical supplements, including omega 3 fatty acids, red yeast rice, a-linolenic acid and niacin. A combined program of nutrition and nutraceutical supplements represents a scientifically valid alternative for patients who are statin intolerant, cannot take other drugs for the treatment of dyslipidemia or in those who prefer alternative therapies. This new approach to decrease dyslipidemic-induced vascular disease recognizes and treats the multiple steps that are involved in the development of atherosclerosis. The purpose of this review is to establish the scientific validity, efficacy and safety of combined nutrition and nutraceutical supplements for treating dyslipidemia without drugs for those patients intolerant of pharmacologic therapies or those who have preference for nondrug treatments. This extensive review was done through analysis of all published articles in English on the topic of nutrition and nutraceutical supplements for the treatment of dyslipidemia that were available through the NIH and National Library of Congress publications (PubMed).
Single sample scoring of hepatocellular carcinoma: A study based on data mining; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a high mortality malignancy and the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths. Because the immune system plays a dual role by assisting the host barrier and tumor progression, there are complex interactions with considerable prognostic significance. Herein, we performed single-sample gene set enrichment (ssGSEA) to explore the tumor microenvironment (TME) and quantify the tumor-infiltrating immune cell (TIIC) subgroups of immune responses based on the HCC cohort of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database. We evaluate molecular subpopulations, survival, function, and expression differential associations, as well as reveal potential targets, and biomarkers for immunotherapy. We combined the TME score and the 29 immune cell types in the low, medium, and high immunity groups. The stromal score, immune score, and ESTIMATE score were positively correlated with immune activity but negatively correlated with the tumor purity. There were 23 human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-related genes that were significantly different. However, KIAA1429 was not significant among the different immunity groups. Besides, programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) expression increased with the increase of immune activity. This may provide valuable information for HCC immunotherapy. We also found that there was no significant difference in naive B cells, macrophages M1, activated mast cells, resting natural killer (NK) cells, and T cells gamma delta among the different immunity groups. The Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway analysis revealed that the differential proteins were mainly enriched in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) metabolism, cytokine-cytokine receptor interaction, glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis-heparan sulfate/heparin, glycosphingolipid biosynthesis-ganglio series and proteasome. Our findings provide a deeper understanding of the immune scene, uncovering remarkable immune infiltration patterns of various subtypes of HCC using ssGSEA. This study advances the understanding of immune response and provides a basis for research to enhance immunotherapy.
Eicosapentaenoic acid inhibits glucose-induced membrane cholesterol crystalline domain formation through a potent antioxidant mechanism; Lipid oxidation leads to endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and foam cell formation during atherogenesis. Glucose also contributes to lipid oxidation and promotes pathologic changes in membrane structural organization, including the development of cholesterol crystalline domains. In this study, we tested the comparative effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 fatty acid indicated for the treatment of very high triglyceride (TG) levels, and other TG-lowering agents (fenofibrate, niacin, and gemfibrozil) on lipid oxidation in human low-density lipoprotein (LDL) as well as membrane lipid vesicles prepared in the presence of glucose (200 mg/dL). We also examined the antioxidant effects of EPA in combination with atorvastatin o-hydroxy (active) metabolite (ATM). Glucose-induced changes in membrane structural organization were measured using small angle x-ray scattering approaches and correlated with changes in lipid hydroperoxide (LOON) levels. EPA was found to inhibit LDL oxidation in a dose-dependent manner (1.0-10.0 mu M) and was distinguished from the other TG-lowering agents, which had no significant effect as compared to vehicle treatment alone. Similar effects were observed in membrane lipid vesicles exposed to hyperglycemic conditions. The antioxidant activity of EPA, as observed in glucose-treated vesicles, was significantly enhanced in combination with ATM. Glucose treatment produced highly-ordered, membrane-restricted, cholesterol crystalline domains, which correlated with increased LOOH levels. Of the agents tested in this study, only EPA inhibited glucose-induced cholesterol domain formation. These data demonstrate that EPA, at pharmacologic levels, inhibits hyperglycemia-induced changes in membrane lipid structural organization through a potent antioxidant mechanism associated with its distinct, physicochemical interactions with the membrane bilayer. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY NC ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/).
Plasma and Erythrocyte Fatty Acid Patterns in Patients with Recurrent Depression: A Matched Case-Control Study; Background: The polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition of (nerve) cell membranes may be involved in the pathophysiology of depression. Studies so far, focussed mainly on omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs. In the present study, saturated fatty acids (SFAs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and PUFAs of the omega-3, -6 and -9 series in plasma and erythrocytes of patients with recurrent major depressive disorder (MDD-R) were compared with controls.
A Critical Review on the Effect of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) on Cancer Cell Cycle Progression; Globally, there were 14.1 million new cancer diagnoses and 8.2 million cancer deaths in 2012. For many cancers, conventional therapies are limited in their successes and an improved understanding of disease progression is needed in conjunction with exploration of alternative therapies. The long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been shown to enhance many cellular responses that reduce cancer cell viability and decrease proliferation both in vitro and in vivo. A small number of studies suggest that DHA improves chemotherapy outcomes in cancer patients. It is readily incorporated into cancer cell membranes and, as a result there has been considerable research regarding cell membrane initiated events. For example, DHA has been shown to mediate the induction of apoptosis/reduction of proliferation in vitro and in vivo. However, there is limited research into the effect of DHA on cell cycle regulation in cancer cells and the mechanism(s) by which DHA acts are not fully understood. The purpose of the current review is to provide a critical examination of the literature investigating the ability of DHA to stall progression during different cell cycle phases in cancer cells, as well as the consequences that these changes may have on tumour growth, independently and in conjunction with chemotherapy.
Combinations of ezetimibe with nonstatin drug regimens affecting lipid metabolism; In this article we discuss the available data on the effects of combined therapy of ezetimibe with agents affecting lipid metabolism other than statins. We consider studies evaluating the effects of combined therapy of ezetimibe with bile acid sequestrants, fenofibrate, niacin, n-3 fatty acids, plant sterols, orlistat, metformin, acarbose and glitazones. Combination of ezetimibe with bile acid sequestrants (especially colesevelam) was shown to have additional effects on lipid parameters in patients with hyperlipidemia. Combination of ezetimibe with fenofibrate may be a good approach to improve the overall lipid profile of patients with mixed hyperlipidemia. The addition of ezetimibe to niacin-based therapy can be useful for high-risk patients with dyslipidemia who are not achieving their assigned treatment goals. For patients who cannot tolerate statins there are useful combinations of ezetimibe with other drugs affecting lipid metabolism. These combinations improve many metabolic parameters, but more trials should be carried out to reach more robust conclusions about their effects on cardiovascular disease prevention.
Palmitic Acid Lipotoxicity in Microglia Cells Is Ameliorated by Unsaturated Fatty Acids; Obesity and metabolic syndrome are associated with cognitive decline and dementia. Palmitic acid (PA) is increased in the cerebrospinal fluid of obese patients with cognitive impairment. This study was therefore designed to examine fatty acid (FA) lipotoxicity in BV2 microglia cells. We found that PA induced time- and dose-dependent decrease in cell viability and increase in cell death without affecting the cell cycle profile and that PA lipotoxicity did not depend on cell surface free fatty acid receptors but rather on FA uptake. Treatment with sulfosuccinimidyl oleate (SSO), an irreversible inhibitor of fatty acid translocase CD36, significantly inhibited FA uptake in BSA- and PA-treated cells and blocked PA-induced decrease in cell viability. Inhibition of ER stress or treatment with N-acetylcysteine was not able to rescue PA lipotoxicity. Our study also showed that unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs), such as linoleic acid (LA), oleic acid (OA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), were not lipotoxic but instead protected microglia against PA-induced decrease in cell viability. Co-treatment of PA with LA, OA, and DHA significantly inhibited FA uptake in PA-treated cells. All UFAs tested induced the incorporation of FAs into and the amount of neutral lipids, while PA did not significantly affect the amount of neutral lipids compared with BSA control.
New Lipophenol Antioxidants Reduce Oxidative Damage in Retina Pigment Epithelial Cells; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a multifactorial pathology and its progression is exacerbated by oxidative stress. Oxidation and photo-oxidation reactions modify lipids in retinal cells, contribute to tissue injury, and lead to the formation of toxic adducts. In particular, autofluorescent pigments such as N-retinylidene-N-retinylethanolamine (A2E) accumulate as lipofuscin in retinal pigment epithelial cells, contribute to the production of additional reactive oxygen species (ROS), and lead to cell degeneration. In an effort to develop efficient antioxidants to reduce damage caused by lipid oxidation, various natural polyphenols were structurally modified to increase their lipophilicity (lipophenols). In this study, resveratrol, phloroglucinol, quercetin and catechin were selected and conjugated to various polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) using classical chemical strategies or enzymatic reactions. After screening for cytotoxicity, the capacity of the synthesized lipophenols to reduce ROS production was evaluated in ARPE-19 cells subjected to H2O2 treatment using a dichlorofluorescein diacetate probe. The positions of the PUFA on the polyphenol core appear to influence the antioxidant effect. In addition, two lipophenolic quercetin derivatives were evaluated to highlight their potency in protecting ARPE-19 cells against A2E photo-oxidation toxicity. Quercetin conjugated to linoleic or alpha-linolenic acid were promising lipophilic antioxidants, as they protected ARPE-19 cells from A2E-induced cell death more effectively than the parent polyphenol, quercetin.
Cigarette Smoking and Prostate Cancer in a Prospective US Cohort Study; Smoking is an important risk factor for many cancers, yet the relationship between smoking and prostate cancer remains uncertain. We investigated whether smoking affected the risk of prostate cancers within a large prospective cohort study of dietary and environmental cancer risk factors among men ages 50 to 71 upon enrollment in 1995-1996 (n = 283,312). Cox proportional hazards regression models with hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were adjusted for age, race, education, height, body mass index, physical activity, family history of prostate cancer, diabetes, self-reported health status, prostate-specific antigen testing, digital rectal exam, total energy, alpha-tocopherol, calcium, alpha-linolenic acid, selenium, red meat, fish, and tomato intake. There were 14,810 nonadvanced and 1,830 advanced incident prostate cancers identified through 2003, and 394 men died of their disease through 2005. Current smokers had a decreased risk of nonadvanced prostate cancer (HR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.77-0.88), but an increased risk of fatal prostate cancer (HR, 1.69; 95% CI, 1.25-2.27). Former smoking was also associated with decreased risk of nonadvanced prostate cancers (HR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.86-0.92), but not fatal prostate cancers (HR, 1.03; 95% CI, 0.83-1.27). There was no apparent association between smoking and advanced prostate cancer. A number of biologically plausible mechanisms could explain these results, including the direct effects of carcinogens in tobacco smoke and the resulting changes in sex hormone or growth factor profiles. These findings suggest that current and former smokers may be at decreased risk of being diagnosed with prostate cancer and current smokers are at an increased risk of dying from prostate cancer. (Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev 2009;18(9): 2427-35)
Omega 6 fatty acids for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Emerging drug therapies for preventing spontaneous preterm labor and preterm birth; Preterm birth (PTB) is the main cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity in the developed world. Historically, the approach for the prevention of PTB has been reactive rather than proactive. With the introduction of new screening tests and a greater emphasis on prevention rather than treatment, a number of new approaches have been introduced that show promise. Progesterone, which is responsible for myometrial quiescence in pregnancy and is used in women with a previous history of PTB, is associated with a significant reduction in the incidence of PTB and low birth weight. infection is an important cause of PTB in <= 40% of women. The appropriate antibiotics administered early in pregnancy to women with abnormal genital tract flora have been associated with a 40 - 60% reduction in the incidence of PTB. Although there has been debate regarding the benefits of nutritional supplementation for the prevention of many complications of pregnancy, recent evidence suggests that fish oil supplementation can be shown to reduce the incidence of PTB in women at risk of PTB. Although these three proactive, preventative approaches show promise, further research is needed to establish the best agent, the optimum gestational age at commencement and cessation, the ideal candidate patient to achieve a response and the long-term feto-maternal benefits and/or side effects.
Effect of dietary krill oil supplementation on the endocannabinoidome of metabolically relevant tissues from high-fat-fed mice; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3-PUFA) are known to ameliorate several metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and an association between elevated peripheral levels of endogenous ligands of cannabinoid receptors (endocannabinoids) and the metabolic syndrome has been reported. We investigated the dose-dependent effects of dietary omega-3-PUFA supplementation, given as krill oil (KO), on metabolic parameters in high fat diet (HFD)-fed mice and, in parallel, on the levels, in inguinal and epididymal adipose tissue (AT), liver, gastrocnemius muscle, kidneys and heart, of: 1) the endocannabinoids, anandamide and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), 2) two anandamide congeners which activate PPAR alpha but not cannabinoid receptors, N-oleoylethanolamine and N-palmitoylethanolamine, and 3) the direct biosynthetic precursors of these compounds.
Natural Products as Promising Antitumoral Agents in Breast Cancer: Mechanisms of Action and Molecular Targets; Extensive research over the past several decades has identified numerous dietary and phytochemical compounds that have chemopreventive potential and could represent an important source of anti-cancer lead molecules. In this scenario several nutritional factors have attracted considerable attention as modifiable risk factor in the prevention of breast cancer, the most frequently diagnosed cancer and a major cause of death among women worldwide. There is an immediate need for more effective and less toxic therapeutic and preventive strategies for breast cancers able also to counteract the recurrent phenomenon of resistance to hormonal and targeted therapy that represent the first-line treatment in the management of breast cancer patients. The present review focuses on chemopreventive and anti-cancer activities of different bioactive compounds obtained from dietary sources such as Omega-3 fatty acids, naturally present in fish, Resveratrol (3,5,40-trihydroxy-transstilbene), a phytoalexin found in grapes and Epigallocatechin Gallate, a polyphenolic compound found in green tea, or purified from medicinal plant (Oldenlandia Diffusa) and fruits (Ziziphus Jujube) highlighting their potential use in breast cancer treatment. Herein, we discuss the molecular mechanisms by which the bioactive compounds can inhibit carcinogenesis by regulating antioxidant enzyme activities, and inducing antiproliferative and apoptotic effects in different breast cancer cell lines. Understanding the mechanism of action of dietary compounds or traditionally used herbs having potential preventive and therapeutic effects on cancer may provide a rationale for further translational studies. This review emphasizes the importance, in the next future, of a proper scientific validation of these natural bioactive compounds for clinical use in the therapeutic portfolio for breast cancer.
Lipoprotein lipase: new roles for an 'old' enzyme; Purpose of review
Safety and efficacy of a new parenteral lipid emulsion (SMOFlipid) in surgical patients:: A randomized, double-blind, multicenter study; Background/Aims: A new lipid emulsion based on soybean oil, medium chain triglycerides, olive oil and fish oil (SMOFlipid) was tested for safety, tolerance, metabolic and clinical efficacy in surgical patients. Methods: In a prospective, double-blind European multicenter study, postoperative patients (elective abdominal orthoracic surgery) were randomized to receive isonitrogenous, isoenergetic (30-35 kcal/kg) total parenteral nutrition over 5 postoperative days including either SMOFlipid((R)) 20% or standard soybean oil emulsion (Lipovenoes((R)) 20%) as lipid source (1.5 g kg(-1) day(-1)). Metabolic efficacy measurements included serum levels of triglycerides (AUC), phospholipids, and total cholesterol. Safety/tolerance parameters were: hematology; clinical chemistry; coagulation profile; clinical course (arterial blood pressure, heart rate, body temperature), and documentation of adverse events. Clinical efficacy was monitored by length of hospital stay and mortality. Results: The 2 groups (per-protocol population: SMOFlipid n = 99, and Lipovenoes n = 100) were similar with respect to demographic characteristics and types of surgical intervention. Concentrations of serum triglycerides, phospholipids, and total cholesterol were comparable in both groups and within the expected ranges. Laboratory and clinical parameters were not different. A trend towards a reduced length of hospital stay was observed with SMOFlipid (15.7 +/- 6.3 vs. 17.8 +/- 13.2 days). Conclusions: SMOFlipid is clinically safe and well tolerated in postoperative patients. There are indications that SMOFlipid may be associated with a better liver tolerance and a shorter length of hospitalization.
Liquid storage of turkey semen: Changes in quality parameters, lipid composition and susceptibility to induced <i>in vitro</i> peroxidation in control, <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and alpha-tocopherol rich spermatozoa; The study considered two major aims: (a) to measure the changes in quality parameters, lipid composition and antioxidant activity occurring in turkey spermatozoa during liquid storage; (b) to determine if the enrichment of sperm in n-3 fatty acids and alpha-tocopherol affect sperm survival during storage.
Changing dietary approaches to prevent cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review We have focused on recent research relevant to effects of dietary patterns and major food groups on cardiovascular outcomes, taking into account guidelines and position statements from expert authorities, with an emphasis on important changes in recommendations, some of which remain controversial. Recent findings Major findings include: refocusing on qualitative patterns of food consumption replacing quantitative prescriptive advice on nutrients; increasing intake of plant foods; substituting saturated fats with polyunsaturated and monounsaturated oils; reducing salt intake; regular consumption of fish with a focus on omega-3 enrichment; not restricting dairy foods, other than butter and cream, with encouragement of some fermented products; reducing cholesterol intake for those at increased cardiovascular risk and diabetes, allowing 7-eggs weekly; restricting processed meats and allowing moderate lean meat consumption; preference for fiber-rich complex carbohydrates and reduced sugar intake; maintaining healthy bodyweight; and although water is the preferred beverage, allowing moderate alcohol consumption to national guidelines and avoiding alcohol in specific cardiovascular disorders. The new approach that focuses on healthier patterns of food intake is more readily understood by health practitioners and translatable to consumers and patients.
Aspirin-Triggered Resolvin D1 Reduces Chronic Dust-Induced Lung Pathology without Altering Susceptibility to Dust-Enhanced Carcinogenesis; Simple Summary Farm workers are at an increased risk of developing acute and chronic lung inflammatory diseases from their everyday exposure to organic dust. Previous investigations have examined the inflammatory effects in mice from single and repetitive exposure to dust from swine confinement facilities, however, no study has explored these effects in a chronic model. To address this research gap, we established a chronic dust exposure mouse model of lung tumorigenesis that was also used to measure the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid-derived lipid mediators as therapeutics for mitigating these induced responses. Our results from these investigations are the first to evaluate the chronic inflammatory, and carcinogenic effects of these dusts, as well as identify a potential therapeutic strategy for mitigating the inflammatory effects by using an omega-3 fatty acid-derived bioactive lipid mediator. Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide, with increased risk being associated with unresolved or chronic inflammation. Agricultural and livestock workers endure significant exposure to agricultural dusts on a routine basis; however, the chronic inflammatory and carcinogenic effects of these dust exposure is unclear. We have developed a chronic dust exposure model of lung carcinogenesis in which mice were intranasally challenged three times a week for 24 weeks, using an aqueous dust extract (HDE) made from dust collected in swine confinement facilities. We also treated mice with the omega-3-fatty acid lipid mediator, aspirin-triggered resolvin D1 (AT-RvD1) to provide a novel therapeutic strategy for mitigating the inflammatory and carcinogenic effects of HDE. Exposure to HDE resulted in significant immune cell influx into the lungs, enhanced lung tumorigenesis, severe tissue pathogenesis, and a pro-inflammatory and carcinogenic gene signature, relative to saline-exposed mice. AT-RvD1 treatment mitigated the dust-induced inflammatory response but did not protect against HDE + NNK-enhanced tumorigenesis. Our data suggest that chronic HDE exposure induces a significant inflammatory and pro-carcinogenic response, whereas treatment with AT-RvD1 dampens the inflammatory responses, providing a strong argument for the therapeutic use of AT-RvD1 to mitigate chronic inflammation.
Is a dietary n-3 fatty acid supplement able to influence the cardiac effect of the psychological stress?; Epidemiological studies suggest that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are involved in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, Stress is known to increase the incidence of CVD and the present study was realised to evaluate some physiological and biochemical effects of dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in male Wistar rats subjected to a psyche social stress. Rats were fed for 8 weeks a semi-purified diet containing 10% of either sunflower seed oil or the same oil supplemented with DHA. This food supply represented 50% of their daily requirement. The remaining 50% were supplied as 45 mg food pellets designed to induce stress in rats by an intermittent-feeding schedule process. The control group (n = 12) was fed the equivalent food ration as a single daily feeding. The physiological cardiovascular parameters were recorded by telemetry through a transmitter introduced in the abdomen. At the end of the experimentation, the heart and adrenals were withdrawn and the fatty acid composition and the catecholamine store were determined. Dietary DHA induced a pronounced alteration of the fatty acid profile of cardiac phospholipids (PL). The level of all the n-6 PUFAs was reduced while 22:6 n-3 was increased. The stress induced a significant increase in heart rate which was not observed in DHA-fed group. The time evolution of the systolic blood pressure was not affected by the stress and was roughly similar in the stressed rats of either dietary group. Conversely, the systolic blood pressure decreased in the unstressed rats fed DHA. Similar data were obtained for the diastolic blood pressure. The beneficial effect of DHA was also observed on cardiac contractility, since the dP/dt(max) increase was prevented mas in the DHA-fed rats. The stress-induced modifications were associated with an increase in cardiac noradrenaline level which was not observed in DHA-fed rats. The fatty acid composition of adrenals was significantly related to the fatty acid intake particularly the neutral lipid fraction (NL) which incorporated a large amount of DHA. Conversely, n-3 PUFAs were poorly incorporated in adrenal phospholipids. Moreover the NL/PL ratio was significantly increased in the DHA fed rats. The amount of adrenal catecholamines did not differ significantly between the groups. These results show that a supplementation of the diet with DHA induced cardiovascular alterations which could be detected in conscious animals within a few weeks. These alterations were elicited by a reduced heart rate and systolic and diastolic blood pressure.
The V227A polymorphism at the <i>PPARA</i> locus is associated with serum lipid concentrations and modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentrations in Chinese women; Peroxisome proliferators activated receptor ut (PPAR alpha) regulates the transcription of several proteins involved in human lipoprotein metabolism. We screened the PPARA locus for polymorphisms in 20 unrelated subjects from each of three ethnic groups (Chinese, Malays and Asian Indians). Only the V227A polymorphism was observed. We genotyped 4248 subjects (2899 Chinese, 761 Malay and 588 Asian Indians) and found allele frequencies for the A227 allele of 0.04 in Chinese, 0.006 in Malays and 0.003 in Asian Indians. We examined the associations between this polymorphism and serum lipid concentrations in Chinese. In women, but not in men, the presence of the A227 allele was associated with lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol [5.38 mmol/l (95%Cl: 5.22-5.54) versus 5.21 mmol/l (95%Cl: 4.99-5.43), p = 0.0471 and triglycerides [1.19 mmol/l (95%CI: 1.10-1.28) versus 1.09 mmol/l (95%Cl: 0.98-1.21), p = 0.048]. We also found that the V227A polymorphism modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentration (p-value for interaction = 0.049). Our findings implicate PPARa in the lipid lowering associated with diets high in PUFA and suggests that genetic variation at the PPARA locus may determine the lipid response to changes in PUFA intake. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of temperature and food availability on liver fatty acid composition and plasma cortisol concentration in age-0 lake sturgeon: Support for homeoviscous adaptation; Overwintering survival in north temperate fishes involves a series of adaptive responses to multiple environmental stressors. Homeoviscous adaptation includes changes in membrane lipid composition in response to reduced environmental temperature, which may be driven by changes in hormones involved in the endocrine stress response. We examined how reduced temperature and food availability may act in concert to influence hepatic fatty acid composition of phospholipids and triglycerides, in addition to plasma concentration of cortisol in age-0 lake sturgeon (A. fulvescens). At 153 days post hatch (dph), temperature was decreased from 16 degrees C to 1 degrees C at a rate of 0.5 degrees C per day, and at 200 dph, fish were either fed every other day or deprived of food for 45 days to simulate an overwintering event. Liver fatty acid composition of phospholipids and triglycerides were assessed before temperature manipulation (16 degrees C; 153 dph), when fish had been at 1 degrees C for 16 days (199 dph), 25 days of overwintering (225 dph) and 45 days of overwintering (245 dph). Plasma cortisol concentration was assessed at 153, 225 and 245 dph. When temperature was decreased, both mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids significantly increased in phospholipids and triglycerides. Total omega-6 fatty acids significantly increased in phospholipids while total omega-3 fatty acids did not. During the simulated overwintering, there was no obvious difference in fatty acids of phospholipids and triglycerides between diet treatments and no difference in circulating cortisol concentration between baseline and post-stressed fish in the fasted group. Our results provide support for homeoviscous adaptation to cold temperatures in lake sturgeon.
Dietary fat, carbohydrate, and protein: effects on plasma lipoprotein patterns; In general, under isoweight conditions, different types of dietary protein or individual amino acids have little effect on lipoprotein patterns. Dietary carbohydrate tends to increase plasma triglyceride when it displaces fat, accompanied by a decrease in HDL cholesterol concentrations. Potential differential effects of types of carbohydrate are difficult to assess because of differences in rates of absorption and confounding of dietary fiber. Saturated fatty acids increase LDL and HDL cholesterol, whereas trans fatty acids increase LDL but not HDL cholesterol. Unsaturated fatty acids decrease LDL and HDL cholesterol, polyunsaturated more so than monounsaturated. There has been considerable interest in the potential benefit of major shifts in dietary macronutrients on weight loss and lipoprotein patterns. Short-term data favor substituting protein and fat for carbohydrate, whereas long-term data have failed to show a benefit for weight loss. During an active weight loss period low carbohydrate diets more favorably affect triglyceride and HDL and less favorably affect LDL cholesterol concentrations. Additional efforts need to be focused on gaining a better understanding of the effect of dietary macronutrient profiles on established and emerging cardiovascular disease risk factors, mechanisms for changes observed and contributors to individual variability. Such data are needed to allow reassessment and, if necessary, modification of current recommendations.
Cardiometabolic disease costs associated with suboptimal diet in the United States: A cost analysis based on a microsimulation model; Background Poor diet is a leading risk factor for cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in the United States, but its economic costs are unknown. We sought to estimate the cost associated with suboptimal diet in the US. Methods and findings A validated microsimulation model (Cardiovascular Disease Policy Model for Risk, Events, Detection, Interventions, Costs, and Trends [CVD PREDICT]) was used to estimate annual cardiovascular disease (fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction, angina, and stroke) and type 2 diabetes costs associated with suboptimal intake of 10 food groups (fruits, vegetables, nuts/seeds, whole grains, unprocessed red meats, processed meats, sugar-sweetened beverages, polyunsaturated fats, seafood omega-3 fats, sodium). A representative US population sample of individuals aged 35-85 years was created using weighted sampling from National Health And Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) 2009-2012 cycles. Estimates were stratified by cost type (acute, chronic, drug), sex, age, race, education, BMI, and health insurance. Annual diet-related CMD costs were $301/person (95% CI $287-$316). This translates to $50.4 billion in CMD costs (18.2% of total) for the whole population, of which 84.3% are attributed to acute care ($42.6 billion). The largest annual per capita costs are attributed to low consumption of nuts/seeds ($81; 95% CI $74-$86) and seafood omega-3 fats ($76; 95% CI $70-$83), and the lowest are attributed to high consumption of red meat ($3; 95% CI $2.8-$3.5) and polyunsaturated fats ($20; 95% CI $19-$22). Individual costs are highest for men ($380), those aged >= 65 years ($408), blacks ($320), the less educated ($392), and those with Medicare ($481) or dual-eligible ($536) insurance coverage. A limitation of our study is that dietary intake data were assessed from 24-hour dietary recall, which may not fully capture a diet over a person's life span and is subject to measurement errors. Conclusions Suboptimal diet of 10 dietary factors accounts for 18.2% of all ischemic heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes costs in the US, highlighting that timely implementation of diet policies could address these health and economic burdens.
Effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with chronic heart failure (the GISSI-HF trial): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background Several epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) can exert favourable effects on atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease, including arrhythmias. We investigated whether n-3 PUFA could improve morbidity and mortality in a large population of patients with symptomatic heart failure of any cause.
Beyond Statins: Lipid Management to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk; The discovery that elevated total cholesterol levels and the subsequent understanding that low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels are associated with higher risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) has led to the development of lipid management strategies that seek to reduce the burden of CVD. Although substantive progress has been made in reducing death and cardiovascular events, questions remain regarding the optimal approach to further reduce CVD-associated death and disability. Based on current evidence, statins are the clear first-line agents for the management of hyperlipidemia in patients at high risk for cardiovascular events. However, due to the failure of recent clinical trials evaluating antihyperlipidemic drugs, the most appropriate lipid management strategy in patients who cannot tolerate statin therapy or who warrant antihyperlipidemic therapies in addition to statins is a major therapeutic controversy. In this review, we summarize the clinical trial evidence evaluating the efficacy of second-line antihyperlipidemic drug classes for reducing cardiovascular risk, provide recommendations for appropriate use of nonstatin lipid-altering drugs, and identify key areas of future research to support evidence-based lipid management. Given the complexity, magnitude, and burden of CVD, opportunities to improve processes of care and identify new therapeutic options clearly exist.
Investigating the effects of quercetin fatty acid esters on apoptosis, mechanical properties, and expression of ERK in melanoma cell line (A375); Aims: Malignant melanoma (MM) is the most fatal skin cancer with a critical increase in the number of cases in the last decades. Recent studies have shown the antitumor potential of active biological phytochemical structures of flavonoids for the prevention and treatment of cancerous cells. In this study, two quercetin fatty acid esters (alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid (LA)) compounds were evaluated in terms of inducing apoptotic human melanoma cells (A375) death in vitro. Main methods: The MTT assay was utilized for comparing the effects of quercetin, ALA, and LA on A375 cell viability concentrations of 5, 25, 35, 50, and 100 mu g/mL for 24 and 48 h to obtain IC50. To detect the effects on apoptosis and to determine p-ERK/ERK apoptosis-related signaling pathway proteins level, flow-cytometry and western blot were used. Finally, the nano-mechanical properties of the melanoma A375 membrane structure containing elastic modulus value and cell-cell adhesion forces were investigated using Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM). Statistical data was analyzed in GraphPad v.8.0.0. Key findings: The most significant A375 cell viability amplified effect of Q-LA was observed with a half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50 = 35 mu g/mL, 48 h), proportional to dose. Ester compounds, especially Q-LA, showed the highest cell proliferation inhibition with improved elastic modulus, cell-cell adhesion forces (253 +/- 11.2), and elevated apoptosis-inducing effect (p < 0.01**). Moreover, Q-LA significantly decreased the mean levels of p-ERK phosphorylation (0.1439) and, subsequently, apoptosis in A375 cells. Significance: The data presented in this study confirmed the antitumor activity of ester compounds against A375 cells, high-lighting the ability of the tested compounds to induce apoptosis.
Some biochemical studies on <i>trans</i> fatty acid-containing diet; trans fatty acids (TFA's) are unsaturated fatty acid which have one or more double bond, they are present naturally and most of it is artificial, fried, baked food and margarine are major sources of TFA, there are several biological effects of TFAs on body health, various study showed that dietary TFA associated with various health disorders such as Diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), Obesity, breast cancer, prostatic cancer infertility, and coronary artery disease (CAD). The World Health Organization (WHO) in 2015 encourages eliminations of trans fatty acids. The diet which related to non-communicable diseases include TFA should be eliminated, WHO's European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020 suggested that TFAs should be less than 1% of the daily energy intake include natural origin. So the aim of this review, to know more than about trans acids, their nature, sources, and their different effect on health and how can analysis it. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Diabetes India.
The neuroprotective effect of long-term n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus of aging rats; The purpose of this study was to determine whether hippocampus and cerebral cortex fatty acids (FA) composition can be altered as a result of n-3 enriched diet, or modifications in FA can affect the age-related histological changes in these brain tissues. The study was performed on eighteen rats which were fed control (CD) or fish oil supplemented diet (FOD) for 12 months. We investigated the n-3 and n-6 brain FA profile by gas-chromatography analysis. Histomorphometry included the measurement of the quantity of pyramidal cells in the cerebral cortex (layer II-III) and in the hippocampal formation (CA1, CA3 and DG). The number of apoptotic cells (neuron and glial cells) was also calculated separately in three hippocampal areas and in the pyramidal cerebral cortex layer Rats fed supplemented diet showed a significantly poorer content of the arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n6) in all brain regions when compared to the control group. Furthermore, the level of the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n3) was significantly higher in the cerebral cortex in fish oil fed rats vs. the control group. The neurons of the pyramidal cortex showed significant changes in cell density in control animals when compared to the group of fish oil fed rats. Furthermore, the number of positive apoptotic cells was significantly higher in the CA1 area and cerebral pyramidal layer in rats fed control diet. Following dietary n-3 fatty acids supplementation, the increase in DHA content in the cerebral cortex resulted in consequential changes in histology of this tissue. The results obtained indicate that dietary intake of fish n-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of age-related brain impairments.
Pharmacologic Interactions of Multidrug Therapy for Dyslipidemia; Despite the best available medical therapy inclusive of statins, substantial residual risk remains for atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease. Non-statin lipid-lowering therapy may help address this critical unmet need through reduction of the levels of low-density lipoprotein and other atherogenic lipoproteins. In the past few years, several landmark trials have provided important information regarding the efficacy and safety of non-statin therapy for dyslipidemia and cardiovascular risk reduction.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid analogues differentially affect cardiac Na<sub>V</sub>, Ca<sub>V</sub>, and K<sub>V</sub> channels through unique mechanisms; The cardiac ventricular action potential depends on several voltage-gated ion channels, including Na-V, Ca-V, and K-V channels. Mutations in these channels can cause Long QT Syndrome (LQTS) which increases the risk for ventricular fibrillation and sudden cardiac death. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have emerged as potential therapeutics for LQTS because they are modulators of voltage-gated ion channels. Here we demonstrate that PUFA analogues vary in their selectivity for human voltage-gated ion channels involved in the ventricular action potential. The effects of specific PUFA analogues range from selective for a specific ion channel to broadly modulating cardiac ion channels from all three families (Na-V, Ca-V, and K-V). In addition, a PUFA analogue selective for the cardiac IKs channel (Kv7.1/KCNE1) is effective in shortening the cardiac action potential in human-induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes. Our data suggest that PUFA analogues could potentially be developed as therapeutics for LQTS and cardiac arrhythmia.
Mechanistic Insights from REDUCE-IT STRENGTHen the Case Against Triglyceride Lowering as a Strategy for Cardiovascular Disease Risk Reduction; Elevated triglyceride (TG) levels have been linked to residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk in patients with controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. However, outcome trials testing TG-lowering agents have failed to demonstrate cardiovascular risk reduction in statin-treated subjects. One such example is the recent STRENGTH trial, which tested mixed omega fatty acids (n3-FAs, 4 g/d) in high-risk patients with elevated TGs. Similar to trials using fibrates and niacin, the STRENGTH trial failed despite effective TG lowering. Results from these studies have contributed to skepticism about the use of TG-lowering therapy for cardiovascular risk. However, new mechanistic insights are provided by the REDUCE-IT trial that used icosapent ethyl (IPE), a purified formulation of the n3-FA eicosapentaenoic acid. In high-risk patients, IPE reduced a composite of cardiovascular events (25%, P < .001) in a manner not predicted by TG lowering. Benefits with IPE appear linked to broad pleiotropic actions associated with on-treatment eicosapentaenoic acid levels. These studies indicate that although TGs are a potential biomarker of cardiovascular risk, there is no evidence that TG lowering itself is an effective strategy for reducing such risk. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Icosapent ethyl for reduction of persistent cardiovascular risk: a critical review of major medical society guidelines and statements; Introduction: REDUCE-IT demonstrated that adding 4 g/day of icosapent ethyl (IPE; purified ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA]) to statins substantially reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) events, with few adverse effects. These data prompted numerous leading medical societies across five continents, including the American College of Cardiology, the European Society of Cardiology, and the Japanese Circulation Society, to update their guidelines or scientific/consensus statements to recommend use of IPE for primary and secondary prevention of CVD events.
Overexpression of ZNF488 supports pancreatic cancer cell proliferation and tumorigenesis through inhibition of ferroptosis via regulating SCD1-mediated unsaturated fatty acid metabolism; BackgroundPancreatic cancer is a malignancy with high mortality. Once diagnosed, effective treatment strategies are limited and the five-year survival is extremely poor. Recent studies have shown that zinc finger proteins play important roles in tumorigenesis, including pancreatic cancer. However, it remains unknown on the clinical significance, function and underlying mechanisms of zinc finger protein 488 (ZNF488) during the development of pancreatic cancer.MethodsThe clinical relevance of ZNF488 and stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) was examined by analyzing the data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and immunohistochemical staining of the tissue microarray. Gain-of-function and loss-of-function experiments were performed by transfecting the cells with overexpressing lentivirus and siRNAs or shRNA lentivirus, respectively. The function of ZNF488 in pancreatic cancer was assessed by CCK8, colony formation, EdU staining, PI/Annexin V staining and xenografted tumorigenesis. Chip-qPCR assay was conducted to examine the interaction between ZNF488 and the promoter sequence of SCD1. Transcription activity was measured by dual luciferase reporter assay. mRNA and protein expression was detected by qRT-PCR and immunoblotting experiment, respectively. Fatty acid was quantified by gas chromatography mass spectrometry.ResultsZNF488 was overexpressed in pancreatic cancer samples compared with normal tissues. High expression of ZNF488 predicted the poor prognosis of the patients. In vitro, ZNF488 upregulation contributed to the EuU cooperation, proliferation and colony formation of MIAPaCa-2 and PANC-1 cells. Based on PI/Annexin V and trypan blue staining results, we showed that ZNF488 suppressed the ferroptosis and apoptosis of pancreatic cancer cells. Mechanistically, ZNF488 directly interacted with the promoter sequence of SCD1 gene and promoted its transcription activity, which resulted in enhanced palmitoleic and oleic acid production, as well as the peroxidation of fatty acid. In vivo, ZNF488 overexpression promoted the xenograted tumorigenesis of PANC-1, which was reversed by SCD1 knockdown. Importantly, combination of erastin and SCD1 inhibitors A939572 completely blunted the growth of ZNF488 overexpressed MIAPaCa-2 and PANC-1 cells. Usage of A939572 or erastin recovered the sensitivity of pancreatic cancer cells to the treatment of gemcitabine. Lastly, we found a positive correlation between ZNF488 and SCD1 in pancreatic cancer patients based on TCGA and immunohistochemical staining results.ConclusionOverexpression of ZNF488 suppresses the ferroptosis and apoptosis to support the growth and tumorigenesis of pancreatic cancer through augmentation of SCD1-mediated unsaturated fatty acid metabolism. Combination of SCD1 inhibitors, ferroptosis inducers or gemcitabine could be applied for the treatment of pancreatic cancer with overexpression of ZNF488.
Effects of Dietary Intake and Supplementation of Fatty Acids on Cardiometabolic Disorders in Humans: A Lesson from a Large Number of Meta-Analyses; Dietary fatty acids have exerted numerous pathophysiological effects in humans. Indeed, monounsaturated fatty acids and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are generally thought to have favorable cardiometabolic actions via their anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic properties, while saturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids are supposed to contribute to the development and progression of atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases by inducing dyslipidemia and obesity. However, there is much controversy about the effects of dietary intake and supplementation of fatty acids on cardiometabolic disorders. Therefore, in the present study, we limited the scope of this review to metaanalyses (1) of observational studies of dietary intake of fatty acids and (2) of interventional trials with fatty acid supplements to scrutinize the role of fatty acids in various cardiometabolic disorders. We discuss here the clinical effects of fatty acids from dietary intake or supplements on incidence of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity and body weight, cardiovascular diseases and total mortality, and also review the association of fatty acid biomarkers with these cardiometabolic disorders.
Does fish oil supplementation in pregnancy reduce the risk of allergic disease in infants?; Purpose of review Parallel increases in many inflammatory diseases over the last 40 years suggest that common environmental changes are promoting inflammatory immune responses and/or inhibiting the processes that normally keep these in check. One key change during this period has been declining intakes of anti-inflammatory dietary factors, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA). As allergic diseases often first manifest in early infancy, prevention strategies need to be targeted early, even in utero. This review will examine recent evidence for the use of fish oil during this early period as a primary prevention strategy for allergic disease.
Genotoxicity and subchronic toxicity studies of DHA-rich oil in rats; Polyunsaturated fatty acids, including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are natural constituents of the human diet. DHA-algal oil is produced through the use of the non-toxigenic and non-pathogenic marine protist, Ulkenia sp. The safety of DHA-algal oil was assessed in a subchronic toxicity study and in genotoxicity studies. In a 90-day study, rats were orally administered water or DHA-algal oil at concentrations of 0, 500, 1000, and 2000 mg/kg in combination with 2000, 1500, 1000 or 0 mg/kg DHA-containing fish oil, respectively. Additional animals were administered water, 2000 mg/kg DHA-algal oil, or 2000 mg/kg fish oil for 90 days, followed by a 4-week recovery phase. No treatment-related effects were observed in clinical observations, food and water consumption, mortality, gross pathology, and histopathology. Increased body weights and liver weights in oil-treated groups were attributed to the large lipid load and were not regarded as toxicologically significant. Furthermore, no treatment-related differences in the measured parameters between the DHA-algal oil and fish oil groups were detected. In genotoxicity experiments, DHA-algal oil exerted no mutagenic activity in various bacterial strains, nor did it induce chromosomal aberrations in Chinese hamster fibroblast cells. These results support the safety of DHA-algal oil as a dietary source of DHA. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Decreased activity of desaturase 5 in association with obesity and insulin resistance aggravates declining long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid status in Cree undergoing dietary transition; Emerging evidence shows that desaturase 5 (Delta 5), the key regulator in the synthesis of highly unsaturated long-chain fatty acids (HUFA), is modulated by factors including adiposity, diet and insulin resistance. We explored the association of these factors in a cross-sectional study within a high-risk Cree population. Anthropometric measures and fasting blood glucose and insulin were analysed. Delta 5 was estimated as the 20:4n-6:20:3n-6 ratio in erythrocyte membranes. The setting of the present study was the Mistissini community in the Cree Territory of Quebec, Canada with ninety-eight female and sixty-eight male subjects aged 20-88 years. Obesity (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)) was prevalent across age groups. Delta 5 was inversely associated with BMI (Spearman's correlation coefficient (r(s)) -0-175; P=0.03) and positively associated with age (r(s) 0.593; P<0.0001), which was driven by age-related increases in dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids and decreases in 20: 3n-6. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was significantly inversely associated with Delta 5 in age-adjusted linear regression analyses in normoglycaemic individuals (beta -2-110 (SE 0.566); P<0.001), whereas no association was observed among glucose-intolerant individuals (interaction term P=0-03). In contrast, there were no significant interactions indicating differences in the slope for each of the adiposity measures in their associations with Delta 5. The present study indicates that the dietary transition of reduced consumption of fish among younger Cree may compound the effects of obesity and emerging insulin resistance which, in turn, could reduce bioavailability of HUFA n-3 (through reduced Delta 5 activity). Also, the study suggests that disease progression is an important consideration when evaluating correlates of Delta 5 activity in observational studies.
Dietary Intake and Arterial Stiffness in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review; Arterial stiffness is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease that is affected by diet. However, research understanding how these dietary risk factors are related to arterial stiffness during childhood is limited. The purpose of this review was to determine whether various dietary factors were associated with arterial stiffness in the pediatric population. Five databases were systematically searched. Intervention studies, cross-sectional and cohort studies were included that investigated nutrient or food intake and outcomes of arterial stiffness, primarily measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx), in the pediatric population (aged 0-18 years). A final 19 studies (six intervention and 13 observational) were included. Only two intervention studies, including a vitamin D and omega-3 supplementation trial, found protective effects on PWV and AIx in adolescents. Findings from observational studies were overall inconsistent and varied. There was limited evidence to indicate a protective effect of a healthy dietary pattern on arterial stiffness and an adverse effect of total fat intake, sodium intake and fast-food consumption. Overall, results indicated that some dietary factors may be associated with arterial stiffness in pediatric populations; however, inconsistencies were observed across all study designs. Further longitudinal and intervention studies are warranted to confirm the potential associations found in this review.
Microfluidic-derived docosahexaenoic acid liposomes for glioblastoma therapy; Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most prevalent malignant primary brain tumor and currently lacks an effective treatment. In this study, we utilized a microfluidic system to synthesize docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) liposomes for GBM therapy. DHA is an omega-3 (omega 3) polyunsaturated fatty acid commonly found in human dietary consumption that has demonstrated potential in mitigating cancer development. The microfluidic device employed allowed for precise fine-tuning of the physicochemical properties of liposomes by adjusting the flow rate ratios, flow rates, and lipid concentrations. Three distinct-sized liposomes, ranging from 80 nm and 130 nm, were successfully internalized by GBM cells, and demonstrated the ability to reduce the viability of these cells. Furthermore, DHA liposomes proved significantly more efficient in triggering apoptotic pathways, through caspase-3-dependent mechanisms, in comparison to free DHA. Thus, the nanomedicine platform established in this study presents new opportunities in the development of liposome formulations incorporating omega 3 fatty acids for cancer therapy.
Randomized clinical trials on the effects of dietary fat and carbohydrate on plasma lipoproteins and cardiovascular disease; Several dietary approaches have reduced cardiovascular events in randomized clinical trials. Replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat prevented coronary events in men, and a Mediterranean diet and fatty fish improved survival. None of these trials had much impact on total fat intake but rather increased vegetable oils, n-3 fatty acids, or many other plant foods or nutrients that are linked to coronary prevention. The reductions in cardiovascular disease (CVD) caused by these dietary therapies compare favorably with drug treatments for hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Improvement in blood lipid risk factors is an important mechanism to explain the,results of trials of unsaturated fats. When saturated or trans unsaturated fats are replaced with monounsaturated or n-6 polyunsaturated fats from vegetable oils, primarily low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreases. The LDL to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio decreases. When carbohydrates are used to replace saturated fats, in a low-fat diet, LDL and HDL decrease similarly, and the ratio is not improved; triglycerides increase as well when carbohydrate increases, except when low glycemic index foods are used. The n-3 polyunsaturated fats in fish oils suppress cardiac arrhythmias and reduce triglycerides, but they have little effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol levels. The theme should be that diet. has benefits that come directly from foods, as well as from the reduction in saturated fats, cholesterol, meats, and fatty dairy foods. It is likely that many diets could be designed that could prevent CVD. This potential diversity is crucial for engaging the diverse cultures and tastes of people worldwide in cardiovascular disease prevention. (C) 2002 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
7 A High Linoleic Acid Diet does not Induce Inflammation in Mouse Liver or Adipose Tissue; Recently, the pro-inflammatory effects of linoleic acid (LNA) have been re-examined. It is now becoming clear that relatively few studies have adequately assessed the effects of LNA, independent of obesity. The purpose of this work was to compare the effects of several fat-enriched but non-obesigenic diets on inflammation to provide a more accurate assessment of LNA's ability to induce inflammation. Specifically, 8-week-old male C57Bl/6 mice were fed either saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA), LNA, or alpha-linolenic acid enriched diets (50 % Kcal from fat, 22 % wt/wt) for 4 weeks. Chow and high-fat, hyper-caloric diets were used as negative and positive controls, respectively. Expression of pro-inflammatory and pro-coagulant markers from epididymal fat, liver, and plasma were measured along with food intake and body weights. Mice fed the high SFA, MUFA, and high-fat diets exhibited increased pro-inflammatory markers in liver and adipose tissue; however, mice fed LNA for four weeks did not display significant changes in pro-inflammatory or pro-coagulant markers in epididymal fat, liver, or plasma. The present study demonstrates that LNA alone is insufficient to induce inflammation. Instead, it is more likely that hyper-caloric diets are responsible for diet-induced inflammation possibly due to adipose tissue remodeling.
EPA attenuates ultraviolet radiation-induced downregulation of aquaporin-3 in human keratinocytes; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) that protects against photodamage and photocarcinogenesis in mammals. Aquaporin-3 (AQP3) is a water/glycerol transport protein that is found in basal layer keratinocytes. In this study, we have investigated the protective effect of EPA against ultraviolet B (UVB)-induced AQP3 downregulation in human keratinocytes. EPA treatment was found to increase AQP3 gene and protein expression in human epidermal keratinocytes (HaCaT). Using a specific inhibitor, we observed that the effect of EPA on AQP3 expression was mediated by extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) activation. UVB radiation induced AQP3 downregulation in HaCaT cells, and it was found that EPA treatment attenuated UVB-induced AQP3 reduction and the associated cell death. UVB-induced downregulation of AQP3 was blocked by EPA and p38 inhibitor SB203580. Collectively, the present results show that EPA increased AQP3 expression and that this led to a reduction UVB-induced photodamage.
Fish oil increases atherosclerosis and hepatic steatosis, although decreases serum cholesterol in Wistar rat; BACKGROUND: It is known that fish oil consumption decreases incidence of cardiovascular disease. However, some studies showed that it increases atherosclerosis as it does not get completely metabolized by the liver. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of fish oil on aortic atherosclerosis, hepatic steatosis and serum lipids in rats.
Changes in dietary intake and food sources of saturated and <i>cis</i> and <i>trans</i> unsaturated fatty acids in Costa Rican adolescents: 1996 versus 2006; Objective: To identify how dietary intake and food sources of saturated (SFA) and cis (PUFA) and trans (TFA) unsaturated fatty acids in the diet of Costa Rican adolescents changed from 1996 to 2006-a period with several public health nutrition changes.
Lipids and cardiovascular disease: where does dietary intervention sit alongside statin therapy?; The Seven Countries Study suggested an association between serum cholesterol and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the association was not consistent across the various cohorts of participants in different countries; while it was very clear in US and Northern European cohorts, it was weak in Southern European and Japanese cohorts. Nevertheless, the study triggered research into cholesterol-lowering drug strategies, ultimately leading to the development of statins amongst others. Clinical evidence in support of statins is strong and the vast majority of the medical community advocate these drugs as highly effective first-line therapeutics in primary and secondary prevention of CVD. However, growing evidence of side-effects associated with statins in a significant proportion of patients suggests that these drugs are not a universal solution to CVD. There is a need, therefore, to revisit the evidence and to reappraise the relative importance of cholesterol amongst many other lipids as potential modulators of atherogenesis. In this review, we assess the relative merits of statin therapy in CVD versus dietary interventions that impact on lipids other than cholesterol, including omega-3 fatty acids and polar lipid fractions of various foods (e.g. fish and olive oil). We conclude that careful design around the lipid components of dietary interventions presents a credible alternative in patients who are intolerant to statins or averse to taking such drugs.
Effect of chia seed (<i>Salvia hispanica L</i>.) consumption on cardiovascular risk factors in humans: a systematic review; Introduction: chia is a seed rich in such nutrients as proteins, n-3 fatty acids and especially alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), minerals, fibers and antioxidants. Efforts have been made to assess whether human consumption of chia can reduce cardiovascular risk factors; however, it has not been established as effective and the findings of the few studies to have looked into the matter are inconsistent.
Trans fat involvement in cardiovascular disease; Coronary heart disease is becoming a worldwide epidemic and diet and lifestyle are well known contributing factors. Identifying the kinds of foods that may have a cardioprotective or cardiotoxic effect and understanding their molecular mechanisms of action has become of increasing importance. Through largely epidemiological evidence, trans fatty acid (TFA) intake has been associated with a variety of cardiovascular complications including atherosclerosis. Traditionally, industrial TFAs (iTFAs) have been associated with these deleterious cardiovascular effects. However, there is a current body of research that suggests that ruminant trans fats (rTFAs) may have a cardioprotective role within the heart. The molecular mechanisms whereby TFAs are delivering their effects are largely unknown. In the following review, we discuss recent in vitro, animal and epidemiological research to better understand the effect of TFAs in the diet on cardiovascular disease, particularly atherosclerosis.
Total Usual Nutrient Intakes and Nutritional Status of United Arab Emirates Children (4 Years-12.9 Years): Findings from the Kids Nutrition and Health Survey (KNHS) 2021; This study aims at investigating the anthropometric status and food consumption patterns of children in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and assessing their adherence to nutrient and dietary recommendations. It is a population-based cross-sectional survey of 690 children (4-12.9 years), from 3 major Emirates. Socio-demographic and anthropometric characteristics were collected. Dietary intakes were assessed using the 24-hour recall approach. Of the total sample, 4% were stunted, 8% were wasted and 28% were overweight/obese. A third of participating children consumed above the Estimated Energy Requirement, while the majority's intakes carbohydrate, total fat, and protein were within the recommendations; whereas over 70% and 90% of participants consumed above the WHO daily limits of free sugars and saturated fats, respectively. Inadequate intakes of linoleic acid (36% of children), alpha-linolenic acid (91%) and dietary fiber (100%) were observed. All children failed to meet the recommendation for vitamin D and considerable proportions had inadequate intakes of vitamin A, calcium, zinc, folate, and magnesium. Compared with the American Heart Association/American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations, low dietary adherence was noted for fruits (9%), vegetables (4%), and milk/dairy (14%). These findings may be used in the development of nutritional policies aimed at improving the diets of children in the UAE.
NON- HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN CHOLESTEROL AND CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETIC DYSLIPIDAEMIA; Elevated levels of blood lipids are one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular (CV) disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Diabetic dyslipidaemia is characterised by the presence of potentially atherogenic lipids, including high levels of plasma triglycerides (TGs), mild-to-moderately elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Statin therapy to reduce LDL-C levels is the mainstay of treatment practice to reduce CV risk. However, despite achieving targets for LDL-C, patients with diabetic dyslipidaemia remain at a high risk of residual CV events. Hence there is a need to target other components (i.e. elevated TGs) of the atherogenic dyslipidaemia that are not affected by treatment with statins. This review highlights the clinical benefits of using non-HDL-C, a single marker that includes all atherogenic lipoproteins, as a leading treatment target to reduce the residual CV risk.
Fish consumption and coronary heart disease mortality.: A systematic review of prospective cohort studies; Objectives: To review all prospective cohort studies examining the relationship between fish intake and coronary heart disease mortality, and to assess the strength and consistency of their findings.
Dietary intake of tocopherols and risk of incident disabling dementia; Tocopherols, strong antioxidants, may be useful in preventing dementia, but the epidemiological evidence is insufficient. We performed a community-based follow-up study of Japanese, the Circulatory Risk in Community Study, involving 3739 people aged 40-64 years at baseline (1985-1999). Incident disabling dementia was followed up from 1999 through 2020. For subtype analysis, we classified disabling dementia into that with and that without a history of stroke. Dietary intake of tocopherols (total, alpha, beta, gamma, and delta) were estimated using 24-h recall surveys. During a median follow-up of 19.7 years, 670 cases of disabling dementia developed. Total tocopherol intake was inversely associated with risk of disabling dementia with multivariable hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 0.79 (0.63-1.00) for the highest versus lowest quartiles of total tocopherol intake (P for trend = 0.05). However, the association was strengthened when further adjusted for alpha-linolenic acid intake (Spearman correlation with total tocopherol intake = 0.93), with multivariable hazard ratios of 0.50 (0.34-0.74) (P for trend = 0.001) but was weakened and nonsignificant when further adjusted for linoleic acid intake (Spearman correlation with total tocopherol intake = 0.92), with multivariable hazard ratios of 0.69 (0.47-1.01) (P for trend = 0.05). Similar but nonsignificant inverse associations were observed for alpha-, gamma-, and delta-tocopherols but not for beta-tocopherol. These results were similar regardless of the presence of a history of stroke. Dietary tocopherol intake was inversely associated with risk of disabling dementia, but its independent effect was uncertain owing to a high intercorrelation of alpha-linolenic linoleic acids with total tocopherol intake. Even with such confounding, a diet high in tocopherols may help prevent the onset of dementia.
The source of dietary fatty acids alters the activity of secretory sphingomyelinase in the rat; Secretory sphingomyelinase (sSMase) has been suggested to be involved in the development of cardiovascular diseases as well as other human pathologies. To deduce whether dietary fatty acid composition affects the circulating activity of this enzyme, we have compared its activity in serum from rats that had been given a diet containing either butter or a highly n-6 polyunsaturated [grapeseed oil (GSO)] fat source for 14 wk. The results show that intake of GSO increases the activity of this ceramide-producing enzyme by about 45%, when compared with intake of butter (387 +/- 16 pmol/mL center dot h vs. 266 +/- 15 pmol/mL center dot h; p <0.001). Furthermore, there was a strong negative correlation between sSMase activity and n-3 PUFA concentration in serum (p <0.001). Despite the substantial increase in activity, there was no difference in either the circulating substrate (sphingomyelin) or product (ceramide) in the serum. However, since the sSMase activity in the endothelial wall has been implicated to be involved in both atherogenesis and thrombosis, these findings are of interest in the interpretation of dietary fatty acid effects on cardiovascular health.
High intake of fatty fish, but not of lean fish, improved postprandial glucose regulation and increased the <i>n</i>-3 PUFA content in the leucocyte membrane in healthy overweight adults: a randomised trial; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is low in populations with a high fish intake; however prospective studies with fish intake have shown positive, negative or no association between fish intake and the risk for T2D. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of high intake of lean or fatty fish on glucose tolerance, leucocyte membrane fatty acid composition and leucocyte function in overweight/obese adults. In this randomised clinical trial, sixty-eight healthy overweight/obese participants consumed 750 g/week of either lean or fatty fish as dinners, or were instructed to continue their normal eating habits but to avoid fish intake (control group), for 8 weeks. Energy and macronutrient intake and physical activity were not changed within the groups during the study period. High intake of fatty fish, but not of lean fish, significantly improved glucose regulation 120 min postprandially (P=0012), but did not affect fasting glucose concentration. A smaller increase in fasting to 120 min postprandial insulin C-peptide concentration was seen after fatty fish intake (P=0012). Lean fish increased the DHA content in leucocyte membranes (P=0010), and fatty fish increased the total content of n-3 PUFA (P=000016) and reduced the content of n-6 PUFA (P=000057) in leucocyte membranes. Lean and fatty fish intake did not affect phagocytosis of bacteria ex vivo. The findings suggest that high intake of fatty fish, but not of lean fish, beneficially affected postprandial glucose regulation in overweight/obese adults, and may therefore prevent or delay the development of T2D in this population.
Linoleic Acid: A Narrative Review of the Effects of Increased Intake in the Standard American Diet and Associations with Chronic Disease; The intake of linoleic acid (LA) has increased dramatically in the standard American diet. LA is generally promoted as supporting human health, but there exists controversy regarding whether the amount of LA currently consumed in the standard American diet supports human health. The goal of this narrative review is to explore the mechanisms that underlie the hypothesis that excessive LA intake may harm human health. While LA is considered to be an essential fatty acid and support health when consumed in modest amounts, an excessive intake of LA leads to the formation of oxidized linoleic acid metabolites (OXLAMs), impairments in mitochondrial function through suboptimal cardiolipin composition, and likely contributes to many chronic diseases that became an epidemic in the 20th century, and whose prevalence continues to increase. The standard American diet comprises 14 to 25 times more omega-6 fatty acids than omega-3 fatty acids, with the majority of omega-6 intake coming from LA. As LA consumption increases, the potential for OXLAM formation also increases. OXLAMs have been associated with various illnesses, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and Alzheimer's disease, among others. Lowering dietary LA intake can help reduce the production and accumulation of OXLAMs implicated in chronic diseases. While there are other problematic components in the standard American diet, the half-life of LA is approximately two years, which means the damage can be far more persistent than other dietary factors, and the impact of reducing excessive LA intake takes time. Therefore, additional research-evaluating approaches to reduce OXLAM formation and cardiolipin derangements following LA consumption are warranted.
COMPARATIVE EFFICACY OF N-3 AND N-6 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN MODULATING VENTRICULAR-FIBRILLATION THRESHOLD IN MARMOSET MONKEYS; Programmed electrical stimulation in anesthetized marmoset monkeys was used to examine relative antiarrhythmic efficacies of dietary n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish and plant oils. Diets contained 31% of energy (en%) as fat, comprising 15 en% saturated fat and 7 en% PUFAs, obtained by blending sheep fat with sunflower seed (SF/SSO) or fish oil (SF/FO) and a base diet. After 16-wk feeding, ventricular fibrillation (VF) was inducible in 6 of 10 animals on each diet under control conditions. The VF threshold (VFT) was significantly elevated in the SF/FO group (33.3 +/- 3.1 mA; n = 6) compared with the SF/SSO group (14.3 +/- 4.9 mA; n = 6). VFT, reduced during acute myocardial ischemia with 10 of 10 animals inducible per diet, remained significantly higher with SF/FO feeding. The SF/FO diet contained 3.8 en% as n-3 PUFAs, which was incorporated as 31% of myocardial membrane fatty acids. Dietary n-3 PUFA reduced vulnerability of normal or ischemic myocardium to arrhythmias in a nonhuman primate.
The European Hare (<i>Lepus europaeus</i>): A Picky Herbivore Searching for Plant Parts Rich in Fat; European hares of both sexes rely on fat reserves, particularly during the reproduc-tive season. Therefore, hares should select dietary plants rich in fat and energy. However, hares also require essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) such as linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) to reproduce and survive. Although hares are able to absorb PUFA selectively in their gastrointestinal tract, it is unknown whether this mechanism is sufficient to guarantee PUFA supply. Thus, diet selection may involve a trade-off between a preference for energy versus a preference for crucial nutrients, namely PUFA. We compared plant and nutrient availability and use by hares in an arable landscape in Austria over three years. We found that European hares selected their diet for high energy content (crude fat and crude protein), and avoided crude fibre. There was no evidence of a preference for plants rich in LA and ALA. We conclude that fat is the limiting resource for this herbivorous mammal, whereas levels of LA and ALA in forage are sufficiently high to meet daily requirements, especially since their uptake is enhanced by physiological mechanisms. Animals selected several plant taxa all year round, and preferences did not simply correlate with crude fat content. Hence, European hares might not only select for plant taxa rich in fat, but also for high-fat parts of preferred plant taxa. As hares preferred weeds/grasses and various crop types while avoiding cereals, we suggest that promoting heterogeneous habitats with high crop diversity and set-asides may help stop the decline of European hares throughout Europe.
Mammary inflammation around parturition appeared to be attenuated by consumption of fish oil rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Background: Mastitis endangers the health of domestic animals and humans, and may cause problems concerning food safety. It is documented that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) play significant roles in attenuating saturated fatty acids (SFA)-induced inflammation. This study was therefore conducted to determine whether mammary inflammation could be affected by consumption of diets rich in n-3 PUFA.
Effects of Fatty Acids on Hematological Neoplasms: A Mini Review; Hematological neoplasias are the fourth cause of death in the world. All of them are responsible of bad quality of life, due to heavy therapies administration and a lot of side effects correlated to. It arises a new concept of "multitherapy", in which fatty acids availment is used to contrast and reduce toxic effects and ameliorate chemotherapeutic agents asset. In Vitro studies have confirmed that fatty acids, in particular omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are able to help canonical therapies to contrast cancer cell expansion and proliferation. In clinical trials it is also almost clear that fatty acids are useful to build new personalized therapies for a better condition of life. In this review we have summarized most recent studies on cancer cell lines and clinical trials on patients with fatty acids supplementation in diet therapies. We have found that fatty acids could be useful to contrast side effects during chemotherapeutic drugs therapies; they are also able to block cancer cell metabolic pathways for proliferation and contrast adverse effects, even when they are used in combination with traditional therapies or innovative, like monoclonal antibodies or CAR-T therapy. These aspects are crucial for better health condition of patients.
CARDIAC MORTALITY IN ALASKA INDIGENOUS AND NONNATIVE RESIDENTS; Cardiac disease mortality in Alaska, from both ischaemic and rheumatic heart disease, is of interest given the high consumption of fish and high streptococcal disease rates in the indigenous population. Uniformly coded underlying cause-of-death data for the period 1979-1988, compared with that from 1955-1965, indicated that deaths from all cardiac diseases combined, have been increasing in Alaska Natives over the past 30 years. Recent mortality from all cardiac, ischaemic, and rheumatic heart diseases in Alaska Natives were 80%, 61%, and 202% of those corresponding levels in Alaskan whites, whose cardiac mortality closely profiles US whites. Alaska Native men aged 30-45 years had higher overall mortality rates for cardiac diseases than did whites because of higher mortality rates of rheumatic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Elderly Alaska Native men had lower rates than whites, reflecting less ischaemic heart disease mortality. The lowest levels of ischaemic heart disease mortality, less than one-third that of US whites, occurred in Alaskan Eskimos who lived in an area with documented patterns of high salmon consumption by individuals with high blood concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids. Elevated mortality from non-ischaemic heart disease and previously documented genetic markers suggest associations deserving further study.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Supplementation, Vascular Function and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Young Adults; Background-A high consumption of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, and particularly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, while DHA supplementation may have benefits for secondary prevention, few studies have investigated the role of DHA in the primary prevention of CVD. Here, we tested the hypothesis that DHA supplementation improves endothelial function and risk factors for CVD.
Impact of rs174537 on Critically Ill Patients with Acute Lung Injury: A Secondary Analysis of the OMEGA Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Nutrition in the intensive care unit is vital for patient care; however, immunomodulatory diets rich in PUFAs like. -linolenic acid (GLA), EPA, and DHA remain controversial for patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome. We postulate that genetic variants impacting PUFA metabolism contribute to mixed responses to PUFA-rich diets.
Absence of cardiovascular benefits and sportfish consumption among St. Lawrence River anglers; The benefits of sportfish consumption and omega-3 fatty acid (omega3-FA) intake for cardiovascular risk factors were evaluated in a sample of 112 male fishers from the St. Lawrence River in the Montreal area during the 1996 winter and fall fishing seasons. A questionnaire on fishing practices and fish consumption was administered, and fasting blood samples were collected for lipid and phospholipid determination. Linear regression analyses, which considered the confounding effect of major risk factors, did not show any significant association between measured omega3-FAs or reported fish intake and blood lipids or blood pressure. This study is limited by its low statistical power due to the small sample size and the possibility that the fish eaten by the participants were low in omega3-FAs or that the participants diets contained foods high in cholesterol-raising fat. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Determination of the Composition of Fatty Acid Mixtures Using GC x FI-MS: A Comprehensive Two-Dimensional Separation Approach; Gas chromatography using a highly polar column combined with field ionization mass spectrometry (FI-MS) is used as a comprehensive two-dimensional (2D) separation approach to analyze mixtures of fatty acid methyl esters (FAMEs). A unique ordered pattern and classification of FAMEs is obtained in a 2D GC x Fl-MS separation plot based on the number of carbons, the degree of unsaturation, and a combination of both by which the geometrical, positional, and structural isomers group together. FAMEs with different chain length but identical geometry, position, and degree of unsaturation follow linear patterns. These subclassifications (linear functions) can provide information about the geometry, position, and structure of unsaturation of an unknown FAME. Non-FAMEs and FAMEs with different functional groups are identified using the ordered separation pattern of the FAMEs in the GC x FI-MS plot and the exact mass data from the FI-MS mode. Measurement of exact mass also acts as a high-resolution separation technique to separate overlapping peaks. The method is illustrated by application to samples of fish, canola, and biodiesel oils and standard mixtures of 37 FAMEs and of alpha-linolenic acid methyl ester geometrical isomers. A great wealth of information is achieved in a single run.
Induction of Chlorosis, ROS Generation and Cell Death by a Toxin Isolated from <i>Pyricularia oryzae</i>; The ethyl acetate extract of the conidia germination fluid from an Avena isolate (Br58) of Pyricularia oryzae had chlorosis-inducing activity on oat leaf segments. The same activity was also present in the acetone extract of an oatmeal agar culture of Br58. Fungal cultures were used for a large-scale preparation. A series of acetone and ethyl acetate extraction monitored by chromatography was used to isolate an active fraction. The active principle was purified by HPLC. We show by NAIR and LC/MS that the toxin was an oxidized C18 unsaturated fatty acid named Mag-toxin. Mag-toxin induced chlorosis on oat leaf segments incubated in the light but not in the dark. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) and cell death were induced by Mag-toxin in oat cells. The subcellular localization of ROS generation induced by the toxin treatment was correlated with the location of mitochondria. Interestingly, the induction of ROS generation and cell death by Mag-toxin was light-independent.
Randomized trial to evaluate nutritional status and absorption of enteral feeding after brain death; Context-Catecholamines and inflammatory mediators, with elevated levels after brain death, are associated with reduced function and survival of transplanted organs. Enteral nutrition reduces tissue damage and may benefit organs.
Docosahexaenoic acid-induced apoptosis is mediated by activation of mitogen-activated protein kinases in human cancer cells; Background: The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) in cancer prevention has been demonstrated; however, the exact molecular mechanisms underlying the anticancer activity omega 3-PUFAs are not fully understood. Here, we investigated the relationship between the anticancer action of a specific omega 3-PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the conventional mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) including extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), c-JUN N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 whose dysregulation has been implicated in human cancers.
Dietary fat and cardiovascular disease risk: Quantity or quality?; When considering dietary fat quantity, there are two main factors to consider, impact on body weight and plasma lipoprotein profiles. Data supporting a major role of dietary fat quantity in determining body weight are weak and may be confounded by differences in energy density, dietary fiber, and dietary protein. With respect to plasma lipoprotein profiles, relatively consistent evidence indicates that under isoweight conditions, decreasing the total fat content of the diet causes an increase in triglyceride and decrease in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels. When considering dietary fat quality, current evidence suggests that saturated fatty acids tend to increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, whereas monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids tend to decrease LDL cholesterol levels. Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (22:6n-3), are associated with decreased triglyceride levels in hypertriglyceridemic patients and decreased risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD). Dietary trans-fatty acids are associated with increased LDL cholesterol levels. Hence, a diet low in saturated and trans-fatty acids, with adequate amounts of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, would be recommended to reduce the risk of developing CHD. Additionally, the current data suggest it is necessary to go beyond dietary fat, regardless of whether the emphasis is on quantity or quality, and consider lifestyle. This would include encouraging abstinence from smoking, habitual physical activity, avoidance of weight gain with age, and responsible limited alcohol intake (one drink for females and two drinks for males per day).
<i>n</i>-6 Fatty acid-specific and mixed polyunsaturate dietary interventions have different effects on CHD risk: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Randomised controlled trials (RCT) of mixed n-6 and n-3 PUFA diets, and meta-analyses of their CHD outcomes, have been considered decisive evidence in specifically advising consumption of 'at least 5-10% of energy as n-6 PUFA'. Here we (1) performed an extensive literature search and extracted detailed dietary and outcome data enabling a critical examination of all RCT that increased PUFA and reported relevant CHD outcomes; (2) determined if dietary interventions increased n-6 PUFA with specificity, or increased both n-3 and n-6 PUFA (i.e. mixed n-3/n-6 PUFA diets); (3) compared mixed n-3/n-6 PUFA to n-6 specific PUFA diets on relevant CHD outcomes in meta-analyses; (4) evaluated the potential confounding role of trans-fatty acids (TFA). n-3 PUFA intakes were increased substantially in four of eight datasets, and the n-6 PUFA linoleic acid was raised with specificity in four datasets. n-3 and n-6 PUFA replaced a combination of TFA and SFA in all eight datasets. For non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) + CHD death, the pooled risk reduction for mixed n-3/n-6 PUFA diets was 22% (risk ratio (RR) 0.78; 95% CI 0.65, 0.93) compared to an increased risk of 13% for n-6 specific PUFA diets (RR 1.13; 95% CI 0.84, 1.53). Risk of non-fatal MI + CHD death was significantly higher in n-6 specific PUFA diets compared to mixed n-3/n-6 PUFA diets (P=0.02). RCT that substituted n-6 PUFA for TFA and SFA without simultaneously increasing n-3 PUFA produced an increase in risk of death that approached statistical significance (RR 1.16; 95% CI 0.95, 1.42). Advice to specifically increase n-6 PUFA intake, based on mixed n-3/n-6 RCT data, is unlikely to provide the intended benefits, and may actually increase the risks of CHD and death.
Effect of n-3 and n-6 unsaturated fatty acids on prostate cancer (PC-3) and prostate epithelial (RWPE-1) cells <i>in vitro</i>; Prostate cancer (PCa) is one of the leading causes of death in the elderly men. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) regulate proliferation of cancer cells. In the present study, we evaluated the effect of various PUFAs on the proliferation and survival of human prostate cancer (PC-3) and human prostate epithelial (RWPE-1) cells in vitro. LA, GLA, AA, ALA, EPA and DHA (linoleic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid respectively) when tested at 50, 100, 150, and 200 mu M inhibited proliferation of RWPE-1 and PC-3 cells, except that lower concentrations of LA (25 mu M) and GLA (5, 10 mu M) promoted proliferation. Though all fatty acids tested produced changes in the production of interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipoxin A(4) and free radical generation by RWPE-1 and PC-3 cells, there were significant differences in their ability to do so. As expected, supplementation of various n-3 and n-6 fatty acids to RWPE-1 and PC-3 cells enhanced the content of the added fatty acids and their long-chain metabolites in these cells. In contrast to previous results, we did not find any direct correlation between inhibition of cell proliferation induced by various fatty acids and free radical generation. These results suggest that polyunsaturated fatty acids suppress proliferation of normal and tumor cells by a variety of mechanisms that may partly depend on the type(s) of cell(s) being tested and the way these fatty acids are handled by the cells. Hence, it is suggested that more deeper and comprehensive studies are needed to understand the actions of fatty acids on the growth of normal and tumor cells.
Association of Seafood Consumption and Mercury Exposure With Cardiovascular and All-Cause Mortality Among US Adults; IMPORTANCE Although seafood is known to contain heart-healthy omega-3 fatty acids, many people choose to limit their seafood consumption because of fear of mercury exposure from seafood. It is imperative to clarify the potential health effects of current mercury exposure in contemporary populations.
Role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after acute coronary syndrome; The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease has recently been debated. The GISSI-Prevention trial demonstrated that supplementation with 1 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid (EPA/DHA) was associated with a reduction in all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients with myocardial infarction. However, some subsequent meta-analyses, though not without methodological flaws, did not confirm the beneficial effect on cardiovascular mortality. More evidence has recently become available from the analysis of "real-world" data that point to the effectiveness of PUFA supplementation in reducing cardiovascular events in patients with recent acute coronary syndrome. Meantime, in the determination no. 94 by the Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA), reimbursement of PUFAs containing at least 85% of EPA and DHA has been recognized for 12 months in patients with acute coronary syndrome and ejection fraction >40% and for 18 months in those with ejection fraction <= 40%.
Effect of flaxseed oil and flour on sensory, physicochemical and fatty acid profile of the fruit yoghurt; The objective of this study was to incorporate flaxseed oil, flaxseed flour and fruits for the preparation of fruit yoghurt and analysed for their sensory, physicochemical and fatty acid profile. Overall acceptability of sensory scores indicates that fruit yoghurt (20% fruit and sugar mixture) with incorporation of flaxseed oil up to 2% and flaxseed flour up to 1% in combination can be used for preparation of fruit yoghurt with acceptable sensory attributes. The scores drastically reduced for yoghurt samples wherein 2% flaxseed flour was incorporated. The mixture of sugar and fruits diluted the milk composition and resulted in lower values in the fruit yoghurts. The increase in fat, protein, carbohydrate, minerals content in the yoghurt was mainly contributed by the flaxseed oil and flour. The addition of flaxseed oil did not show any affect on the water activity of the yoghurt samples. The yoghurt had dietary fiber content of 1.24%. The fresh control fruit yoghurt showed the acidity value of 0.88% LA, while the corresponding value for experimental samples varied between 0.85 and 0.88% LA. TBA values increased with increased incorporation of flaxseed oil and flaxseed flour. The fatty acid analysis revealed that alpha linolenic acid (ALA) content increased from 0.45% of ALA in control sample to 22.80% of ALA in the final product.
Simvastatin and supplementation with ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vitamins improves claudication distance in a randomized PILOT study in patients with peripheral vascular disease; Peripheral vascular disease (PVD) is a manifestation of systemic atherosclerosis. Statins and a number of nutrients are effective in controlling the risk for cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that a combined intervention of a selection of nutrients together with simvastatin could ameliorate the risk factors and clinical symptoms in these patients. A 12-month longitudinal, randomized, controlled pilot study was conducted in which 40 male PVD patients with intermittent claudication were allocated into 4 intervention groups. Group S was provided with 500 mL/d of a fortified dairy product containing fish oil, oleic acid, folic acid, and other vitamins. Group SS consumed the same fortified product plus 20 mg/d of simvastatin. Group C was provided with 500 mL/d of semiskimmed milk, and group CS received semiskimmed milk plus simvastatin. Every 6 months, blood collections and clinical examinations were performed. Groups S and SS tripled their claudication distance (P < .001), and group SS increased ankle-brachial index (P < .05). Group S and SS increased their plasma levels of folate, eicosapentaenoic, docosahexaenoic, and oleic acids (P < .05) and decreased their homocysteine concentration (P < .05). In addition, group C had increased total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations (P < .05). In the groups that consumed the nutritional supplement, the increase in claudication distance correlated with the increase of plasma docosahexaenoic acid (r = 0.40; P < .05). These results suggest that the combination of hypolipidemic therapy and a daily consumption of cardioprotective nutrients could be effective in PVD management. Moreover, this pilot study suggests that nutrients per se might play a major role in producing the benefits observed. Further studies are needed to clarify the potential role of nutritional interventions in PVD progression and management. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia with icosapent ethyl in patients with high/very high cardiovascular risk. Consensus document of the Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia [Spanish Society of Cardiology] and the Sociedad Espanola de Diabetes [Spanish Diabetes Society]; The Working Groups of Cardiovascular Pharmacotherapy of the Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia and Cardiovascular Disease of the Sociedad Espanola de Diabetes have prepared a consensus document on the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia in patients with high/very-highcardiovascular risk with icosapent ethyl, a highly purified and stable eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester. This document is necessary since there are differences among the three main omega-3 fatty acids and there is large-scale clinical evidence with icosapent ethyl that demonstratesthat in addition to its efficacy in lowering triglyceridaemia, it reduces the risk of cardiovascularevents in both patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and in those with type 2diabetes, with a good safety profile. The number needed to treat to avoid a major cardiovascularevent is analysed, comparing it with other pivotal studies of pharmacological intervention incardiovascular prevention, and an estimate of the Spanish population likely to be treated withethyl icosapent is carried out. These recommendations are of interest to all clinicians whomanage patients with lipid metabolism disorders, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. (c) 2022 SEEN and SED. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Fish intake and risk of cardiovascular events: an analysis of the VITAL cohort; Background Dietary habits with fish consumption have been associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease, based on heterogenous observational studies. Current recommendations suggest eating at least 1-2 fish servings per week for CV prevention. Methods We conducted a retrospective evaluation of a cohort study that enrolled a large primary prevention population to determine the potential benefit of fish intake >= 1.5 serving per week, through a multivariate Cox regression model. The outcomes of interest included all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, MACE (composite endpoint of myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular causes), expanded MACE (MACE plus coronary revascularization), total myocardial infarction (MI), total coronary heart disease (CHD) and total stoke. The estimates were reported using hazard ratio (HR) with 99% confidence intervals (99% CI). Results A total of 25,435 patients were evaluated (11,921 individuals >= 1.5 fish servings/week; 13,514 < 1.5 fish servings per week). Intake >= 1.5 servings/week was not independently associated with CV outcomes reduction, such as CV mortality, MI risk MACE, expanded MACE outcomes, CHD or stroke (HR 0.78, 99% CI 0.57-1.07). Conclusion Fish intake >= 1.5 servings/week was not associated with CV outcomes improvement in this analysis, but potential benefit cannot be ruled out.
Canola oil decreases cholesterol and improves endothelial function in patients with peripheral arterial occlusive disease - a pilot study; Background: Dietary supplementation with omega-3 PUFAs has been shown to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. This pilot study investigated the effects of supplementation with plant-derived omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in patients with atherosclerosis.
n-3 PUFAs reduce tumor load and improve survival in a NASH-tumor mouse model; Background: With 9.1% of all cancer deaths, hepatocellular carcinoma is the second leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide. Due to the increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has evolved into a major risk factor for hepatocellular carcinoma development. Herein, we investigated whether a dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation improves the outcome of progressive NAFLD. Methods: Feeding three high-fat diets, differing in n-3 and n-6 PUFA contents and ratios (n-3/n-6: 1:8, 1:1, 5:1), the impact of n-3 PUFAs and n-3/n-6 PUFA ratios on NAFLD-related liver fibrosis and tumorigenesis was analyzed in 12- and 20-week-old streptozotocin/high-fat diet (STZ/HFD)-treated mice. Results: Feeding of n-3 PUFA-rich diets (1:1 and 5:1) resulted in increased hepatic n-3 PUFA content and n-3/n-6 PUFA ratio with decreased hepatic lipid accumulation. In 20-week-old mice, n-3 PUFA-rich diets alleviated tumor load significantly, with reduced liver/body weight index, tumor size, and tumor number. Finally, these effects were accompanied by a significant improvement of survival of these mice. Conclusions: Herein, we showed that increased n-3 PUFA content and n-3/n-6 PUFA ratios lead to improved survival and attenuated tumor progression in STZ/HFD-treated mice. Thus, n-3 PUFAs could be the basis for new therapeutic options against NAFLD-related tumorigenesis.
Association of fatty acid consumption with frailty and mortality among middle-aged and older adults; Objectives: Despite their role in health and disease, the relationship between fatty acids (FM) and frailty and mortality remains unclear. The aim of this study was to explore how FA intake is associated with frailty and mortality.
STUDIES IN RELATION TO LIPID METABOLISM IN MAN .1. POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS IN RELATION TO TOTAL FATTY ACIDS IN MALE AND FEMALE PATIENTS OF DIFFERENT AGES, WITH COMPLAINTS OF ANGINA PECTORIS; The polyunsaturated fatty acid content of serum total fatty acids was investigated in male and female patients suffering from angina pectoris. The group of test subjects consisted of 43 men and 29 women. Of them 15 men and 2 women previously had a myocardial infarction. Examinations were carried out before and during a period in which the patients received special dietary fats. An inverse relation between the serum total fatty acid content and its relative amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids was demonstrated. Changes in total and polyunsaturated fatty acids as induced by dietetic measures did not disturb this negative correlation. The decline in polyunsaturated fatty acid content with higher total fatty acid level was sharper in man than in women. At older age fewer polyunsaturated fatty acids were found at a certain total fatty acid level than at a younger age. This was true both for men and women. Apart from the other polyenes, triene did not vary in harmony with the total polyunsaturated fatty acid content. Therefore, the triene/ tetraene ratio increased together with the total fatty acid content. Alterations in polyunsaturated fatty acid composition on varying serum polyunsaturated fatty acid content were not statistically significant, the composition being almost the same in men and women. No differences were found between the patients who had a myocardial infarction previously and those with anginal complaints only.
Ethyl icosapentate (omega-3 fatty acid) causes accumulation of lipids in skeletal muscle but suppresses insulin resistance in OLETF rats; Ethyl icosapentate (EPA) is known to improve insulin resistance in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM); however, its mechanism is unclear. In this study, we attempted to determine the mechanism of EPA's effects on insulin resistance in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats. Administration of EPA caused a reduction in plasma cholesterol and triglycerides, but increased cholesterol and triglyceride contents in skeletal muscle. EPA did not have an effect on glucose or insulin levels. EPA accelerated the glucose infusion rate (GIR) and improved the endothelium-dependent relaxation of OLETF rat the thoracic aorta caused by addition of acetylcholine. However, the improvement observed in endothelium-dependent relaxation disappeared after addition of N-w-nitro-L-arginine (L-NA), Furthermore, when L-NA and indomethacine were added to the medium, relaxation of the aorta in EPA-treated rats was weaker than that in control rats, These actions may cause NO induction in the endothelium and an increase in prostaglandin I-2 (PGI(2)) and prostaglandin I-3 (PGI(3)) action, which in turn may result in improvement of insulin resistance. Copyright 2003, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
PLA2G2E-mediated lipid metabolism triggers brain-autonomous neural repair after ischemic stroke; The brain is generally resistant to regeneration after damage. The cerebral endogenous mechanisms triggering brain self-recovery have remained unclarified to date. We here discovered that the secreted phospholipase PLA2G2E from peri-infarct neurons generated dihomo-g-linolenic acid (DGLA) as necessary for triggering brain-autonomous neural repair after ischemic brain injury. Pla2g2e deficiency diminished the expression of peptidyl arginine deiminase 4 (Padi4), a global transcriptional regulator in peri-infarct neurons. Single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) and epigenetic analysis demonstrated that neuronal PADI4 had the potential for the transcriptional activation of genes associated with recovery processes after ischemic stroke through histone citrullination. Among various DGLA metabolites, we identified 15-hydroxy-eicosatrienoic acid (15-HETrE) as the cerebral metabolite that induced PADI4 in peri-infarct-surviving neurons. Administration of 15-HETrE enhanced functional recovery after ischemic stroke. Thus, our research clarifies the promising potential of brain-autonomous neural repair triggered by the specialized lipids that initiate self-recovery processes after brain injury.
Decreased Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Content Contributes to Increased Survival in Human Colon Cancer; Among diet components, some fatty acids are known to affect several stages of colon carcinogenesis, whereas others are probably helpful in preventing tumors. In light of this, our aim was to determine the composition of fatty acids and the possible correlation with apoptosis in human colon carcinoma specimens at different Duke's stages and to evaluate the effect of enriching human colon cancer cell line with the possible reduced fatty acid(s). Specimens of carcinoma were compared with the corresponding nonneoplastic mucosa: a significant decrease of arachidonic acid, PPARa, Bad, and Bax and a significant increase of COX-2, Bcl-2, and pBad were found. The importance of arachidonic acid in apoptosis was demonstrated by enriching a Caco-2 cell line with this fatty acid. It induced apoptosis in a dose- and time-dependent manner via induction of PPARa that, in turn, decreased COX-2. In conclusion, the reduced content of arachidonic acid is likely related to carcinogenic process decreasing the susceptibility of cancer cells to apoptosis. Copyright (C) 2009 Manuela Oraldi et al.
Dietary n-3 fatty acids have suppressive effects on mucin upregulation in mice infected with <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>; Background: Mucin hypersecretion and mucus plugging in the airways are characteristic features of chronic respiratory diseases like cystic fibrosis (CF) and contribute to morbidity and mortality. In CF, Pseudomonas aeruginosa superinfections in the lung exacerbate inflammation and alter mucus properties. There is increasing evidence that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) exhibit anti-inflammatory properties in many inflammatory diseases while n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid ( AA) favors inflammatory mediators such as eicosanoids prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and leukotriene B4 (LTB4) that may enhance inflammatory reactions. This suggests that n-3 PUFAs may have a protective effect against mucus over-production in airway diseases. Therefore, we hypothesized that n-3 PUFAs may downregulate mucins expression.
Diet-Gene Interactions and PUFA Metabolism: A Potential Contributor to Health Disparities and Human Diseases; The "modern western" diet (MWD) has increased the onset and progression of chronic human diseases as qualitatively and quantitatively maladaptive dietary components give rise to obesity and destructive gene-diet interactions. There has been a three-fold increase in dietary levels of the omega-6 (n-6) 18 carbon (C18), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) linoleic acid (LA; 18: 2n-6), with the addition of cooking oils and processed foods to the MWD. Intense debate has emerged regarding the impact of this increase on human health. Recent studies have uncovered population-related genetic variation in the LCPUFA biosynthetic pathway (especially within the fatty acid desaturase gene (FADS) cluster) that is associated with levels of circulating and tissue PUFAs and several biomarkers and clinical endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Importantly, populations of African descent have higher frequencies of variants associated with elevated levels of arachidonic acid (ARA), CVD biomarkers and disease endpoints. Additionally, nutrigenomic interactions between dietary n-6 PUFAs and variants in genes that encode for enzymes that mobilize and metabolize ARA to eicosanoids have been identified. These observations raise important questions of whether gene-PUFA interactions are differentially driving the risk of cardiovascular and other diseases in diverse populations, and contributing to health disparities, especially in African American populations.
Soy and fish oil intake and mortality in a Japanese community; The relation between intake of fish and soy products and subsequent all-cause and cause-specific mortality was examined in a cohort of 13,355 male and 15,724 female residents of Takayama, Gifu, Japan, A diet that included soy and fish intake was assessed in 1992 by using a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Over 7 years of follow-up, 2,062 participants (1,163 men and 899 women) died. For men, the highest compared with the lowest quintile of total soy product intake was marginally significantly inversely associated with total mortality after adjustment for total energy and nondietary covariates (hazard ratio = 0.83, 95% confidence interval: 0.69, 1.01; p for trend = 0.07). After adjustment for nondietary covariates, a decreased hazard ratio for the highest compared with the lowest quintile of total soy product intake was also observed for women (hazard ratio = 0.83, 95% confidence interval: 0,68, 1.02; p for trend = 0.04). Additional adjustment for dietary factors significantly associated with total mortality did not attenuate these associations, For women but not for men, n-3 fatty acids from fish were significantly inversely associated with total mortality. Results showed that soy intake may have moderate but beneficial effects on total mortality.
Metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in poultry: Role of dietary lipids; In the United States, supplemental dietary lipid is typically provided as an animal-vegetable blend using animal tallow or hydrogenated oils from the food industry. Lipids from these sources are rich in saturated, trans, n-6 fatty acids and poor in n-3 fatty acids. Linoleic (18:2 n-6) and alpha-linolenic (18:3 n-3) acids are essential fatty acids and are the precursors of long-chain n-6 and n-3 fatty acids such as arachidonic and eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA). Ester-linked arachidonic acid and EPA can be mobilized by phospholipase A(2) to generate free arachidonic acid and EPA, which can act as substrates for cyclooxygenase and lipooxygenase to produce eicosanoids. Eicosanoids derived from arachiclonic acid, prostaglandin E2, thromboxane B2, and leukotriene B4 are proinflammatory and more potent than eicosanoids derived from EPA such as prostaglandin E3, thromboxane B3, and leukotriene B5. Developing dietary strategies in broiler chickens that enhance the n-3 fatty acid content of tissues is also associated with lipid oxidation and muscle product quality. Therefore, alternative strategies for enhancing tissue n-3 fatty acid content without affecting growth and product quality must be devised. The role of maternal (yolk) fatty acids in modulating the long-chain n-3 fatty acid content of tissues and eicosanoid production in chickens fed a diet lacking in long-chain n-3 fatty acids is investigated. Up to d 42 of growth, the cardiac tissues of chicks hatched from hens fed a high n-3 diet retained higher levels of long-chain n-3 fatty acids than those of chicks hatched from hens fed a low n-3 diet. Chicks hatched from hens fed a high n-3 diet produced less proinflammatory eicosanoids than chicks hatched from hens fed a low n-3 diet. Modulating maternal dietary n-3 fatty acids enhances tissue retention of n-3 fatty acids during growth and reduces proinflammatory eicosanoid production in chicks, which could lead to fewer metabolic and inflammatory-related disorders in poultry.
Desirable intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids in Indonesian adults; A Indonesian Advisory Group on Fatty Acid Nutrition and Health was established in 2004 to consider the increasing incidence of nutritionally-related cardiovascular disease in Indonesia. Emerging international recommendations often focused on dietary fat and may not have been relevant to the national situation. Traditional dietary patterns were apparently protective against ischaemic heart disease often with fat derived dominantly from a particular source like coconut, soy, peanut or fish. These fats were used in ways which promoted the use of potentially cardioprotecive foods like legumes, vegetables, fruits and aquatic food. Optimal intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids in Indonesia are likely to reflect both absolute intakes and the relationships between n-3 and n-6 fatty acids of longer chain lengths. This leaves some issues for active and continuing review, like the intakes of trans fatty acids, and the regulatory and food labelling implications. Some studies underway and others which need implementation will enable the Advisory Group to prepare a second report with more basis in Indonesian evidence. In the meantime, the Advisory Group has recommended that the AHA (American Heart Association) and ISSFAL (International Society for the Study of Fatty Acids and Lipids) recommendations obtain until the end of 2007.
Sudden unexpected death in Parkinson's disease: Insights from clinical practice; Classified as the second most common neurodegenerative disorder associated with aging after Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease (PD) is the most common movement disorder. In the last decade, despite advances in treatment, mortality rates linked with PD continued to reach significant figures. Available studies have shown that compared with healthy controls, patients with PD are accompanied by high rates of premature death. This is usually caused by factors such as pneumonia and cerebrovascular and cardiovascular diseases. Recently, it has been demonstrated that a significant proportion of patients with PD die suddenly. This is referred to as a sudden and unexpected death in PD (SUDPAR). Here, we focus on the magnitude of SUDPAR. Finally, it is important to learn more about SUDPAR for the implementation of effective prevention strategies.
SLC35E3 identified as a target of novel-m1061-5p via microRNA profiling of patients with cardiovascular disease; MicroRNAs (miRNA) are considered to be potential therapeutic targets for the treatment of various cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). To understand the underlying mechanism of miRNAs and target genes associated with CVD, deep sequencing of blood samples from three patients with CVD and three controls was performed using the Illumina HiSeq 2000 system. The results of the present study revealed that 65 abnormal hsa-miRNAs targeted 2,784 putative genes in patients with CVD; 59 upregulated miRNAs targeted 2,401 genes and six downregulated miRNAs targeted 383 genes. In addition, a total of 49 Gene Ontology (GO) biological processes and were enriched, and the target genes of downregulated miRNAs were enriched in 12 Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways. Most of these pathways are responsible for lipid and glycan metabolism. In particular, three downregulated miRNAs, hsa-miR-1268b, hsa-miR-1273d, hsa-miR-3187-5p, were involved in a-linolenic acid metabolism. The target genes of upregulated miRNAs were enriched in 15 KEGG pathways, mainly in the neurodegenerative diseases and cancers' class. In the present study five novel upregulated miRNAs, including m0499-5p, m0970-5p, m1042-5p, m1061-5p and m1953-5p, and a downregulated miRNA, novel-m1627-5p, were identified in patients with CVD. Novel-m1627-5p was demonstrated to target 146 human genes. Additionally, Novel-m1061-5p targeted four genes, including fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain containing 2A, potassium voltage-gated channel, Shaw-related subfamily, member 4, coiled-coil domain containing 85C and solute carrier family 35 member E3 (SLC35E3). The GO term, carbohydrate derivative transport involving in biological process', was associated with SLC35E3. Novel-m1061-5p in patients with CVD may repress the expression levels of SLC35E3, a member of the nucleoside sugar transporter subfamily E, which is known to cause defective glycol-conjugation in the Golgi complex and/or the endoplasmic reticulum. Further investigation is required to understand the underlying mechanisms of the novel miRNAs. Novel-m1061-5p may serve as a marker for prognosis or a potential target for the treatment of CVD.
Effects of a Supplementation of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids with or without Fish Gelatin on Gene Expression in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Obese, Insulin-Resistant Subjects; Aim: To investigate gene expression changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) following an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and n-3 PUFA plus fish gelatin (+FG) supplementation. Methods: A transcriptome comparison of 8-week supplementation with n-3 PUFA and n-3 PUFA+FG was carried out in PBMCs of 16 obese insulin-resistant subjects. Results: Erythrocyte n-3 PUFA concentration increased and plasma triglycerides decreased significantly without altering inflammatory parameters after both supplementations. n-3 PUFA supplementation changed the expression of 805 genes, whereas n-3 PUFA+FG supplementation altered the expression of 184 genes. Three genes were commonly changed: fatty acid desaturase 1, free fatty acid receptor 3, and ectodysplasin. Pathway analyses indicate changes in gene expression via the nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha pathway after both supplementations. Further, the extent of modifications in the expression of genes implicated in the inflammatory pathways - the oxidative stress response mediated by nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2, nuclear transcription factor kappa B, oxidative stress, and hypoxia-inducible factor signaling - was different after each supplementation. Conclusion: Although n-3 PUFA and n-3 PUFA+FG supplementations have a distinct impact on gene expression levels, the consequences on biochemical parameters and metabolic pathways were comparable after both supplementations. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Nuts and novel biomarkers of cardiovascular disease; Nuts are energy-dense foods, rich in total fat and unsaturated fatty acids. The favorable fatty acid profile probably contributes to the beneficial effects of nut consumption observed in epidemiologic studies (prevention of coronary heart disease and diabetes) and feeding trials (cholesterol lowering). Besides fat, the complex matrices of nuts contain many bioactive compounds: vegetable protein, fiber, minerals, tocopherols, and phenolic compounds. By virtue of their unique composition, nuts are likely to benefit newer cardiovascular risk biomarkers, such as LDL oxidizability, soluble inflammatory molecules, and endothelial dysfunction. Protection of LDL oxidation by nut intake has been documented in some, but not all, clinical studies. In one study, feeding one daily serving of mixed nuts was associated with lower oxidized LDL concentrations. Regarding inflammation, cross-sectional studies have shown that nut consumption is associated with lower concentrations of circulating inflammatory molecules and higher plasma adiponectin, a potent antiinflammatory adipokine. Clinical studies with nuts have documented reduced inflammatory cytokine concentrations but no consistent changes of C-reactive protein. Only walnuts have been formally tested for effects on endothelial function. After both walnut diets and single walnut meals, favorable vasoreactivity changes have been observed. Walnut consumption also reduced expression of endothelin 1, a potent endothelial activator, in an animal model of accelerated atherosclerosis. Beneficial effects on vascular reactivity may be ascribed to several constituents of walnuts: L-arginine, the precursor of nitric oxide, a-linolenic acid, and phenolic antioxidants. Although more studies are warranted, the emerging picture is that nut consumption beneficially influences cardiovascular risk beyond cholesterol lowering. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1649S-56S.
Chia (<i>Salvia hispanica</i> L.), a Pre-Hispanic Food in the Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus: Hypoglycemic, Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Inhibitory Properties of α-Glucosidase and α-Amylase, and in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered one of the major health diseases worldwide, one that requires immediate alternatives to allow treatments for DM to be more effective and less costly for patients and also for health-care systems. Recent approaches propose treatments for DM based on that; in addition to focusing on reducing hyperglycemia, they also consider multitargets, as in the case of plants. Among these, we find the plant known as chia to be highlighted, a crop native to Mexico and one cultivated in Mesoamerica from pre-Hispanic times. The present work contributes to the review of the antidiabetic effects of chia for the treatment of DM. The antidiabetic effects of chia are effective in different mechanisms involved in the complex pathogenesis of DM, including hypoglycemic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory mechanisms, and the inhibition of the enzymes alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase, as well as in the prevention of the risk of cardiovascular disease. The tests reviewed included 16 in vivo assays on rodent models, 13 clinical trials, and 4 in vitro tests. Furthermore, chia represents advantages over other natural products due to its availability and its acceptance and, in addition, as a component of the daily diet worldwide, especially due to its omega-3 fatty acids and its high concentration of dietary fiber. Thus, chia in the present work represents a source of antidiabetic agents that would perhaps be useful in novel clinical treatments.
Circulating microRNAs as putative mediators in the association between short-term exposure to ambient air pollution and cardiovascular biomarkers; Background: Exposure to ambient air pollution is associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) may mediate cardiovascular effects of exposure to air pollution. This study aims to investigate whether circulating miRNAs mediate the associations between short-term human exposure to ambient air pollution and cardiovascular biomarkers. Methods: Twenty-four healthy adults residing in the Research Triangle area of North Carolina, USA were enrolled between December 2016 and July 2019. Circulating miRNAs, protein, and lipid biomarkers were assessed repeatedly for 3 sessions separated by at least 7 days. Linear mixed-effects models were used to assess the associations between air pollutant concentrations obtained from nearby air quality monitoring stations and miRNAs controlling for covariates including omega-3 index, relative humidity, and temperature. miRNAs that were significantly altered were then matched with protein or blood lipid biomarkers using either Ingenuity Pathway Analysis or a literature search. A mediation analysis was performed to test the statistical significance of miRNA's mediating effects between exposure to air pollution and cardiovascular biomarkers. Results: Short-term exposure to ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5), ozone (O-3), and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) was associated with changes in 11, 9, and 24 circulating miRNAs, respectively. Pathway analysis showed that several miRNAs including miR-125b-5p, miR-144-5p, miR-26a-5p, and miR-34a-5p may mediate the effects of air pollutant exposure on the changes of downstream protein / lipid biomarkers including serum amyloid A (SAA), C-reactive protein (CRP), soluble vascular adhesive molecules 1 (sICAM1), total cholesterol, and high-density lipoproteins (HDL). Mediation analysis showed that only miR-26a-5p significantly mediated air pollutant (PM2.5 and NO2)-induced effects on blood CRP and total cholesterol levels. For example, 34.1% of PM2.5-associated changes in CRP were significantly mediated by miR-26a-5p at lag4 [indirect effects, 0.06 (0.02, 0.10), P = 0.005]. Similarly, the proportions of indirect effects of miR-26a-5p on the association between NO2 exposure and CRP were 46.8% at lag2 [0.06 (0.02, 0.11), P = 0.003], 61.2% at lag3 [0.05 (0.00, 0.09), P = 0.04], and 30.8% at 5-day moving average [0.06 (0.02, 0.10), P = 0.01]. In addition, omega-3 index may be a significant modifying factor of the mediated effects of miRNAs.
Effect of dietary inclusion of <i>Pyropia yezoensis</i> extract on biochemical and immune responses of olive flounder <i>Paralichthys olivaceus</i>; This study was aimed to investigate the effect of dietary inclusion of autoclaved water extract from Pyropia yezoensis on growth performance, and biochemical and immune responses in olive flounder Paralichthys olivaceus. Five fish meal-based diets were prepared by adding lyophilized P. yezoensis extract (PE) at the concentration of 0, 5, 10, 15, and 20 g kg(-1) diet (designated as PE0, PE5, PE10, PE15, and PE20, respectively). One of five experimental diets was fed to experimental fish. After 9 weeks of the feeding trial, weight gain and feed efficiency of the fish fed diets containing PE extract showed an increasing trend of better performance except for those fed PE20. Insulin-like growth factor-I was also increased in a dose dependent manner in those fed diet containing PE. Lipid level in the muscle and liver showed an increasing trend as dietary PE level was increased. Especially, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) including C18:3n-3, C20:4n-6, and C22:6n-3 in those muscles was significantly increased compared to control. Lysozyme activity in the plasma and kidney was increased in the fish fed PE5, PE10 and PE15, while interleukin-4 and -6 proteins were elevated only in the fish fed PE20 compared to control. During the 20 day-long challenge test with Streptococcus iniae, a cumulative mortality of infected flounder showed the highest mortality (90%) in control, whereas no mortality was observed in those fed PE15. The current study confirms earlier findings that feeding diet containing seaweed extract can induce enhancement of growth performances, immunity, and increase PUFA level in olive flounder. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fatty Acids Intake and Depressive Symptomatology in a Greek Sample: An Epidemiological Analysis; Background: Depression is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, but the association with dietary habits is not well understood. The aim of this work was to statistically model the association of depressive symptoms with fatty acids intake in persons free of cardiovascular disease.
Relation of plasma phospholipid and cholesterol ester fatty acid composition to carotid artery intima-media thickness: The atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study; We examined the relation of fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters with carotid artery intima-media thickness (a measure of atherosclerosis) in 2872 white men and women aged 45-64 y from the Minneapolis center of the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study. Ln both men and women, average carotid intima-media thickness was associated significantly (P < 0.01) and positively with saturated (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acid composition, and inversely with polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition and the ratio of PUFAs to SFAs in both phospholipids and cholesterol esters. These associations were independent of age, cigarette smoking, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, body mass index, diabetes, and hypertension in men; but in women, only SFAs and PUFAs in the cholesterol esters and the ratio of PUFAs to SFAs were independently associated. The plasma fatty acid pattern is associated with carotid atherosclerosis in a direction generally consistent with the dietary fat-coronary artery disease relation, These results support recommendations to reduce dietary saturated fat to prevent cardiovascular disease.
Modulation of antioxidant enzymes and apoptosis in mice by dietary lipids and treadmill exercise; The current experiments were designed to study the effect of dietary n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on antioxidant enzyme activity and dexamethasone (DEX)-induced apoptosis in spleen cells of sedentary (Sed) and treadmill-exercised (Ex) ICR male mice. Two-month-old mice maintained on AIN 76 formula diet, supplemented with either 5% corn oil (CO) or 5% fish oil (FO) diets, were trained on a treadmill to run from 45 to 50 min 1 km/day, 6 days a week for 12 weeks. After 12 weeks of exercise? both Sed and Ex groups were sacrificed. Blood and various tissues, including spleen, were collected asceptically. Increased serum and spleen homogenate peroxide [malondialdehyde (MDA)] levels were observed in mice fed FO (n-3 PUFA) diets, compared to mice fed CO (n-6 PUFA). However, exercise did not alter MDA levels in either CO- or FO-fed mice. Feeding n-3 PUFA significantly increased superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, and glutathione peroxidase activity of spleen homogenates. Exercise also significantly increased SOD and peroxidase in GO-fed animals, whereas catalase, glutathione peroxidase, and glutathione transferase were higher in FO-fed mice, compared to the Sed group. Apoptosis and necrosis were quantitated in splenocytes incubated with or without 1 mu M Dex in RPMI medium for 8 and 24 hr. Cells were stained with Annexin V and propidium iodide (PI) for apoptotic and necrotic cells. FO-fed mice showed higher apoptosis (64 vs 50%) and necrosis (40 vs 22%) in spleen cells than GO-fed mice. Cells from FO-fed mice, incubated in medium alone, showed increased apoptosis (112%) 24 hr after incubation, and necrosis (37 and 70%) at 8 and 24 hr of incubation, compared to GO-fed mice. In Ex group, apoptosis was increased in both CO- and FO-fed mice only at 24 hr after incubation. In summary, these results indicate that FO (n-3 PUFA-enriched) diets increase apoptosis and antioxidant enzyme activity in spleen cells, probably due to elevated lipid peroxides.
Association of <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> Positivity With Risk of Disease and Mortality; INTRODUCTION: Helicobacter pylori colonizes the human stomach. Infection causes chronic gastritis and increases the risk of gastroduodenal ulcer and gastric cancer. Its chronic colonization in the stomach triggers aberrant epithelial and inflammatory signals that are also associated with systemic alterations.
Pecan-enriched diets increase energy expenditure and fat oxidation in adults at-risk for cardiovascular disease in a randomised, controlled trial; Background Research indicates that diets enriched with unsaturated fatty acids improve energy metabolism, although studies on tree nuts, which are a rich source of those fats, are limited. The present study aimed to examine the impact of daily pecan consumption for 8 weeks on energy metabolism in adults with hypercholesterolaemia or at higher risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) (body mass index >= 28 kg m(-2)). Methods For this randomised, controlled trial, 56 sedentary adults were randomised into one of three treatments for an 8-week intervention: two pecan groups and a nut-free control group (n = 18). The ADD group (n = 16) consumed pecans as part of a free-living diet, whereas the SUB group (n = 18) substituted the pecans for isocaloric foods from their habitual diet. At baseline and 8 weeks, a high saturated fat meal was consumed along with indirect calorimetry measurements at fasting and for 4 h postprandially to determine changes in resting metabolic rate (RMR), diet induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate utilisation (primary outcomes). Forty-seven participants completed the trial and were included in analyses. Results In the SUB group, there was an increase in fasting RMR (1607 +/- 117 to 1701 +/- 114 kcal day(-1); p = 0.01) and fasting fat oxidation (0.83 +/- 0.08 to 0.99 +/- 0.08 g/15 min; p = 0.009) and a decrease in fasting respiratory exchange ratio (0.85 +/- 0.01 to 0.83 +/- 0.01; p = 0.05) from pre- to post-intervention. In the ADD group, there was an increase in postprandial DIT (p < 0.001). There were no changes within the control group or between groups for any outcome measure. Conclusions Daily consumption of pecans may increase select measures of energy expenditure and fat oxidation in adults at-risk for CVD.
Sex Differences in Blood HDL-c, the Total Cholesterol/HDL-c Ratio, and Palmitoleic Acid are Not Associated with Variants in Common Candidate Genes; Blood lipids are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Moreover, circulating lipid and fatty acid levels vary between men and women, and evidence demonstrates these traits may be influenced by single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP). Sex-genotype interactions related to blood lipids and fatty acids have been poorly investigated and may help elucidate sex differences in CVD risk. The goal of this study was to investigate if the influence of SNPs previously associated with blood lipids and fatty acids varies in a sex-specific manner. Lipids and fatty acids were measured in serum and red blood cells (RBC), respectively, in 94 adults (18-30 years) from the GONE FISHIN' cohort and 118 age-matched individuals from the GOLDN cohort. HDL-c levels were higher and the total cholesterol/HDL-c (TC/HDL-c) ratio was lower in women versus men (p < 0.01). RBC palmitoleic acid and the stearoyl-CoA desaturase index were both higher in women (p < 0.01). Fatty acid desaturase (FADS) pathway activity (estimated using the ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid/alpha-linolenic acid) was higher in men (p < 0.01). The AA genotype for rs1800775 in CETP had a lower TC/HDL-c ratio in men, but not women (p (int) = 0.03). Independent of sex, major alleles for rs174537 in FADS1 (GG) and rs3211956 in CD36 (TT) had higher arachidonic acid, lower dihomo-gamma-linoleic acid, and a higher FADS1 activity compared to minor alleles. The current study showed that blood lipid and fatty acid levels vary between healthy young men and women, but that the observed sex differences are not associated with common variants in candidate lipid metabolism genes.
Fish oil and neurovascular control in humans; Carter JR, Schwartz CE, Yang H, Joyner MJ. Fish oil and neurovascular control in humans. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 303: H450-H456, 2012. First published June 15, 2012; doi: 10.1152/ajpheart.00353.2012.-The antihypertensive influence of fish oil is controversial, and the mechanisms remain unclear. Because the inverse relation between fish oil and hypertension appears to be partially dependent on the degree of hypertension, we tested the hypothesis that fish oil would elicit more dramatic reductions in mean arterial pressure (MAP) and muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) in prehypertensive (PHT) compared with normotensive (NT) subjects. Resting MAP, MSNA, and heart rate (HR) were examined before and after 8 wk of fish oil (9 g/day; 1.6 g eicosapentaenoic acid and 1.1 g docosahexaenoic acid) or placebo (olive oil; 9 g/day) in 38 NT (19 fish oil; 19 placebo) and 29 PHT (15 fish oil; 14 placebo) volunteers. Fish oil did not alter resting MAP, MSNA, or HR in either NT (80 +/- 1 to 80 +/- 1 mmHg; 11 +/- 2 to 10 +/- 1 bursts/min; 71 +/- 2 to 71 +/- 2 beats/min) or PHT (88 +/- 2 to 87 +/- 1 mmHg; 11 +/- 2 to 10 +/- 2 bursts/min; 73 +/- 2 to 73 +/- 2 beats/min) subjects. When NT and PHT groups were consolidated, analysis of covariance confirmed that pretreatment resting MAP was not associated with changes in MSNA after fish oil. In contrast, pretreatment resting HR was correlated with changes in MSNA (r = 0.47; P = 0.007) and MAP (r = 0.42; P < 0.007) after fish oil but not placebo. In conclusion, fish oil did not alter sympathetic neural control in NT or PHT subjects. However, our findings suggest that fish oil is associated with modest sympathoinhibition in individuals with higher resting heart rates, a finding that is consistent with a recent meta-analysis examining the relations among fish oil, HR, and the risk of cardiovascular disease.
<i>N</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and inflammation in the arterial wall; Atherosclerosis, leading to cardiovascular disease, is a chronic condition involving a strong inflammatory component. There is evidence that the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) present in oily fish and fish oils protect against cardiovascular disease. While these fatty acids have well-recognised effects on plasma triacylglycerol concentrations, it is likely that they exert beneficial effects through other mechanisms in addition. A large body of evidence suggests that the n-3 PUFA have anti-inflammatory properties, some of which may be manifested in the arterial wall, either directly or indirectly, to modulate the progression of atherosclerosis. This review critically evaluates the evidence for the anti-inflammatory effects of the n-3 PUFA in cells and on pathways which have a direct influence on atherogenesis in the arterial wall.
The Omega-3 Fatty Acids EPA and DHA, as a Part of a Murine High-Fat Diet, Reduced Lipid Accumulation in Brown and White Adipose Tissues; Excess energy intake can trigger an uncontrolled inflammatory response, leading to systemic low-grade inflammation and metabolic disturbances that are hypothesised to contribute to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are suggested to mitigate this inflammatory response, but the mechanisms are unclear, especially at the tissue level. Adipose tissues, the first tissues to give an inflammatory response, may be an important target site of action for EPA and DHA. To evaluate the effects of EPA and DHA in white and brown adipose tissues, we fed male C57Bl/6J mice either a high fat diet (HFD) with 5% corn oil, an HFD with 40% of the corn oil substituted for purified EPA and DHA triglycerides (HFD-ED), or normal chow, for 8 weeks. Fatty acid profiling and transcriptomics were used to study how EPA and DHA affect retroperitoneal white and brown adipose tissues. HFD-ED fed mice showed reduced lipid accumulation and levels of the pro-inflammatory fatty acid arachidonic acid in both white and brown adipose tissues, compared with HFD-corn oil fed animals. The transcriptomic analysis showed changes in beta-oxidation pathways, supporting the decreased lipid accumulation in the HFD-ED fed mice. Therefore, our data suggests that EPA and DHA supplementation of a high fat diet may be anti-inflammatory, as well as reduce lipid accumulation in adipose tissues.
Natural compounds as anti-atherogenic agents: Clinical evidence for improved cardiovascular outcomes; Atherosclerosis, a chronic progressive inflammatory condition characterized by the formation of lipid-laden lesions in arterial walls, is associated with substantial morbidity (including ischaemic stroke and myocardial infarction) and mortality. Risk factors for atherosclerosis are well understood and can be ameliorated by evidence-based and guideline-directed pharmaceutical agents (e.g. the reduction of circulating concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by statins). Additionally, many natural products (usually food derivatives) and 'nutraceuticals' (pharmaceutical formulations prepared from components of foods) have been shown to have favourable effects on risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. This literature review summarises the evidence for anti-atherogenic natural compounds. The article focuses on agents which are discussed in international guidelines and are supported by extensive high-quality randomized-controlled trial (RCT) data. We focus on micronutrients (compounds present in food in small quantities) and nutraceuticals, in particular, phytosterols, polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids and red-yeast rice. We conclude that the 'nutraceutical approach' (identify the active ingredients in natural products; produce high-quality products according to Good Manufacturing Practice guidelines; evaluate them in long-term outcomes trials) is the mechanism by which the domains of natural product research and evidence-based medicine can move closer together.
THE EFFECT OF LOW-DOSE SUPPLEMENTATION WITH N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS ON SOME RISK MARKERS OF CORONARY HEART-DISEASE; Epidemiological data have suggested that a low dose of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from seafood may protect against coronary heart disease. We studied the effect of supplementation with a low dose of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids (0.65 g day-1) on plasma lipids, haemostasis, and neutrophil aggregation. Twenty-four healthy subjects were randomized to supplementation with very long-chain n-3 fatty acids or a control oil for 8 weeks. Laboratory analyses were done twice before and twice at the end of the supplementation period. The supplement with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid did not significantly affect plasma lipids or plasma levels of fibrinogen, factor VII, plasminogen activator inhibitor, whole blood aggregation or aggregability of neutrophil leukocytes. Therefore, the potential beneficial effect of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids in coronary heart disease is likely to be mediated through other mechanisms.
Dietary habits and psychosocial factors as a risk for development of coronary heart disease in Bulgarian women; There are common risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in female and male sex but also some differences in their risk profile. Aim: to explore the diet of Bulgarian healthy women and their psychosocial status in conditions of economic transition. Material and methods Random population sample of 146 women free of cardiovascular diseases at mean age 58.14+/-8.75 years was studied. All participants were interviewed extensively for smoking and dietary habits, economic changes, the effect of stress and psychological factors, etc. To determine the type of personality a standard Framingham score was used. Results. Only 16% of the participants consume fish at least once a week. Fresh vegetables and fruits in winter arc limited to less than 10% of the sample. Yogurt and white cheese are common in the everyday menu - 68% and 65% respectively. Salt consumption is evenly distributed across the quartiles of systolic blood pressure. The financial status has worsened in 75% of the women. The everyday stress is considered moderate to high by 62% of the females. 70% has defined themselves as type A personality. Conclusions. The protective food products such as fish, fruits and vegetables are undervalued in the diet of the studied women, either due to financial constraints or because of acquired bad habits. The women in Bulgaria consider stress and financial difficulties important factors in their everyday life.
Interplay of gut microbiome, fatty acids, and the endocannabinoid system in regulating development, progression, immunomodulation, and chemoresistance of cancer; The roles of gut microorganisms in cancer are diverse. Studies on metagenomics and bioinformatics have documented diverse microbial etiology in different tumors. Evidence supports that a commensal microbiome could provide a promising strategy to treat and prevent cancer through interference in several biologic pro-cesses, such as host cell survival and death, host immune function, inflammation, oncogenic signaling, and several hormone receptor signaling and detoxification pathways. The cumulative evidence recommends that metabolites of commensal gut microorganisms (e.g., short-chain fatty acids, omega-3 and-6 fatty acids) play an important role in cancer prevention, with a robust antiproliferative effect of omega-3 fatty acids. Intrigu-ingly, the endocannabinoid system (omega-3 and-6 fatty acid-derived neurotransmitter of the body) shows diverse effects on cancer prevention and oncogenesis depending on the context of the tumor microenviron-ment. Thus, an interplay of gut microorganisms with their fatty acid metabolites and the endocannabinoid system play an important role in the development, progression, immunomodulation, and chemoresistance of cancer. In this review, we highlight aspects of the current knowledge of and interactions between the microbiome with fatty acids and the host endocannabinoid system. We also document their effect on host immunomodulation and chemoresistance, and discuss how these insights might translate into future devel-opment of microbiome-targeted therapeutic interventions.(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid from algal oil; Certain algae produce long chain omega-3 fatty acids including eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids as part of normal metabolism. In nature, these fatty acids enter the food chain and are important nutrients for the health of many animals, including humans. Cultured under specific and tightly controlled conditions, these oils are commercially produced for use in infant formula, foods, beverages, and a variety of supplements. EPA and DHA have long been associated with cardiovascular health. More recently the impact of DHA, as the primary n-3 fatty acid in brain and retinal tissue, has been documented. Within membranes, DHA facilitates cell signaling and serves as a precursor to highly bioactive molecules. Because endogenous production is low, levels of DHA in brain, retina, and other tissues do not reach higher levels unless this preformed fatty acid is included in the diet. Most Westernized diets provide low levels of EPA and DHA, making their use in supplements and fortified foods necessary for optimal health.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids and the cardiovascular system; n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids, mainly those contained in fish oils, are candidates for inclusion in secondary prevention programmes for coronary heart disease, based on the results of recent randomized trials in humans. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids retard coronary atherosclerosis and appear to prevent fatal arrhythmias; and they decrease mortality subsequent to myocardial infarction. Curr Opin Lipidol 11:57-63. 2000 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid supply improves <i>Daphnia</i> performance at fluctuating temperatures, simulating diel vertical migration; Diel vertical migration (DVM) is a common predator avoidance strategy of zooplankton. Migration to deeper water layers during the day to escape visually hunting predators is most likely to require physiological adaptations to periodically changing temperatures. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) play crucial roles in membrane temperature acclimation. Exposure to cold temperatures typically results in an increase in the relative abundance of PUFA in cell membranes and PUFA requirements of Daphnia increase with decreasing temperatures. To assess the role of dietary PUFA in coping with temperature fluctuations experienced during DVM, we reared Daphnia magna at either constantly warm or fluctuating temperatures, simulating DVM both with and without dietary PUFA supplementation. We show that the well-known positive effect of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid supplementation on offspring production and population growth rates of D. magna is more pronounced at alternating temperatures than at constantly warm temperatures. Exposure to alternating temperatures caused modification in body PUFA concentrations and, consequently, increased lipid peroxidation. However, detrimental effects of lipid peroxidation were not evident. Our data demonstrate that the capacity to cope with the distinct temperature fluctuations experienced during DVM increases with dietary eicosapentaenoic acid supplementation, suggesting that an adequate dietary PUFA supply is crucial especially for migrating Daphnia populations. A dietary deficiency in long-chain PUFA may thus severely constrain predator evasion, potentially resulting in increased mortality and cascading effects on lower trophic levels.
Ferroptosis: A Regulated Cell Death Nexus Linking Metabolism, Redox Biology, and Disease; Ferroptosis is a form of regulated cell death characterized by the iron-dependent accumulation of lipid hydroperoxides to lethal levels. Emerging evidence suggests that ferroptosis represents an ancient vulnerability caused by the incorporation of polyunsaturated fatty acids into cellular membranes, and cells have developed complex systems that exploit and defend against this vulnerability in different contexts. The sensitivity to ferroptosis is tightly linked to numerous biological processes, including amino acid, iron, and polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, and the biosynthesis of glutathione, phospholipids, NADPH, and coenzyme Q(10). Ferroptosis has been implicated in the pathological cell death associated with degenerative diseases (i.e., Alzheimer's, Huntington's, and Parkinson's diseases), carcinogenesis, stroke, intracerebral hemorrhage, traumatic brain injury, ischemia-reperfusion injury, and kidney degeneration in mammals and is also implicated in heat stress in plants. Ferroptosis may also have a tumor-suppressor function that could be harnessed for cancer therapy. This Primer reviews the mechanisms underlying ferroptosis, highlights connections to other areas of biology and medicine, and recommends tools and guidelines for studying this emerging form of regulated cell death.
Cyclooxygenase-2-derived prostaglandin E<sub>2</sub> activates β-catenin in human cholangiocarcinoma cells:: Evidence for inhibition of these signaling pathways by ω3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Cholangiocarcinoma is a highly malignant neoplasm of the biliary tree. It has a high rate of mortality, and currently, there is no effective chemoprevention and treatment. This study was designed to investigate the potential effect of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFA) on human cholangiocarcinoma cell growth and to determine their mechanisms of actions. Treatment of three human cholangiocarcinoma cells (CCLP1, HuCCT1, SG231) with two omega 3-PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), for 12 to 72 h resulted in a dose- and time-dependent inhibition of cell growth; in contrast, arachidonic acid, a omega 6-PUFA, had no significant effect. The omega 3-PUFA effect is due to the induction of apoptosis, given that DHA induced the cleaved form of PARP, caspase-3, and caspase-9. DHA and EPA treatment caused dephosphorylation (and hence, the activation) of glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta (GSK-3 beta) with a decline of beta-catenin protein. Accordingly, DHA treatment also decreased the beta-catenin-mediated T cell factor/lymphoid enhancer factor (TCF/LEF) reporter activity, and inhibited the expression of c-Met, a beta-catenin-controlled downstream gene implicated in cholangiocarcinogenesis. The GSK-3 beta inhibitor, SB216763, partially prevented DHA-induced reduction of beta-catenin protein and TCF/LEF reporter activity, and restored cell growth, suggesting the involvement of GSK-3 beta dephosphorylation in omega 3-PUFA-induced beta-catenin degradation. In parallel, DHA treatment also induced the formation of the beta-catenin/Axin/GSK-3 beta binding complex, further leading to beta-catenin degradation. Moreover, DHA inhibited the expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and enhanced the expression of 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase, a physiologic COX-2 antagonist, in human cholangiocarcinoma, cells. These findings suggest that omega 3-PUFAs block cholangiocarcinoma cell growth at least in part through inhibition of Wnt/beta-catenin and COX-2 signaling pathways. Thus, utilization of omega 3-PUFAs may represent an effective and safe therapeutic approach for the chemoprevention and treatment of human cholangiocarcinoma.
PLASMA OPIOID-PEPTIDES AND ACTH RESPONSES TO FISH OIL AND VITAMIN-E SUPPLEMENTATION IN MALE-SUBJECTS; Fish oils, high in omega-3 fatty acids, affect lipid and carbohydrate metabolism partly through their effects on the levels of hormones involved in their metabolism. Recently, a role for opiates in glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism has been reported. It is possible that some of the effects of fish oils on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism may be, in part, mediated through changes in opiates. We therefore studied the effects of fish od and fish oil plus vitamin E, a potent antioxidant, on plasma opiates and adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) in normal subjects. Forty healthy men consumed diets providing 40% of energy from fat and a minimum of 25 mg vitamin E for 28 weeks. During the first 10 weeks, diets were supplemented with placebo, 15 g mixed fat/day. During the second 10 weeks, placebo was replaced by 15 g/day of fish oil concentrate. During the last 8 weeks, 200 U/day of vitamin E was added to fish oil. Plasma opioid peptides were measured by radioimmunoassay after eluting from C18 Sep-Pak cartridges. Fish oil feeding significantly decreased plasma beta-endorphin compared with placebo, but had no significant effects on plasma ACTH, met-, and leu-enkephalins. Fish oil plus vitamin E appeared to further decrease beta-endorphin and significantly increased both enkephalins. Thus, it is possible that in addition to hormonal changes, alterations in opiate tone may also partly explain the effect of fish oil and vitamin E on plasma glucose, triglyceride, and other metabolic and physiologic processes.
Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods in the Management of Hyperlipidemia; Hyperlipidemia is one of the major risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease. Hypolipidemic nutraceuticals and functional foods help improve serum lipid profiles as reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, while elevating high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The effectiveness of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, phytosterols, dietary fiber, and tea catechin in management of hyperlipidemia has been clearly demonstrated in epidemiological and interventional trials. Studies on mechanism reveal that they act as inhibitor or activator of critical enzyme, agonist or inhibitor of transcription factor, competitor of transporter, and sequestrant of bile acid to modulate lipid homeostasis. Hypolipidemic effects are also claimed in dietary proteins, many polyphenols, other phytochemicals, raw extract, or even whole food. This review attempts to give an overview of lipid homeostasis and summarize recent findings of hypolipidemic nutraceuticals and functional foods according to their active ingredients, focusing on the efficacy and underlying mechanisms.
Lipoxins, Resolvins, Protectins, Maresins, and Nitrolipids: Connecting Lipids, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk; Essential fatty acids and their metabolites (gamma-linolenic acid [GLA], dihomo-GLA, arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid; prostaglandin E1; prostacyclin [PGI2]; PGI3; lipoxins; resolvins; protectins; maresins; and nitrolipids) prevent platelet aggregation, produce vascular relaxation, inhibit neutrophil degranulation and superoxide formation, inhibit platelet activation, possess peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-. ligand activity, and release nitric oxide. Thus, they lower blood pressure, are anti-arrhythmic and antiinflammatory in nature, reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, ameliorate the adverse actions of homocysteine, activate telomerase, and have cytoprotective propertiesactions that prevent atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. Because coronary heart disease (CHD) and atherosclerosis are low- grade systemic inflammatory conditions, it is likely that reduced formation of lipoxins, resolvins, protectins, maresins, and nitrolipids plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of CHD. Hence, development of stable synthetic analogues of lipoxins, resolvins, protectins, and maresins may form a new therapeutic approach to CHD and other low- grade systemic inflammatory conditions.
Peony seed oil decreases plasma cholesterol and favorably modulates gut microbiota in hypercholesterolemic hamsters; Purpose Peony (Paeonia spp.) seed oil (PSO) contains a high amount of alpha-linolenic acid. The effects of PSO on hypercholesterolemia and gut microbiota remains unclear. The present study was to investigate effects of PSO supplementation on cholesterol metabolism and modulation of the gut microbiota.
Differences in postprandial lipaemic response between Northern and Southern Europeans; Postprandial lipaemic responses to two test meals were investigated in 30 Northern (15 British and 15 Irish), and 30 Southern (Greeks from Crete) healthy male Europeans. The meals were a saturated fatty acid (SFA) meal, which resembled the fatty acid composition of an average UK diet, and a monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) meal in which the fat consisted of olive oil. Habitual diets of the two groups differed, with higher total fat, (P < 0.03) and MUFA (P < 0.0001) and lower polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) (P < 0.0001) intakes in Southern than Northern Europeans. Levels of total MUFA (P < 0.02) and oleic acid (P < 0.004) were also higher in adipose tissue of Southern in comparison to Northern Europeans. In both European groups there were no significant differences in postprandial triglyceride response between the two meal types, SFA or MUFA. However, Northern and Southern Europeans showed significant differences in their patterns of postprandial response in plasma triglycerides (P < 0.0001), apolipoprotein B-48 (P < 0.0001), NEFA (P < 0.0001), insulin (P < 0.0007), and factor VII activity (P = 0.03). In the case of NEFA, areas under the response curve were higher following the SFA than the MUFA meal for both groups, (P < 0.003) and were greater in Southern than Northern Europeans (P < 0.002) and apo B-48 responses were lower (P < 0.005). Some of these differences may reflect differences in fasting levels since fasting apolipoprotein B-48 levels were lower (P < 0.01) and fasting NEFA (P < 0.02) and insulin (P < 0.005) were higher in the Southern than in the Northern Europeans. In addition, 9 h postprandial post-heparin lipoprotein lipase activity was lower in the Southern than in the Northern Europeans (P < 0.0006). This is the first report of differences in postprandial lipid, factor VII and insulin responses in Southern and Northern Europeans which may be of importance in explaining the different susceptibilities of these two populations to risk of coronary artery disease. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Microbiota and metabolite alterations in pancreatic head and body/tail cancer patients; Pancreatic head cancer (PHC) and pancreatic body/tail cancer (PBTC) have distinct clinical and biological behaviors. The microbial and metabolic differences in PHC and PBTC have not been studied. The pancreatic microbiota and metabolome of 15 PHC and 8 PBTC tissues and their matched nontumor tissues were characterized using 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing and untargeted metabolomics. At the genus level, Bradyrhizobium was increased while Corynebacterium and Ruminococcus were decreased in the PHC tissues (Head T) compared with the matched nontumor tissues (Head N) significantly. Shuttleworthia, Bacillus, and Bifidobacterium were significantly decreased in the PBTC tissues (Body/Tail T) compared with the matched nontumor tissues (Body/Tail N). Significantly, Ileibacterium was increased whereas Pseudoxanthomonas was decreased in Head T and Body/Tail T, and Lactobacillus was increased in Head T but decreased in Body/Tail T. A total of 102 discriminative metabolites were identified between Head T and Head N, which were scattered through linoleic acid metabolism and purine metabolism pathways. However, there were only four discriminative metabolites between Body/Tail T and Body/Tail N, which were related to glycerophospholipid metabolism and autophagy pathways. The differential metabolites in PHC and PBTC were commonly enriched in alpha-linolenic acid metabolism and choline metabolism in cancer pathways. Eubacterium decreased in Head T was positively correlated with decreased linoleic acid while negatively correlated with increased arachidyl carnitine and stearoylcarnitine. Bacillus decreased in Body/Tail T was negatively correlated with increased L-carnitine. These microbiota and metabolites deserve further investigations to reveal their roles in the pathogenesis of PHC and PBTC, providing clues for future treatments.
Managing hyperlipidaemia in patients with COVID-19 and during its pandemic: An expert panel position statement from HEART UK; The emergence of the novel severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) which causes Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) has resulted in a pandemic. SARS-CoV-2 is highly contagious and its severity highly variable. The fatality rate is unpredictable but is amplified by several factors including advancing age, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension and obesity. A large proportion of patients with these conditions are treated with lipid lowering medication and questions regarding the safety of continuing lipid-lowering medication in patients infected with COVID-19 have arisen. Some have suggested they may exacerbate their condition. It is important to consider known interactions with lipid-lowering agents and with specific therapies for COVID-19. This statement aims to collate current evidence surrounding the safety of lipid-lowering medications in patients who have COVID-19. We offer a consensus view based on current knowledge and we rated the strength and level of evidence for these recommendations. Pubmed, Google scholar and Web of Science were searched extensively for articles using search terms: SARS-CoV-2, COVID-19, coronavirus, Lipids, Statin, Fibrates, Ezetimibe, PCSK9 monoclonal antibodies, nicotinic acid, bile acid sequestrants, nutraceuticals, red yeast rice, Omega-3-Fatty acids, Lomitapide, hypercholesterolaemia, dyslipidaemia and Volanesorsen. There is no evidence currently that lipid lowering therapy is unsafe in patients with COVID-19 infection. Lipid-lowering therapy should not be interrupted because of the pandemic or in patients at increased risk of COVID-19 infection. In patients with confirmed COVID-19, care should be taken to avoid drug interactions, between lipid-lowering medications and drugs that may be used to treat COVID-19, especially in patients with abnormalities in liver function tests.
Associations of fish oil supplementation with incident dementia: Evidence from the UK Biobank cohort study; BackgroundAlthough numerous studies have investigated the association of dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids with cognitive function and the risks of dementia, the relationship between fish oil supplementation and incident dementia in a large population-based cohort study has not yet well studied. Materials and methodsA total of 211,094 community-dwelling older persons over 60 years from the UK Biobank cohorts enrolled between 2006 and 2010 that reported regularly taking fish oil and had no dementia at baseline, was included in the present study. All participants completed an electronic questionnaire regarding habitual use of supplements including fish oil. ResultsOverall, 83,283 (39.5%) participants reported regularly taking fish oil at baseline. Of 211,094 participants with the median age was 64.1 years, 5,274 participants developed dementia events during a median follow-up of 11.7 years, with 3,290 individuals derived from fish oil non-users. In the multivariable adjusted models, the adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) associated with fish oil supplementation for all-cause dementia, vascular dementia, frontotemporal dementia, and other dementia were 0.91 [CI = 0.84-0.97], 0.83 [CI = 0.71-0.97], 0.43 [CI = 0.26-0.72], 0.90 [CI = 0.82-0.98], respectively (all P < 0.05). However, no significant association between fish oil supplementation and Alzheimer's disease was found (HR = 1.00 [CI = 0.89-1.12], P = 0.977). In the subgroup analyses, the associations between use of fish oil and the risk of all-cause dementia (P for interaction = 0.007) and vascular dementia were stronger among men (P for interaction = 0.026). ConclusionAmong older adults, regular fish oil supplementation was significantly associated with a lower risks of incident all-cause dementia, as well as vascular dementia, frontotemporal dementia and other dementia but not Alzheimer's disease. These findings support that habitual use of fish oils may be beneficial for the prevention of dementia in clinical practice.
Why and How the Indo-Mediterranean Diet May Be Superior to Other Diets: The Role of Antioxidants in the Diet; The Seven Countries Study showed that traditional Japanese and Mediterranean diets are protective against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The Japanese diet is considered the healthiest because it provides Japanese populations with the highest longevity and health. DASH and Mediterranean-style diets are also considered healthy diets, although the Indo-Mediterranean-style diet may provide better protective effects among patients with CVDs compared to other diets. The concept of the Indo-Mediterranean type of diet was developed after examining its role in the prevention of CVDs in India, the value of which was confirmed by a landmark study from France: the Lyon Heart Study. These workers found that consuming an alpha-linolenic acid-rich Mediterranean-style diet can cause a significant decline in CVDs and all-cause mortality. Later in 2018, the PREDIMED study from Spain also reported that a modified Mediterranean-style diet can cause a significant decline in CVDs, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cancer. The Indo-Mediterranean diet may be superior to DASH and Mediterranean diets because it contains millets, porridge, and beans, as well as spices such as turmeric, cumin, fenugreek, and coriander, which may have better anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective effects. These foods are rich sources of nutrients, flavonoids, calcium, and iron, as well as proteins, which are useful in the prevention of under- and overnutrition and related diseases. It is known that DASH and Mediterranean-style diets have a similar influence on CVDs. However, the Indo-Mediterranean-style diet may be as good as the Japanese diet due to improved food diversity and the high content of antioxidants.
Dietary Intervention of Nutritional Support to Help Patient Fight Cancer; There are no natural or synthetic nutritional products hiving efficacy for treating cancer, but there is substantial evidence to support that a healthy diet and regular exercise can effectively prevent and delay tumor growth, improving the quality of life of patients. Cancer and treatment for cancer patients will cause cancer-related malnutrition. We need to take advantage of dietary intervention, according to the impact of cancer and chemotherapy patients function, combined with China's dietary guidelines and the latest research progress of anti-cancer diet, develop a reasonable diet, and nutritional supplements such as glutamate stressed, omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids, prebiotics, calcium and selenium can improve patient health.
Aldehyde stress and up-regulation of Nrf2-mediated antioxidant systems accompany functional adaptations in cardiac mitochondria from mice fed <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Diets replete with n-3 PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) are known to have therapeutic potential for the heart, although a specifically defined duration of the n-3 PUFA diet required to achieve these effects remains unknown, as does their mechanism of action. The present study was undertaken to establish whether adaptations in mitochondrial function and stress tolerance in the heart is evident following short- (3 weeks) and long- (14 weeks) term dietary intervention of n-3 PUFAs, and to identify novel mechanisms by which these adaptations occur. Mitochondrial respiration [mO(2) (mitochondrial O-2)], H2O2 emission [mH(2)O(2) (mitochondrial H2O2)] and Ca2+-retention capacity [mCa(2+) (mitochondrial Ca2+)] were assessed in mouse hearts following dietary intervention. Mice fed n-3 PUFAs for 14 weeks showed significantly lower mH(2)O(2) and greater mCa(2+) compared with all other groups. However, no significant differences were observed after 3 weeks of the n-3 PUFA diet, or in mice fed on an HFC (high-fat control) diet enriched with vegetable shortening, containing almost no n-3 PUFAs, for 14 weeks. Interestingly, expression and activity of key enzymes involved in antioxidant and phase 11 detoxification pathways, all mediated by Nrf2 (nuclear factor E2-related factor 2), were elevated in hearts from mice fed the n-3 PUFA diet, but not hearts from mice fed the HFC diet, even at 3 weeks. This increase in antioxidant systems in hearts from mice fed the n-3 PUFA diet was paralleled by increased levels of 4-hydroxyhexenal protein adducts, an aldehyde formed from peroxidation of n-3 PUFAs. The findings of the present study demonstrate distinct time-dependent effects of n-3 PUFAs on mitochondrial function and antioxidant response systems in the heart. In addition, they are the first to provide direct evidence that non-enzymatic oxidation products of n-3 PUFAs may be driving mitochondrial and redox-mediated adaptations, thereby revealing a novel mechanism for n-3 PUFA action in the heart.
Quantification of Fatty Acids in Human, Cow, Buffalo, Goat, Yak, and Camel Milk Using an Improved One-Step GC-FID Method; An efficient gas chromatographic method for the accurate analysis of fatty acid composition in milk was validated. This method provides an excellent resolution of almost 60 fatty acids from odd branched chain fatty acids (OBCFA), trans-monoenoic fatty acid to polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) simultaneously. The quantitation limit was as low as 0.33 similar to 1.80 mg/100 g milk with a good intra-day (RSD 0.53 similar to 9.6%) and inter-day (RSD 1.25 similar to 9.1%) repeatability with an average recovery of 97.3%. This method was applied to determine the fatty acid composition in human, cow, buffalo, goat, yak, and camel milk. Human milk had the lowest amount of saturated fatty acids and highest amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids (31.7 +/- 0.31 g/100 g total fatty acids). Yak milk contained the highest amount of C18:1 trans-11 (3.06 +/- 0.03 g/100 g total fatty acids). Furthermore, the high proportion of butyric acid (12.2 +/- 0.09 g/100 g total fatty acids), OBCFA (2.16 +/- 0.02 g/100 g total fatty acids), alpha-linolenic acid (2.12 +/- 0.02 g/100 g total fatty acids), and arachidonic acid (1.35 +/- 0.02 g/100 g total fatty acids) were found in the milk from two-humped camel.
Fasting whole blood as a biomarker of essential fatty acid intake in epidemiologic studies: Comparison with adipose tissue and plasma; Biomarkers could provide a more accurate measure of long-term intake than questionnaires. Adipose tissue is considered the best indicator of long-term essential fatty acid intake, but other tissues may prove equally valid. The authors evaluated the ability of fasting whole blood, relative to fasting plasma and adipose tissue, to reflect fatty acid intake. Costa Rican men (n = 99) and women (n = 101) completed a 135-item food frequency questionnaire and provided adipose tissue. and blood samples from 1999 to 2001. Fatty acids were identified by using capillary gas chromatography. Correlation coefficients adjusted for age, sex, and body mass index were calculated. Diets tissue correlation coefficients for alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid, respectively, were 0.38 and 0.43 in whole blood, 0.51 and 0.52 in adipose-tissue, and 0.39 and 0.41 in plasma. High correlations were observed between whole-blood alpha-linolenic and linoleic acid and adipose tissue (r = 0.59 and r = 0.67) and plasma (r = 0.96 and r = 0.88), respectively. Results show that fasting whole blood is a suitable biomarker of long-term essential fatty acid intake, and its performance is comparable to that of fasting plasma. Thus, fasting whole blood could be the sample of choice in epidemiologic studies because of its ability to predict intake, its accessibility, and minimum sample processing.
Fish consumption and all-cause mortality in a cohort of Swedish men and women; Background. Epidemiological studies of fish consumption and all-cause mortality have provided inconsistent results.
Flaxseed and Cardiovascular Health; Flaxseed and its components may improve cardiovascular health because of their numerous attributes. Flaxseed contains 35% of its mass as oil, of which 55% is alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Flax meal, which is devoid of oil, contains the lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG). Flaxseed, flaxseed with very low ALA, flaxseed oil, flax lignan complex (FLC), and SDG reduce the development of hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis by 46%, 69%, 0%, 73%, and 34%, respectively, in the rabbit model. FLC and SDG slow the atherosclerosis. Suppression of atherosclerosis by flaxseed is the result Of its lignan content and not the result of ALA content. Suppression of atherosclerosis is associated with lowering of serum lipids and antioxidant activity. Effects of flaxseed oil serum lipids in experimental animals are variable from no change to slight reduction. Flaxseed oil does not affect serum lipids, except for a slight reduction in serum triglycerides. Lignan ill general reduces serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and raises serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. SDG and its metabolites have antioxidant activity. Flaxseed and flaxseed oil do not have antioxidant activity except they suppress oxygen radical production by white blood cells. Flaxseed oil/ALA has variable effects oil inflammatory mediators/markers (interleukin [IL]-1 beta, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma, C-reactive protein, and serum amyloid A). Doses of ALA less than 14 g/d do not affect inflammatory mediators/markers, but 14 g/d or greater reduce inflammatory mediators/markers. Flaxseed oil decreases soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 but has no effect oil soluble intracellular adhesion molecule-1, soluble E-selectin, and monocyte colony-Stimulating factor. Flaxseed has variable effects oil IL-6, high- sensitivity C-reactive protein, and Soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. FLC reduces plasma levels of C-reactive protein but has no effects oil IL-6 tumor necrosis factor-alpha, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule-1, Soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, or monocyte chemoattractant protein. Flaxseed has a very small hypotensive effect, but flaxseed oil does not lower blood pressure. However, SDG is a very potent hypotensive agent. Flaxseed oil decreases platelet aggregation and increases platelet activating inhibitor-l and bleeding time. Flaxseed and FLC have no effect oil the hemopoietic system. SDG is a potent angiogenic and antiapoptotic agent that may have a role in cardioprotection ill ischemic heart disease. In conclusion, flaxseed, FLC, and SDG, but not flaxseed oil, Suppress atherosclerosis, and FLC and SDG slow progression of atherosclerosis but have no effect oil regression. Flaxseed Oil suppresses oxygen radical production by white blood cells, prolongs bleeding time, and in higher doses suppresses serum levels of inflammatory mediators and does not lower serum lipids.
The role of fish oil in attenuating cardiac oxidative stress, inflammation and fibrosis in rat model of thyrotoxicosis; Hyperthyroidism is associated with cardiovascular complications. Fish oil reduces risk of cardiovascular diseases. This study aims to evaluate the impact of fish oil on myocardial oxidative stress, inflammation and fibrosis in rat model of thyrotoxicosis. Rats were randomized into four groups; control rats, fish oil treated rats (FO, 100mg omega-3/100g body weight/day), hyperthyroid rats (Hyper, i.p levothyroxine 3 mg/kg/day), and hyperthyroid rats treated with fish oil (Hyper thorn FO) for 8 weeks. Changes in oxidants/antioxidants, inflammatory and fibrotic markers were measured. Thyrotoxicosis increased serum endothelin-1, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and reduced activities of cardiac catalase and super oxide dismutase (SOD). Cardiac fibrosis paralleled with a decrease of matrix metalloproteinase -2 (MMP2) levels were observed in Hyper group. Use of FO increased activities of SOD and catalase, increased TBARS levels, and attenuated cardiac fibrosis by normalizing MMP-2 levels. Use of FO may attenuate cardiac oxidative stress and fibrosis in hyperthyroid states.
A collaborative effort to apply the evidence-based review process to the field of nutrition: challenges, benefits, and lessons learned; Evidence-based systematic reviews evaluating dietary intake and nutritional interventions are becoming common but are relatively few compared with other applications. Concerns remain that systematic reviews of nutrition topics pose several unique challenges. We present a successful collaboration to systematically review the health effects of a common nutrient, n-3 (or omega-3) fatty acids, across a wide range of clinical conditions. More generally, we discuss the challenges faced and the lessons learned during the review, the benefits of systematic review of nutritional topics, and recommendations for conducting and reviewing nutrition-related studies. Through a structured but flexible process, 3 Evidence-based Practice Centers in the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality program produced I I reports on a wide range of n-3 fatty acid-related topics. An important resource has been created, through which nutrition and dietetics researchers, clinical dietitians and nutritionists, clinicians, and the general public can understand the state of the science. The process identified challenges and problems in evaluating the health effects of n-3 fatty acid consumption, highlighted challenges to reviewing the human nutrition literature, and yielded recommendations for future research. The goals of these systematic reviews, the processes that were used, the benefits and limitations of the collaboration, and the conclusions of the reviews, including recommendations for future research, are summarized here.
Cardiac benefits of fish consumption may depend on the type of fish meal consumed - The Cardiovascular Health Study; Background-Few studies have examined associations of fish consumption with ischemic heart disease (IHD) risk among older adults or how different types of fish meals relate to IHD risk.
Reduction in the recurrence of stroke by eicosapentaenoic acid for hypercholesterolemic patients - Subanalysis of the JELIS trial; Background and Purpose - The JELIS trial examined the preventive effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) against coronary artery diseases. Hypercholesterolemic patients received statin only (no EPA group: n = 9319) or statin with EPA (EPA group: n = 9326) for around 5 years. EPA significantly suppressed the incidence of coronary events in previous analysis. Herein, we investigated the effects of EPA on the primary and secondary prevention of stroke. Methods - We conducted a subanalysis of JELIS with respect to stroke incidence in the primary and secondary prevention subgroups defined as those without and with a prior history of stroke using Cox proportional hazard ratios, adjusted for baseline risk factor levels.
Fish consumption and stroke risk in elderly individuals - The cardiovascular health study; Background: Associations between fish consumption and stroke risk have been inconsistent, possibly because of the differences in types of fish meals consumed. Additionally, such relationships have not been specifically evaluated in the elderly, in whom disease burden may be high and diet less influential.
Functional metagenomic and metabolomics analysis of gut dysbiosis induced by hyperoxia; Background: Inhaled oxygen is the first-line therapeutic approach for maintaining tissue oxygenation in critically ill patients, but usually exposes patients to damaging hyperoxia. Hyperoxia adversely increases the oxygen tension in the gut lumen which harbors the trillions of microorganisms playing an important role in host metabolism and immunity. Nevertheless, the effects of hyperoxia on gut microbiome and metabolome remain unclear, and metagenomic and metabolomics analysis were performed in this mouse study.Methods: C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into a control (CON) group exposed to room air with fractional inspired oxygen (FiO(2)) of 21% and a hyperoxia (OXY) group exposed to FiO(2) of 80% for 7 days, respectively. Fecal pellets were collected on day 7 and subjected to metagenomic sequencing. Another experiment with the same design was performed to explore the impact of hyperoxia on gut and serum metabolome. Fecal pellets and blood were collected and high-performance liquid chromatography with mass spectrometric analysis was carried out.Results: At the phylum level, hyperoxia increased the ratio of Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (p = 0.049). At the species level, hyperoxia reduced the abundance of Muribaculaceae bacterium Isolate-037 (p = 0.007), Isolate-114 (p = 0.010), and Isolate-043 (p = 0.011) etc. Linear discriminant analysis effect size (LEfSe) revealed that Muribaculaceae and Muribaculaceae bacterium Isolate-037, both belonging to Bacteroidetes, were the marker microbes of the CON group, while Firmicutes was the marker microbes of the OXY group. Metagenomic analysis using Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) and Carbohydrate-Active enZYmes (CAZy) revealed that hyperoxia provoked disturbances in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. Fecal metabolomics analysis showed hyperoxia reduced 11-dehydro Thromboxane B2-d4 biosynthesis (p = 1.10 x 10(-11)). Hyperoxia blunted fecal linoleic acid metabolism (p = 0.008) and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism (p = 0.014). We showed that 1-docosanoyl-glycer-3-phosphate (p = 1.58 x 10(-10)) was the most significant differential serum metabolite inhibited by hyperoxia. In addition, hyperoxia suppressed serum hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1, p = 0.007) and glucagon signaling pathways (p = 0.007).Conclusion: Hyperoxia leads to gut dysbiosis by eliminating beneficial and oxygen strictly intolerant Muribaculaceae with genomic dysfunction of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. In addition, hyperoxia suppresses unsaturated fatty acid metabolism in the gut and inhibits the HIF-1 and glucagon signaling pathways in the serum.
Toxicity of fatty acids on ECV-304 endothelial cells; The effects of stearic (saturated) or oleic (monounsaturated) acids and their combination with omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on death of endothelial cells (ECV-304 cell line) were investigated. We examined: loss of plasma membrane integrity, DNA fragmentation, accumulation of neutral lipids (NL) and release of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The fatty acids studied were: stearic (SA), oleic (OA), docosahexaenoic (DHA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA), linoleic (LA) and gamma-linolenic (gamma A) acids. SA at 150 mu M induced cell death, did not lead to accumulation of NL and raised the release of ROS. omega-3 PUFA decreased ROS production, increased NL content but did not protect against ECV-304 cell death induced by SA. omega-6 PUFA inhibited SA-induced cell death, increased NL content and decreased ROS production. OA caused cell death but did not increase NL content and ROS production even at 300 mu M. omega-3 and omega-6 FA associated with OA further increased cell death with no change in ROS production and NL content. Concluding, omega-6 PUFA had a greater protective effect than omega-3 PUFA on the deleterious effects caused by SA whereas OA had low cytotoxicity but, when associated with PUFA, presented marked toxic effects on ECV-304 endothelial cells. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Effects on Cardiovascular Risk in Childhood: A Narrative Review; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) are semi-essential fatty acids widely studied in adult subjects for their healthy-heart effects, especially on secondary prevention in patients who already experienced a cardiac event. LCPUFAs consumption is safe, without adverse effects, and they are usually well-tolerated; they can be taken either in foods or as nutritional supplements. LCPUFAs' positive effect on global health has been worldwide recognized also for pediatric patients. In childhood and adolescence, research has mainly focused on LCPUFAs' effects on neurodevelopment, brain and visual functions and on maternal-fetal medicine, yet their cardiovascular effects in childhood are still understudied. Atherosclerosis is a multifactorial process that starts even before birth and progresses throughout life; thus, cardiovascular prevention is advisable and effective from the very first years of life. Nutritional and lifestyle interventions are the main factors that can interfere with atherosclerosis in childhood, and the consumption of specific nutrients, such as LCPUFAs, can enhance positive nutritional effects. The aim of our narrative review is to analyze the effect of LCPUFAs on cardiovascular risk factors and on cardiovascular risk prevention in developmental age, focusing on specific conditions such as weight excess and dyslipidemia.
Uses and Applications of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) in Pediatric Gastroenterology: Current Evidence and New Perspective; In this paper, we will review the dietary allowances of these fatty acids in the paediatric population, and also the indications in different pathologies within the field of pediatric gastroenterology. Finally, we will try to explain the reasons that may justify the difficulty in translating good results in experimental studies to the usual clinical practice. This "good results" may be too little to be detected or there may be other causes but misinterpreted as effects of DHA.
A genome-wide association study of n-3 and n-6 plasma fatty acids in a Singaporean Chinese population; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have a major impact on human health. Recent genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified several genetic loci that are associated with plasma levels of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs in primarily subjects of European ancestry. However, the relevance of these findings has not been evaluated extensively in other ethnic groups. The primary aim of this study was to evaluate for genetic loci associated with n-3 and n-6 PUFAs and to validate the role of recently identified index loci using data from a Singaporean Chinese population. Using a GWAS approach, we evaluated associations with plasma concentrations of three n-3 PUFAs [alphalinolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid], four n-6 PUFAs [linoleic acid (LA), gammalinolenic acid, dihomogammalinolenic acid (DGLA) and arachidonic acid], and estimates of delta-5 desaturase and delta-6 desaturase activities among the participants (N = 1361) of the Singaporean Chinese Health Study. Our results reveal robust genome-wide associations (p value <5 x 10(-8)) with ALA, all four n-6 PUFAs, and delta-6 desaturase activity at the FADS1/FADS2 locus. We further replicated the associations between common index variants at the NTAN1/PDXDC1 locus and n-6 PUFAs LA and DGLA, and between the JMJD1C locus and n-6 PUFA LA (p value between 0.0490 and 9.88 x 10(-4)). These associations were independent of dietary intake of PUFAs. In aggregate, we show that genetic loci that influence plasma concentrations of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs are shared across different ethnic groups.
Effect of n-3 fatty acids in glycemic and lipid profiles, oxidative stress and total antioxidant capacity in patients with the metabolic syndrome; Objective: Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a cluster of factors which favors the development of cardiovascular diseases. Previous studies have shown that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can improve some of these factors. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of fish oil on glucose and lipid profiles, oxidative stress and total antioxidant capacity (TRAP) in patients with MS. Subjects and methods: We conducted a clinical trial in 40 patients with the MS (20 controls and 20 patients receiving 3 g/day of PUFAs). Subjects and Results: The group that received treatment showed a significant decrease in levels of triglycerides and increased in TRAP, but they had a significant increase in LDL, glucose and insulin resistance. Conclusion: We conclude that intake of fish oil resulted in decreased levels of triglycerides and increased the TRAP of patients with MS; however, increased LDL levels and insulin resistance, were observed. Arq Bras Endocrinol Metab. 2010;54(5):463-9
Systematic Review: Comparative Effectiveness and Harms of Combination Therapy and Monotherapy for Dyslipidemia; Background: Statin therapy effectively prevents vascular disease, but treatment targets are often not achieved.
Regulation of β-cell death by ADP-ribosylhydrolase ARH3 via lipid signaling in insulitis; BackgroundLipids are regulators of insulitis and beta-cell death in type 1 diabetes development, but the underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. Here, we investigated how the islet lipid composition and downstream signaling regulate beta-cell death.MethodsWe performed lipidomics using three models of insulitis: human islets and EndoC-beta H1 beta cells treated with the pro-inflammatory cytokines interlukine-1 beta and interferon-gamma, and islets from pre-diabetic non-obese mice. We also performed mass spectrometry and fluorescence imaging to determine the localization of lipids and enzyme in islets. RNAi, apoptotic assay, and qPCR were performed to determine the role of a specific factor in lipid-mediated cytokine signaling.ResultsAcross all three models, lipidomic analyses showed a consistent increase of lysophosphatidylcholine species and phosphatidylcholines with polyunsaturated fatty acids and a reduction of triacylglycerol species. Imaging assays showed that phosphatidylcholines with polyunsaturated fatty acids and their hydrolyzing enzyme phospholipase PLA2G6 are enriched in islets. In downstream signaling, omega-3 fatty acids reduce cytokine-induced beta-cell death by improving the expression of ADP-ribosylhydrolase ARH3. The mechanism involves omega-3 fatty acid-mediated reduction of the histone methylation polycomb complex PRC2 component Suz12, upregulating the expression of Arh3, which in turn decreases cell apoptosis.ConclusionsOur data provide insights into the change of lipidomics landscape in beta cells during insulitis and identify a protective mechanism by omega-3 fatty acids.-ATVUCqmTNz-ui1hDGfVzbVideo AbstractConclusionsOur data provide insights into the change of lipidomics landscape in beta cells during insulitis and identify a protective mechanism by omega-3 fatty acids.-ATVUCqmTNz-ui1hDGfVzbVideo Abstract
Dietary Fish Oil Modestly Attenuates the Effect of Age on Diastolic Function but Has No Effect on Memory or Brain Inflammation in Aged Rats; Fish oil (FO) mediates a number of cardioprotective benefits in patients with cardiovascular disease. In the absence of cardiovascular disease, however, the effects of FO on cardiac structure and function are not clear. In addition, it is not known if an effective dosing strategy for attenuating age-related cardiac dysfunction is also effective at limiting cognitive dysfunction. Therefore, we determined if 4 months of FO supplementation in aged rats would lessen age-related cardiac dysfunction while concomitantly preventing the cognitive decline that is normally observed in this population. The results indicate that FO initiated late in life modifies diastolic function in a small but positive way by attenuating the age-related increases in filling pressure, posterior wall thickness, and interstitial collagen without mitigating age-related deficits in memory or increases in brain inflammation. These data raise the possibility that FO supplementation for purposes of cardiac and brain protection may need to occur earlier in the life span.
Effects of a lipid-based nutrient supplement during pregnancy and lactation on maternal plasma fatty acid status and lipid profile: Results of two randomized controlled trials; It is unknown whether a novel small-quantity lipid-based nutrient supplement (SQ-LNS) containing alphalinolenic (ALA) and linoleic acids impacts maternal plasma lipids and fatty acid status. We measured plasma fatty acids (wt%) and lipid concentrations at 36 wk gestation and breast milk fatty acids (wt%) at 6 months postpartum in a subsample of women enrolled in a randomized controlled trial studying the effects of SQ-LNS on birth outcomes and child growth. Women <= 20 wk gestation in Ghana (n=1,320) and Malawi (n=1,391) were assigned to receive daily either: 1) iron-folic acid (pregnancy); 2) multiple micronutrients (pregnancy and lactation); or 3) SQ-LNS (pregnancy and lactation). At 36 wk, plasma ALA levels were higher in those receiving SQ-LNS. SQ-LNS increased breast milk ALA in Ghana but not Malawi. There was no effect on plasma lipids or other selected fatty acids. SQ-LNS may impact plasma and breast milk ALA levels depending on the population.
Pigment, fatty acid and extracellular enzyme analysis of a fungal strain <i>Thelebolus microsporus</i> from Larsemann Hills, Antarctica; A cold-tolerant fungal strain Thelebolus microsporus was investigated for the first time for its pigment and fatty acid production. High-performance liquid chromatography analysis confirmed the presence of carotenoid pigment. Gas chromatography observations showed the presence of major fatty acids: myristic acid (14:0), palmitic acid (16:0), stearic acid (18:0), heptadecanoic acid (17:0), linolenic acid (18:3) and linoleic acid (18:2). Of these, linolenic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, was present in substantial quantity, suggesting that it may have a role in adapting the fungus to low Antarctic temperatures by modulating membrane fluidity. The commercial application of linolenic acid is as a food supplement for humans suffering from eczema, cardiovascular disease and diabetic neuropathy. Another fatty acid, linoleic acid, a precursor of 1-octen-3-ol, is the principal aromatic compound in most fungi and has also been documented in this strain. Screening of the fungal culture for extracellular enzyme activity for amylase, protease, lipase, chitinase and cellulase was carried out. The isolate showed maximum -amylase activity at 20 degrees C, suggesting effective applications as a detergent additive, in textile processing and in the food industry.
Non-targeted metabolomics reveals alterations in liver and plasma of gilt-head bream exposed to oxybenzone; The extensive use of the organic UV filter oxybenzone has led to its ubiquitous occurrence in the aquatic environment, causing an ecotoxicological risk to biota. Although some studies reported adverse effects, such as reproductive toxicity, further research needs to be done in order to assess its molecular effects and mechanism of action. Therefore, in the present work, we investigated metabolic perturbations in juvenile gilt-head bream (Sparus aurata) exposed over 14 days via the water to oxybenzone (50 mg/L). The non-targeted analysis of brain, liver and plasma extracts was performed by means of UHPLC-qOrbitrap MS in positive and negative modes with both C18 and HILIC separation. Although there was no mortality or alterations in general physiological parameters during the experiment, and the metabolic profile of brain was not affected, the results of this study showed that oxybenzone could perturb both liver and plasma metabolome. The pathway enrichment suggested that different pathways in lipid metabolism (fatty acid elongation, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty acids and fatty acid metabolism) were significantly altered, as well as metabolites involved in phenylalanine and tyrosine metabolism. Overall, these changes are signs of possible oxidative stress and energy metabolism modification. Therefore, this research indicates that oxybenzone has adverse effects beyond the commonly studied hormonal activity, and demonstrates the sensitivity of metabolomics to assess molecular-level effects of emerging contaminants. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pneumonia-Induced Inflammation, Resolution and Cardiovascular Disease: Causes, Consequences and Clinical Opportunities; Pneumonia is inflammation in the lungs, which is usually caused by an infection. The symptoms of pneumonia can vary from mild to life-threatening, where severe illness is often observed in vulnerable populations like children, older adults, and those with preexisting health conditions. Vaccines have greatly reduced the burden of some of the most common causes of pneumonia, and the use of antimicrobials has greatly improved the survival to this infection. However, pneumonia survivors do not return to their preinfection health trajectories but instead experience an accelerated health decline with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms of this association are not well understood, but a persistent dysregulated inflammatory response post-pneumonia appears to play a central role. It is proposed that the inflammatory response during pneumonia is left unregulated and exacerbates atherosclerotic vascular disease, which ultimately leads to adverse cardiac events such as myocardial infarction. For this reason, there is a need to better understand the inflammatory cross talk between the lungs and the heart during and after pneumonia to develop therapeutics that focus on preventing pneumonia-associated cardiovascular events. This review will provide an overview of the known mechanisms of inflammation triggered during pneumonia and their relevance to the increased cardiovascular risk that follows this infection. We will also discuss opportunities for new clinical approaches leveraging strategies to promote inflammatory resolution pathways as a novel therapeutic target to reduce the risk of cardiac events post-pneumonia.
Nutritional evaluation and bioactive microconstituents (phytosterols, tocopherols, polyphenols, triterpenic acids) in cooked dry legumes usually consumed in the Mediterranean countries; In the present study we report the crude composition and several bioactive microconstituents content in cooked dry legumes, usually consumed in Mediterranean countries. The legumes studied were broad beans, chickpeas, two split peas varieties, two lentils varieties, pinto beans, black-eyed beans, five white beans varieties and white lupines.
Dietary fatty acids intake and all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients on peritoneal dialysis; Background & aims: The relationship between dietary fatty acids (FA) and clinical outcomes are relatively lacking in non-dialyzed and dialyzed chronic kidney disease (CKD) population, resulting in insufficient guide about the dietary FA intake in this population. In this study, we aimed to observe the association between the intake of total or different types of FA and all-cause and cardiovascular (CV) mortality in patients undergoing peritoneal dialysis (PD).Methods: This is a prospective cohort study with data retrospectively analyzed in 881 patients undergoing PD. Dietary FA intake measured by 3-day dietary records. The outcomes were defined as all-cause and CV death. Baseline FA intake and time-averaged FA intake were categorized by tertiles based on the distribution among the study population. We used univariate and multivariate Cox proportional regression models to determine the association between amounts and types of FA and all-cause and CV mortality.Results: During a median follow up of 45 months, 93 patients were still being maintained on PD, 467 had died, including 189 (40.5%) attributable to CV death. Compared to patients in the low tertile of total FA (TFA) intake at baseline group, the middle or/and high tertile groups were more likely to be male, younger, well-educated and better nutritional status (P < 0.05). At the baseline, no association was found between all-cause and CV death in either total or different types of FA after adjusting for nutritional variables. As for time-averaged analyses, the associations of TFA, saturated FA (SFA), monounsaturated FA (MUFA), to-3 and to-6 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) and all-cause mortality were weakened after adjustment for laboratory and nutrients variables. However, PUFA independently reduced 5% of mortality even after adjustment for laboratory and nutrients variables [HR 0.95 (0.91, 0.99), P = 0.023], and the ratio of MUFA/PUFA was positively associated with the risk for all-cause mortality [HR 1.05 (1.01, 1.09), P = 0.008]. Furthermore, each 10% increase of the ratio of to-6/to-3 was only weakly associated with the risk for all-cause mortality [HR 1.02 (1.00, 1.04), P = 0.034]. As for CVD mortality, the impacts of total and each type of FA disappeared after adjustment for laboratory or nutrients variables.Conclusions: Time-averaged PUFA intake was independently associated with a lower risk for all-cause mortality in our PD cohort, while the higher ratio of MUFA/PUFA and to-6/to-3 increased all-cause mortality. More observational and interventional researches are needed to determine these associations.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of Iron Supplementation With and Without Docosahexaenoic Acid on the Cardiovascular Disease Risk Based on Paraoxonase-1, hs-CRP, and ApoB/ApoA-I Ratio in Women with Iron Deficiency Anemia; Numerous studies have demonstrated that tissue deposition of iron following prolonged high dose of oral supplementation for treatment of iron deficiency anemia (IDA) leads to body iron overload and oxidative stress, which starts the process of atherosclerosis. This study aimed to determine the effect of iron supplementation in combination with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the cardiovascular disease risk based on paraoxonase-1 (PON-1), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and ApoB/ApoA-I ratio in women with IDA. In this randomized controlled trial, 76 women with IDA, aged 15-45 years, were included. The patients were randomly assigned to receive 500 mg of DHA supplement or placebo with an iron tablet, once daily for 12 weeks. The participants were assessed by measurement of the serum iron, ferritin, PON-1, hs-CRP levels, and the ApoB/ApoA-I ratio at the beginning and end of study. Serum hs-CRP decreased in the DHA-supplemented group (p = 0.036), and ApoA-I decreased in the placebo group (p = 0.013). No significant difference was detected for the serum PON-1 concentration and the ApoB/ApoA-I ratio in two groups. Iron supplementation combined with DHA may have favorable effects on serum hs-CRP in women with IDA.
Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary heart disease - Part I. Background, epidemiology, animal data, effects on risk factors and safety; In this paper, we will give an overview of the background for the possible effects of long-chain marine n-3 (synonomously called omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in coronary heart disease (CND) with focus on recent findings. In a forthcoming paper [Schmidt EB, Arnesen H, Christensen JH, Rasmussen LH, Kristensen SD, De Caterina R, Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary heart disease: Part II. Clinical trials and recommendations. Thromb Res (in press)], we will focus on the clinical trial data, current recommendations and suggest trials to further study the role of marine n-3 PUFA in the prevention and treatment of CHD. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolome Revealed the Potential Mechanism of Fusarium Wilt Resistance in Bitter Gourd (<i>Momordica charantia</i>) Based on Liquid Chromatography with Mass Spectrometry; Fusarium wilt fungus infection of bitter gourd, a major melon vegetable crop, results in massive yield reduction. Through extensive testing, some Fusarium wilt-resistant bitter melon varieties have been produced, but the molecular mechanism of their resistance to the fungus remains unknown. Importantly, after bitter melon plants are infected with Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. momordicae (FOM), apart from altering their gene expression levels, numerous metabolites are produced because of the interaction with the fungus. In the current study, an untargeted metabolomics analysis was performed to investigate the metabolic difference between resistant and susceptible bitter gourd varieties at various timepoints postinoculation with FOM based on liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry. A total of 1,595 positive ion mode and 922 negative ion mode metabolites were identified. Between the resistant and susceptible bitter gourd varieties, 213 unique differentially abundant metabolites (DAMs) were identified, and they were mainly enriched in the alpha-linolenic acid metabolism pathway. By comparing the postinoculation with preinoculation timepoints in the resistant and susceptible bitter gourd varieties, 93 and 159 DAMs were identified, respectively. These DAMs were mainly related to beta-alanine metabolism, among others. Multiple metabolites in the biosynthesis of the phenylpropanoid pathway showed greater variability in the susceptible than the resistant varieties, which may be related to senescence and mortality in the susceptible variety. These results provide new insights into the understanding of metabolite changes after FOM infection and a theoretical foundation for the elucidation of the bitter gourd disease resistance mechanism.
Dietary Interventions Reduce Traditional and Novel Cardiovascular Risk Markers by Altering the Gut Microbiome and Their Metabolites; Aims: The current study investigates the role of diet in mediating the gut microbiome-cardiovascular association which has not yet been explored in humans.
Association of circulating metabolites with healthy diet and risk of cardiovascular disease: analysis of two cohort studies; Diet may modify metabolomic profiles towards higher or lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. We aimed to identify metabolite profiles associated with high adherence to dietary recommendations-the Alternative Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) - and the extent to which metabolites associated with AHEI also predict incident CVD. Relations between AHEI score and 80 circulating lipids and metabolites, quantified by nuclear magnetic resonance metabolomics, were examined using linear regression models in the Whitehall II study (n = 4824, 55.9 +/- 6.1 years, 28.0% women) and were replicated in the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study (n = 1716, 37.7 +/- 5.0 years, 56.3% women). We used Cox models to study associations between metabolites and incident CVD over the 15.8-year follow-up in the Whitehall II study. After adjustment for confounders, higher AHEI score (indicating healthier diet) was associated with higher degree of unsaturation of fatty acids (FA) and higher ratios of polyunsaturated FA, omega-3 and docosahexaenoic acid relative to total FA in both Whitehall II and Young Finns studies. A concordance of associations of metabolites with higher AHEI score and lower CVD risk was observed in Whitehall II. Adherence to healthy diet seems to be associated with specific FA that reduce risk of CVD.
Randomized controlled trial of the effect of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on the metabolism of apolipoprotein B-100 and chylomicron remnants in men with visceral obesity; Background: Lipid abnormalities may contribute to the increased risk of atherosclerosis and coronary disease in visceral obesity. Fish oils lower plasma triacylglycerols, but the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors Accelerate Kidney Function Decline in Post-Myocardial Infarction Patients: The Alpha Omega Cohort Study; Introduction: Impaired kidney function is a robust risk factor for cardiovascular mortality. Age-related annual kidney function decline of 1.0 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) after age 40 years is doubled in post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients.
Lipid biomarkers of glioma cell growth arrest and cell death detected by 1H magic angle spinning MRS; Biomarkers of early response to treatment have the potential to improve cancer therapy by allowing treatment to be tailored to the individual. Alterations in lipids detected by in vivo MRS have been suggested as noninvasive biomarkers of cell stress and early indicators of cell death. An improved understanding of the relationship between MRS lipids and cell stress in vitro would aid in the translation of this technique into clinical use. Rat BT4C glioma cells were treated with 50?mu m cis-dichlorodiammineplatinum II (cisplatin), a commonly used chemotherapeutic agent, and harvested at several time points up to 72?h. High-resolution magic angle spinning 1H MRS of cells was then performed on a 600-MHz NMR spectrometer. The metabolites were quantified using a time domain fitting method, TARQUIN. Increases were detected in saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid resonances early during the exposure to cisplatin. The fatty acid CH2/CH3 ratio was unaltered by treatment after allowing for contributions of macromolecules. Polyunsaturated fatty acids increased on treatment, with the group CH?=?CHCH2CH?=?CH accounting for all the unsaturated fatty acid signals. Transmission electron microscopy, in addition to Nile red and 4',6-diamino-2-phenylindole co-staining, revealed that the lipid increase was associated with cytoplasmic neutral lipid droplets. Small numbers of apoptotic and necrotic cells were detected by trypan blue, annexin Vfluorescein isothiocyanate-labelled flow cytometry and DNA laddering after up to 48?h of cisplatin exposure. Propidium iodide flow cytometry revealed that cells accumulated in the G1 stage of the cell growth cycle. In conclusion, an increase in the size of the lipid droplets is detected in morphologically viable cells during cisplatin exposure. 1H MRS can detect lipid alterations during cell cycle arrest and progression of cell death, and has the potential to provide a noninvasive biomarker of treatment efficacy in vivo. Copyright (c) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Circulating <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and <i>trans</i>-fatty acids, <i>PLA2G2A</i> gene variation and sudden cardiac arrest; Whether genetic factors influence the associations of fatty acids with the risk of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) is largely unknown. To investigate possible gene-fatty acid interactions on SCA risk, we used a case-only approach and measured fatty acids in erythrocyte samples from 1869 SCA cases in a population-based repository with genetic data. We selected 191 SNP in ENCODE-identified regulatory regions of fifty-five candidate genes in fatty acid metabolic pathways. Using linear regression and additive genetic models, we investigated the association of the selected SNP with erythrocyte levels of fatty acids, including DHA, EPA and trans-fatty acids among the SCA cases. The assumption of no association in non-cases was supported by analysis of publicly available datasets containing over 8000 samples. None of the SNP-fatty acid associations tested among the cases reached statistical significance after correction for multiple comparisons. One SNP, rs4654990 near PLA2G2A, with an allele frequency of 0.33, was nominally associated with lower levels of DHA and EPA and higher levels of trans-fatty acids. The strongest association was with DHA levels (exponentiated coefficient for one unit (1 % of total fatty acids), 0.90, 95 % CI 0.85, 0.97; P = 0.003), indicating that for subjects with a coded allele, the OR of SCA associated with one unit higher DHA is about 90 % what it is for subjects with one fewer coded allele. These findings suggest that the associations of circulating n-3 and trans-fatty acids with SCA risk may be more pronounced in carriers of the rs4654990 G allele.
Efficacy of Docosahexaenoic Acid for the Prevention of Necrotizing Enterocolitis in Preterm Infants: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is an inflammatory bowel disease and a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. In this study, a randomized double-blind parallel-group (1:1) trial was carried out in two neonatal intensive care units of two tertiary hospitals. Two hundred and twenty-five preterm newborns with an expected functional gastrointestinal tract were recruited and received an enteral dose of 75 mg of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/kg body weight or high-oleic sunflower oil daily for 14 days from the first enteral feed after birth. Confirmed NEC was evaluated with Bell's scale from stage >= IIa. Two hundred and fourteen randomized infants were analyzed in terms of the intent-to-treat (DHA-group: n = 105; control-group: n = 109); data for two hundred infants were analysed per protocol. Confirmed NEC was lower in infants from the DHA-group compared with the control-group (0/100 vs. 7/100; p = 0.007), with RR = 0.93 (95% CI 0.881 to 0.981), risk difference = -7%, (95% CI -12.00 to -1.99), and number needed-to-treat = 15 (95% CI 8.3 to 50). Intent-to-treat analysis showed a lower level of treatment failure in the DHA-group compared with the control-group (6/105 (6%) vs. 16/109 (15%); p = 0.03, RR = 0.905, (95% CI 0.826 to 0.991)). The results after multivariate-regression analysis remained significant. Adverse events (apart from the incidence of NEC) were not different between groups. A daily dose of DHA for 14 days starting with the first enteral feed may prevent NEC in preterm infants.
PUFA Status and Methylmercury Exposure Are Not Associated with Leukocyte Telomere Length in Mothers or Their Children in the Seychelles Child Development Study; Background: Leukocyte telomere length (TL) is associated with age-related diseases and early mortality, but there is a lack of data on the determinants of TL in early life. Evidence suggests that dietary intake of marine n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is protective of telomere attrition, yet the effect of methylmercury exposure, also found in fish, on TL is unknown.
Metabolomics Analysis of Laparoscopic Surgery Combined with Wuda Granule to Promote Rapid Recovery of Patients with Colorectal Cancer Using UPLC/Q-TOF-MS/MS; Surgery is the primary curative treatment for patients with nonmetastasized colorectal cancer (CRC). Rate of complications, morbidity, mortality, and overall survival of patients with CRC are factors associated with speed of recovery following surgery. Wuda granule (WD) is a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) prescription used to promote rapid recovery after surgery. However, the specific mechanism of action of WD has not been characterized. Our study included 60 patients with clear histopathological evidence of colon or rectal cancer who underwent CRC laparoscopic surgery and 30 healthy individuals. Serum biochemistry and clinical evaluation of gastrointestinal function showed that WD could improve the nutritional status and gastrointestinal function and reduce the level of inflammation of patients with CRC following laparoscopic surgery. In addition, we used UPLC/Q-TOF-MS/MS-based metabolomics analysis to determine the mechanism of WD-related rapid recovery following laparoscopic surgery in patients with CRC. Twenty metabolites associated with arachidonic acid, alanine, aspartate and glutamate, alpha-linolenic acid, pyruvate, histidine, and glycerophospholipids were identified. The results suggested that the therapeutic mechanism of laparoscopic surgery combined with WD may be related to regulation of nutritional status, inflammation, immune function, energy, and gastrointestinal function in patients with CRC. This study also highlighted the ability of TCM compounds to interact with multiple targets to induce synergistic effects. This study may result in further studies of WD as a therapeutic agent to promote recovery following surgical resection of CRC tumors.
Lipid-Lowering Medications for Managing Dyslipidemia: A Narrative Review; Dyslipidemia refers to the change in the normal levels of one or more lipid components in the bloodstream, which include triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Dyslipidemia represents a substantial source of danger for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Effectively managing dyslipidemia involves a thorough strategy that includes changing one's lifestyle and using medications that are specifically designed to target the complex processes involved in lipid metabolism. Lipid-lowering treatments play a crucial role in this approach, providing a wide range of medications that are developed to specifically target different components of dyslipidemia. Statins are the main drug among these medications. Other drugs that are used with statin or as monotherapy include fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs), ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, and bempedoic acid. Using the PubMed database, we reviewed the literature about dyslipidemia, drugs used for treating dyslipidemia, their efficacy parameters, and common adverse events. We also reviewed the international guidelines for treating dyslipidemia and discussed the future of lipid-lowering medications. More trials and experiments are still required to verify the effectiveness of many lipid-lowering drugs and to know their common adverse events to be able to manage them properly.
Krill oil supplementation lowers serum triglycerides without increasing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in adults with borderline high or high triglyceride levels; The aim of the study was to explore the effects of 12 weeks daily krill oil supplementation on fasting serum triglyceride (TG) and lipoprotein particle levels in subjects whose habitual fish intake is low and who have borderline high or high fasting serum TG levels (150-499 mg/dL). We hypothesized that Krill oil lowers serum TG levels in subjects with borderline high or high fasting TG levels. To test our hypothesis 300 male and female subjects were included in a double-blind, randomized, multi-center, placebo-controlled study with five treatment groups: placebo (olive oil) or 0.5, 1, 2, or 4 g/day of krill oil. Serum lipids were measured after an overnight fast at baseline, 6 and 12 weeks. Due to a high intra-individual variability in TG levels, data from all subjects in the four krill oil groups were pooled to increase statistical power, and a general time- and dose-independent one-way analysis of variance was performed to assess efficacy. Relative to subjects in the placebo group, those administered krill oil had a statistically significant calculated reduction in serum TG levels of 10.2%. Moreover, LDL-C levels were not increased in the krill oil groups relative to the placebo group. The outcome of the pooled analysis suggests that krill oil is effective in reducing a cardiovascular risk factor. However, owing to the individual fluctuations of TG concentrations measured, a study with more individual measurements per treatment group is needed to increase the confidence of these findings. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hospital Management of Severe Hypertriglyceridemia in Children; Background: Severe Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG), i.e., plasma triglyceride levels exceeding 1000 mg/dL, is one of the established causes of acute pancreatitis and severe abdominal pain. There are no established pediatric guidelines regarding treatment of children and adolescents with severe HTG.
Effects of an immune-enhancing diet in critically injured patients; Objective: To determine the effects of an immune-enhancing experimental diet (XD = supplemental arginine, trace elements, and increased omega-3 fatty acids) versus standard diet (SD), on immune cell function and clinical outcome of critically injured patients
First evidence of protective effects on stroke recovery and post-stroke depression induced by sortilin-derived peptides; Post-stroke depression (PSD) is the most common mood disorder following stroke with high relevance for outcome and survival of patients. The TREK-1 channel represents a crucial target in the pathogenesis of stroke and depression. Spadin and its short analog mini-spadin were reported to display potent antidepressant properties. We investigated the therapeutic effects of mini-spadin in a mouse model of focal ischemia and PSD. To activate TREK-1 and induce neuroprotection a single low dose of mini-spadin (0.03 mu g/kg) was intraperitoneally injected 30 min after the onset of ischemia, once a day during 7 days post-ischemia. Then, to inhibit TREK-1 and induce antidepressant effect, the peptide was injected at higher concentration (3 mu g/kg) once a day for 4 days/ week until the sacrifice of animals. Electrophysiological studies showed that mini-spadin had a biphasic action on TREK-1. At low doses, the channel activity was increased whereas at higher doses it was inhibited. Minispadin prevented the loss of body weight and the delayed dopaminergic degeneration in substantia nigra and improved the motor and cognitive ischemia-induced deficits. Moreover, mini-spadin prevented PSD analyzed in the Forced Swim (FST) and Novelty Suppressed Feeding (NSF) tests. Finally, enhanced neurogenesis and synaptogenesis contributed to the beneficial effects of mini-spadin against stroke and PSD. This work reveals the first evidence that the modulation of TREK-1 channels in the early and chronic phases of stroke as well as the stimulation of brain plasticity by mini-spadin could play a key role in its brain protective effects against stroke and its deleterious consequences such as PSD.
Adipose tissue biomarkers of fatty acid intake; Background: Biomarkers can provide a more accurate measure of long-term intake than can dietary questionnaires.
The effects of a Mediterranean-style dietary pattern on cardiovascular disease risk; Dietary patterns influence cardiovascular disease by inhibiting or promoting atherogenesis. Certain nutrients play key roles at different stages of this process, and the combined nutrients of a Mediterranean-style diet offer a significant source of primary and secondary disease prevention. Although current evidence does not support recommendations for or against single-nutrient supplementation, a Mediterranean-style diet should be recommended to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Current nutrition recommendations and mechanisms by which a Mediterranean-style diet impacts cardiovascular risk are described in this article.
Effect of marinating and vacuum storage at 6 °C on the fate of chemical, microbial and sensory quality indices of echinoid gonads <i>Paracentrotus lividus</i> Lamark, 1816; P>Chemical, microbial and sensory quality indices of raw and marinated sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus Lamark, 1816, were determined. Marinades were prepared using three different formulations and stored over a 75-day period at 6 degrees C, under vacuum and air (control) packaging conditions. Significant differences were found between chemical (pH, moisture, ash, NaCI, ammonia and lactic acid), microbial [pseudomonads (Ps), lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and yeast-moulds] and sensory analysis of three different marinated groups (P < 0.05) during the storage period. The marinating process did not lead to significant differences in fatty acid, protein, fat and carbohydrate contents relative to raw sample. A notable decrease of the omega-3 per omega-6 ratio after marinating and during storage in both packages was observed. Ammonia concentration changes were found to be useful as index of freshness and decomposition of roe in storage. Shelf life of roe marinades at 6 degrees C was found to be 75 and 60 days under vacuum and air storage conditions respectively.
Red blood cell δ<SUP>15</SUP>N: a novel biomarker of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake; Background: The long-chain omega-3 (n -3) fatty acids derived from fish, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases. Study of the associations between EPA and DHA intake and disease requires a valid biomarker of dietary intake; however, the direct measurement of tissue fatty acid concentrations is expensive and time consuming.
Myocardial infarction in relation to mercury and fatty acids from fish: a risk-benefit analysis based on pooled Finnish and Swedish data in men; Background: Exposure to methylmercury from fish has been associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (MI) in some studies. At the same time, marine n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs are an inherent constituent of fish and are regarded as beneficial. To our knowledge, no risk-benefit model on the basis of data on methylmercury, PUFA, and MI risk has yet been presented.
Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics for a large international trial of cardiovascular disease prevention in people with dysglycemia: The ORIGIN Trial (Outcome Reduction with an Initial Glargine Intervention); Aims Impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and diabetes arise due to insufficient insulin secretion and are risk factors for cardiovascular (CV) events. Thus, targeting normal fasting glucose levels with insulin may reduce CV events. Previous studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acid supplements may reduce CV death; however, their effect in high-risk dysglycemic individuals is not known. Methods People aged >= 50 years with evidence of CV disease and with IFG, IGT, newly detected or established diabetes (on 0 or I oral agent), and a local glycated hemoglobin < 150% of the upper limit of normal for that assay were recruited and allocated to (a) either I daily injection of insulin glargine with the dose titrated to achieve a fasting plasma glucose <= 5.3 mmol/L (95 mg/dL), or standard glycemic care; and (b) either omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 (1 g consisting of EPA 465 mg and DHA 375 mg) or identical placebo, according to a 2 x 2 factorial design. The 2 different primary outcomes for the insulin and w-3 fatty acid arms are CV events and CV death, respectively. Results A total of 12 612 (mean age 64, 35% women) people in 40 countries were randomized during a 2-year period ending December 2005. Eighty-two percent had established diabetes, 6% had new diabetes, and 12% had IGT or IFG; the, mean fasting plasma glucose was 7.3 mmol/L (131 mg/dL). Conclusions The ORIGIN trial will determine whether or not either or both of these interventions can reduce CV events.
BENEFICIAL-EFFECTS OF FISH-OIL SUPPLEMENTS ON LIPIDS, LIPOPROTEINS, AND LIPOPROTEIN-LIPASE IN PATIENTS WITH GLYCOGEN-STORAGE-DISEASE TYPE-I; Glycogen storage disease type I (GSD-I) is frequently complicated by severe hyperlipoproteinemia and the increased potential risk of premature atherosclerosis. The effects of fish-oil supplementation [MaxEPA, 10 g.(1.73 m2)-1 for 3 mo] were investigated prospectively in seven hyperlipoproteinemic patients with GSD-I. Hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia improved after 3 mo of fish-oil treatment, decreasing 49% (P < 0.005) and 23%, respectively. This was accompanied by a reduction in both low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (25%, P < 0.03) and apolipoprotein B (40%) and by increased high-density-lipoprotein increased (HDL) cholesterol (30%, P < 0.002) and apolipoprotein A-I (31%, P < 0.05). Low pretreatment ratios of HDL to total cholesterol and HDL to LDL, indicators of elevated atherosclerosis risk, increased significantly (P <0.05). Plasma lipoprotein profile as well as lipoprotein composition [triglyceride (TG) enrichment and cholesteryl depletion] improved. Reduced TG concentrations were due to enhanced fat catabolism, as evidenced by the significantly increased hepatic and extrahepatic lipoprotein lipase activity (P < 0.05). Withdrawal of fish oil for 3 mo was associated with a return to pretreatment abnormalities in plasma lipids and lipoproteins. Fish-oil supplementation thus improves the hyperlipoproteinemia in GSD-I and may significantly reduce the risk of premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Oily fish and fish oil supplements in the prevention of coronary heart disease; Dietary advice for the reduction of coronary heart disease events emphasizes the importance of a low-fat diet and advice on the consumption of oily fish may also be given. This report reviews the evidence linking fish consumption with coronary risk. On the basis of available evidence, a target of two to three portions of oily fish per week (200-400 g, 7-14 oz) is considered reasonable, particularly for secondary prevention. For those who cannot achieve the suggested dietary intake of oily fish, the partial or complete substitution of fish oil supplements may be appropriate. A range of suitable types of fish oil supplements is given, but an awareness of the potential adverse effects of fish oil supplementation is considered important. Further studies are needed to define the role of fish intake in coronary heart disease.
CHANGES IN BLOOD-LIPIDS AND FIBRINOGEN WITH A NOTE ON SAFETY IN A LONG-TERM STUDY ON THE EFFECTS OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN SUBJECTS RECEIVING FISH OIL SUPPLEMENTS AND FOLLOWED FOR 7 YEARS; The present study was designed to assess the effectiveness of the n-3 fatty acids in modifying serum total, low density lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, as well as serum triglycerides, over a seven-year period. Changes in plasma fibrinogen were recorded and long term safety assessed. A total of 365 subjects with ischemic heart disease (IHD), hyperlipidemia or a strong family history of IHD had their diet supplemented with MaxEPA (Seven Seas Ltd., Hull, England) fish oil containing 18-19% eicosapentaenoic acid. Venous blood samples were taken at regular intervals for lipid and fibrinogen assays and routine clinical chemistry and hematological profiling. Current medication was recorded and no further dietary modification was attempted. Triglyceride and fibrinogen were significantly reduced, whereas a significant reduction in total cholesterol occurred only in the subjects with a pre-oil level > 6.5 mmol/L. HDL cholesterol significantly increased over the study period. Clinical chemistry and hematological profiles were not adversely affected, and platelet count did not change significantly. The type of lipid changes observed were those usually considered antiatherogenic. Reducing fibrinogen may result in beneficial changes in the pathological processes leading to thrombotic occlusion. The consumption of MaxEPA by our patients over a seven-year period did not indicate any adverse effects.
Seaweed Derived Lipids Are a Potential Anti-Inflammatory Agent: A Review; Chronic, low-grade inflammation is linked to the development of non-communicable diseases, including cancer, cardiovascular disease, obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, and others which together contribute to more than 50% of deaths globally. Modulation of inflammatory responses may be a promising strategy, and n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA) may offer a new therapeutic option in inflammatory conditions. Seaweeds are characterised by high nutritional quality and are a good source of many bioactive compounds, including n-3 LC-PUFA. This review addresses the potential anti-inflammatory properties of seaweed derived lipids, and their immunomodulating mechanisms in order to identify the possible applications of seaweed as an anti-inflammatory functional food ingredient or dietary supplement. A few studies have evaluated the anti-inflammatory activity of seaweed lipids using crude lipid extracts, lipid fractions and isolated complex lipids from several seaweeds belonging to the Ochrophyta and Rhodophyta phyla, with only three Ulva rigida, Ulva sp. and Codium tomentosum within the Chlorophyta phylum. It was reported that seaweed derived lipids suppress inducible nitric oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 expression and reduce nuclear factor kappa B p100 and myeloid differentiation primary response 88 protein levels leading to the downregulation of the production of several pro-inflammatory cytokines and nitric oxide. Further investigations are required to unravel the complex mechanisms underlying their preventive action against chronic inflammation and their potential use as a new functional food ingredient and/or health supplement.
The effect of farmed trout on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men; Increased intake of marine long-chain n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCPUFA) may decrease the risk of CVD and reduce mortality by lowering serum TAG and blood pressure (BP). Furthermore, n-3 LCPUFA may affect novel CVD risk markers related to inflammation and vascular function. The objective of the present study was to examine the effect of farmed trout on novel and traditional CVD risk markers in healthy men, and to evaluate whether this was affected by the aquacultural feed regime. We performed a parallel, 8-week intervention study in which sixty-eight healthy male volunteers were randomised to consume either a daily meal with 150 g farmed trout raised on either marine or vegetable-based feed, or a reference meal containing 150 g chicken. Twenty-four hour BP, pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, fatty acid composition of erythrocyte (RBC), and concentrations of TAG, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein (CRP) and other markers of inflammation were measured at weeks 0 and 8. RBC content of total n-3 LCPUFA, both EPA and DHA, was significantly higher among men consuming trout raised on marine feed compared with men consuming the vegetable-fed trout or chicken. The three intervention groups did not differ significantly with respect to any of the other outcome variables, although there were trends towards associations between the changes in RBC n-3 LCPUFA and those in BP and CRP. In the present study, we conclude that we could not confirm the fish oil-induced reduction in CVD risk markers after daily consumption of trout with high or low n-3 LCPUFA content. However, trout raised on vegetable-based feed had less pronounced impact on RBC n-3 LCPUFA status.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke in Swedish women; Background: Epidemiologic studies of fish consumption in relation to risk of stroke have yielded inconsistent results.
Toxicity of unsaturated fatty acids to the biohydrogenating ruminal bacterium, <i>Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens</i>; Background: Health-promoting polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are abundant in forages grazed by ruminants and in vegetable and fish oils used as dietary supplements, but only a small proportion of PUFA finds its way into meat and milk, because of biohydrogenation in the rumen. Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens plays a major role in this activity. The aim of this study was to investigate the mechanisms by which PUFA affect the growth of B. fibrisolvens, how PUFA are metabolized and the metabolic response to growth in the presence of PUFA.
Immunomodulatory effects of eicosapentaenoic acid through induction of regulatory T cells; Dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been found to affect inflammation and metabolism, and many researchers have shown that omega-3 PUFAs provide benefits in immunologic and metabolic disorders. These effects were assumed to result mainly from a modification in the production of inflammatory mediators and the suppression of inflammatory leukocytes. Among PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a component of fish oil, apparently has the most potent effect. Recently, much research has focused on regulatory T cells (Tregs) as controllers of immune responses not only to self-antigens but also to non-self-antigens, including donor alloantigens. Therefore, induction of antigen-specific Tregs may be an attractive strategy for managing autoimmune diseases and transplant rejection. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma), a ligand-activated nuclear receptor that regulates lipid and glucose metabolism. can be activated by thiazolidinediones, fatty acids, and eicosanoids, including EPA. PPAR gamma was recently found to have immunoregulatory effects, and a PPAR gamma agonist inhibited immune responses in a rat model of autoimmune disease. Furthermore, in a murine model, one high dose of purified EPA given the day of transplantation induced marked prolongation of cardiac allograft survival in a dose-dependent manner. These findings suggest that EPA induced Tregs by means of a PPAR gamma-dependent mechanism. This review describes the immunomodulatory effects of PUFAs, especially EPA, and summarizes recent research that may have implications for the development of therapies for autoimmune diseases and transplant rejection that are based on induction of Tregs. (c) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Prevention of ischemia-induced cardiac sudden death by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in dogs; The objective of this study was to obtain functional information associated with the prevention by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of ischemia-induced fatal cardiac ventricular arrhythmias in the intact, conscious, exercising dog. Thirteen dogs susceptible to ischemia-induced ventricular fibrillation were prepared surgically by ligation of their anterior descending left coronary artery and placement of an inflatable cuff around their left circumflex artery. After 4 wk of recovery, exercise-plus-ischemia tests were performed without and then with an intravenous infusion of an emulsion of free n-3 PUFA just prior to occluding the left circumflex artery while the animals were running on a treadmill. One week later the exercise-plus-ischemia test was repeated but with a control infusion replacing the emulsion of n-3 PUFA. The infusion of the free n-3 PUFA in quantities of 1.0 to 10 g prevented ventricular fibrillation in 10 of the 13 dogs tested (P < 0.005), apparently without esterification of the PUFA into membrane phospholipids. The antiarrhythmic effect of the n-3 PUFA was associated with slowing of the heart rate, shortening of the QT-interval (electrical action potential duration), reduction of left ventricular systolic pressure, and prolongation of the electrocardiographic atrial-ventricular conduction time (P-R interval). These effects are comparable with those we have reported in studies with cultured neonatal rat cardiac myocytes.
4-(<i>N</i>)-Docosahexaenoyl 2', 2'-difluorodeoxycytidine induces immunogenic cell death in colon and pancreatic carcinoma models as a single agent; Purpose Docosahexaenoyl difluorodeoxycytidine (DHA-dFdC) is an amide with potent, broad-spectrum antitumor activity. In the present study, DHA-dFdC's ability to induce immunogenic cell death (ICD) was tested using CT26 mouse colorectal cancer cells, an established cell line commonly used for identifying ICD inducers, as well as Panc-02 mouse pancreatic cancer cells. Methods The three primary surrogate markers of ICD (i.e., calreticulin (CRT) surface translocation, ATP release, and high mobility group box 1 protein (HMGB1) release) were measured in vitro. To confirm DHA-dFdC's ability to induce ICD in vivo, the gold standard mouse vaccination studies were conducted using both CT26 and Panc-02 models. Additionally, the effect of DHA-dFdC on tumor response to anti-programmed cell death protein 1 monoclonal antibody (anti-PD-1 mAb) were tested in mice with pre-established Panc-02 tumors. RNA sequencing experiments were conducted on PANC-1 human pancreatic cancer cells treated with DHA-dFdC, dFdC, or vehicle control in vitro. Results DHA-dFdC elicited CRT surface translocation and ATP and HMGB1 release in both cell lines. Immunization of mice with CT26 or Panc-02 cells pretreated with DHA-dFdC prevented or delayed the development of corresponding secondary live challenge tumor. DHA-dFdC enabled Panc-02 tumors to respond to anti-PD-1 mAb. RNA sequencing experiments revealed that DHA-dFdC and dFdC differentially impacted genes related to the KRAS, TP53, and inflammatory pathways, and DHA-dFdC enriched for the unfolded protein response (UPR) compared to control, providing insight into DHA-dFdC's potential mechanism of inducing ICD. Conclusion DHA-dFdC is a bona fide ICD inducer and can render pancreatic tumors responsive to anti-PD-1 mAb therapy.
Evaluation of the effect of Neptune Krill Oil on chronic inflammation and arthritic symptoms; Objectives: a) To evaluate the effect of Neptune Krill Oil (NKO (TM))on C-reactive protein (CRP) on patients with chronic inflammation and b) to evaluate the effectiveness of NKO (TM) on arthritic symptoms.
To sea or not to sea: Benefits and risks of gestational fish consumption; Prenatal nutritional status and the gestational environmental milieu have increasingly been identified as major determinants of long-term morbidity and mortality for the developing child. While omega-3 fatty acids - found abundantly in fish - are required for normal fetal development as well as for optimal maternal outcome, recent public health warnings to limit some types of seafood intake because of potential contamination with chemical toxicants have resulted in a dilemma for prenatal educators and maternity care providers. This paper reviews the benefits and harms of gestational seafood consumption and provides practical recommendations to address this important public health dilemma. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of diets high in monounsaturated versus polyunsaturated fatty acid on postprandial lipoproteins in diabetes; Background Postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia is common in diabetes. Fatty acids are regulators of gene expression and may play an important role in regulating the postprandial lipoprotein cascade.
Relationship Between Coronary Plaque Vulnerability and Serum n-3/n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratio; Background: A low ratio of serum eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid (EPA/AA) has been associated with cardiovascular events. Higher-grade yellow color coronary plagues are associated with higher plague vulnerability and higher thrombogenic potential. Therefore, the association between EPA/AA ratio and yellow color grade of coronary plagues was examined.
Cellular Basis of Adjuvant Role of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cancer Therapy: Molecular Insights and Therapeutic Potential against Human Melanoma; Human melanoma is a highly aggressive malignant tumor originating from epidermal melanocytes, characterized by intrinsic resistance to apoptosis and the reprogramming of proliferation and survival pathways during progression, leading to high morbidity and mortality rates. This malignancy displays a marked propensity for metastasis and often exhibits poor responsiveness to conventional therapies. Fatty acids, such as n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids, exert various physiological effects on melanoma, with increasing evidence highlighting the anti-tumorigenic, anti-inflammatory, and immunomodulatory properties. Additionally, n-3 PUFAs have demonstrated their ability to inhibit cancer metastatic dissemination. In the context of cancer treatment, n-3 PUFAs have been investigated in conjunction with chemotherapy as a potential strategy to mitigate severe chemotherapy-induced side effects, enhance treatment efficacy and improve safety profiles, while also enhancing the responsiveness of cancer cells to chemotherapy. Furthermore, dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs has been associated with numerous health benefits, including a decreased risk and improved prognosis in conditions such as heart disease, autoimmune disorders, depression and mood disorders, among others. However, the specific mechanisms underlying their anti-melanoma effects and outcomes remain controversial, particularly when comparing findings from in vivo or in vitro experimental studies to those from human trials. Thus, the objective of this review is to present data supporting the potential role of n-3 PUFA supplementation as a novel complementary approach in the treatment of malignant cancers such as melanoma.
Protection of cortical neurons from excitotoxicity by conjugated linoleic acid; P>Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is an isomeric mixture of 18-carbon polyunsaturated fatty acids with conjugated double bonds derived from linoleic acid. CLA is sourced nutritionally from dairy products and ruminant animal meat and is associated with beneficial heath effects in several disorders, including cancer, atherosclerosis, diabetes, obesity, and inflammation. We investigated the potential for CLA to protect neurons from death in stroke simulated by exposing cultured mouse embryonic cortical neurons to glutamate. CLA (10 30 mu M) significantly protected neuronal survival in response to glutamate (3 mu M) excitotoxicity when given concurrently with glutamate. CLA (30 mu M) also reduced neuron death when given up to 5 h after glutamate exposure (73.1 +/- 13.3% protection, p < 0.01), suggesting potential utility as a post-injury therapeutic tool. The cis-9, trans-11 CLA isomer, which comprises about 40% of the commercial CLA mixture used, was identified as the active neuroprotective species. The other major species, trans-10, cis-12 CLA (40%) was without significant neuroprotective effect. CLA significantly increased neuronal Bcl-2 levels when given with glutamate and attenuated glutamate-induced dissipation of mitochondrial membrane potential, suggesting a stabilizing influence on mitochondrial function. These results show that CLA is capable of strong neuroprotective effects in glutamate excitotoxicity at concentrations likely achieved by consumption of CLA as a dietary supplement.
Lipid-Lowering Therapy and Risk of Hemorrhagic Stroke: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; BACKGROUND: There is debate over whether statins increase risk of hemorrhagic stroke, so we assessed current evidence, including data from new statin trials and trials of nonstatin low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C)- and triglyceride-lowering therapies.
Protective effects of an electrophilic metabolite of docosahexaenoic acid on UVB-induced oxidative cell death, dermatitis, and carcinogenesis; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a representative omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, undergoes metabolism to produce biologically active electrophilic species. 17-Oxo-DHA is one such reactive metabolite generated from DHA by cyclooxygenase-2 and dehydrogenase in activated macrophages. The present study was aimed to investigate the effects of 17-oxo-DHA on ultraviolet B (UVB)-induced oxidative stress, inflammation, and carcinogenesis in mouse skin. UVB-induced epidermal cell death was ameliorated by topically applied 17-oxoDHA. Topical application of 17-oxo-DHA onto hairless mouse skin inhibited UVB-induced phosphorylation of the proinflammatory transcription factor, STAT3 on tyrosine 705 (Tyr705). The 17-oxo-DHA treatment also reduced the levels of oxidative stress markers, 4-hydroxynonenal-modified protein, malondialdehyde, and 8-oxo2 '-deoxyguanosine. The protective effects of 17-oxo-DHA against oxidative damage in UVB-irradiated mouse skin were associated with activation of Nrf2. 17-Oxo-DHA enhanced the engulfment of apoptotic JB6 cells by macrophages, which was related to the increased expression of the scavenger receptor CD36. The 17-oxo-DHA-mediated potentiation of efferocytic activity of macrophages was attenuated by the pharmacologic inhibition or knockout of Nrf2. The pretreatment with 17-oxo-DHA reduced the UVB-induced skin carcinogenesis and tumor angiogenesis. It was also confirmed that 17-oxo-DHA treatment significantly inhibited the phosphorylation of the Tyr705 residue of STAT3 and decreased the expression of its target proteins in cutaneous papilloma. In conclusion, 17-oxo-DHA protects against UVB-induced oxidative cell death, dermatitis, and carcinogenesis. These effects were associated with inhibition of STAT3-mediated proinflammatory signaling and also activation of Nrf2 with subsequent upregulation of antioxidant and anti-inflammatory gene expression.
Comparing the Effects of Docosahexaenoic and Eicosapentaenoic Acids on Inflammation Markers Using Pairwise and Network Meta-Analyses of Randomized Controlled Trials; Recent data from randomized clinical trials (RCTs) suggest that DHA may have stronger anti-inflammatory effects than EPA. This body of evidence has not yet been quantitatively reviewed. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of DHA and EPA on several markers of systemic inflammation by pairwise and network meta-analyses of RCTs. MEDLINE, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library were searched through to September 2019. We included RCTs of >= 7 d on adults regardless of health status that directly compared the effects of DHA with EPA and RCTs of indirect comparisons, in which the effects of DHA or EPA were compared individually to a control fatty acid. Differences in circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and adiponectin were the primary outcome measures. Data were pooled by pairwise and network meta-analysis and expressed as mean differences (MDs) with 95% CIs. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I-2 statistic) in the pairwise meta-analysis. Inconsistency and transitivity were evaluated in the network meta-analysis. The certainty of evidence was assessed using the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation) approach. Eligibility criteria were met by 5 RCTs (N = 411) for the pairwise meta-analysis and 20 RCTs (N = 1231) for the network meta-analysis. In the pairwise meta-analysis, DHA and EPA had similar effects on plasma CRP [MDDHA versus EPA = 0.14 mg/L (95% CI: -0.57, 0.85); I-2 = 61%], IL-6 [MDDHA versus EPA = 0.10 pg/mL (-0.15, 0.34); I-2 = 40%], and TNF-alpha [MDDHA versus EPA = -0.10 pg/mL (-0.37, 0.18); I-2 = 40%]. In the network meta-analysis, the effects of DHA and EPA on plasma CRP [MDDHA versus EPA = -0.33 mg/L (-0.75, 0.10)], IL-6 [MDDHA versus EPA = 0.09 pg/mL (-0.12, 0.30)], and TNF-alpha [MDDHA versus EPA = -0.02 pg/mL (-0.25, 0.20)] were also similar. DHA and EPA had similar effects on plasma adiponectin in the network meta-analysis. Results from pairwise and network meta-analyses suggest that supplementation with either DHA or EPA does not differentially modify systemic markers of subclinical inflammation.
<i>Toona sinensis</i> Leaf Extract Inhibits Lipid Accumulation through Up-regulation of Genes Involved in Lipolysis and Fatty Acid Oxidation in Adipocytes; Toona sinensis leaf (TSL) has been shown to lower plasma triacylglycerol levels and diminish the size of visceral fat cells in vivo. The molecular mechanism of TSL ethanol extract (TSL-E) on lipid metabolism in 3T3-L1 adipocytes was investigated in this study. Oil Red 0 staining as well as immunoblotting, real-time PCR, and dual-Luciferase reporter system were performed to investigate the effect of TSL-E on lipid accumulation and the regulation of lipid metabolism, respectively. In addition, active compounds in the TSL-E were analyzed by HPLC. TSL-E significantly decreased lipid accumulation, stimulated free fatty acid (FFA) release, and up-regulated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR alpha) and genes involved in peroxisomal (acyl-CoA oxidase) and mitochondrial (uncouple protein 3) fatty acid oxidation. TSL-E also up-regulated cytoplasmic triacylglycerol hydrolysis gene (adipose triglyceride lipase) and genes related to fatty acid oxidation (AMP-activated protein kinase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, camitine palmitoyltransferase 1, PPAR gamma, and adiponectin). The major constituents directly inducing PPAR alpha transactivity in TSL-E are gallic acid, rutin, palmitic acid, linoleic acid, and alpha-linolenic acid. These results indicate that the inhibitory effect of TSL-E on lipid accumulation was through PPARa activation and further up-regulation of PPAR alpha-mediated genes plus up-regulation of cytoplasmic genes involved in lipid catabolism.
Saturated fatty acid (SFA) status and SFA intake exhibit different relations with serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol: a mechanistic explanation centered around lifestyle-induced low-grade inflammation; We investigated the relations between fatty acid status and serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio in five Tanzanian ethnic groups and one Dutch group. Total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is a widely used coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factor. Fatty acid status was determined by measurement of fatty acids in serum cholesterol esters and erythrocytes. Data reflecting the influence of fatty acid intakes on serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol were obtained from documented intervention studies. We found that 14:0, 16:0 and saturated fatty acid (SFA) status correlates positively with total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio, while their intakes were unrelated. Linoleic acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status and PUFA intake exhibited negative relations with the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio. These data suggest that a high SFA status, not a high SFA intake, is associated with increased CAD risk, while both high linoleic acid status and PUFA status are associated with reduced CAD risk. Consequently, the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is a questionable risk marker since meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials show that partial dietary replacement of SFA for linoleic acid, the dominating dietary PUFA, does not change CAD risk. We conclude that many lifestyle factors, not SFA intake alone, determine SFA status, and suggest that interaction with many other lifestyle factors determines whether SFA status has a relevant contributing effect in low-grade inflammation, lipoprotein changes and CAD risk. The present outcome may teach us to consider the health effects of the entire diet together with many nondietary lifestyle factors, opposite to the reductionist approach of studying the effects of single nutrients, SFA and PUFA included. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary fatty acid intake is associated with paraoxonase 1 activity in a cohort-based analysis of 1,548 subjects; Background: Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) is a cardioprotective, HDL-associated glycoprotein enzyme with broad substrate specificity. Our previous work found associations between dietary cholesterol and vitamin C with PON1 activity. The goal of this study was to determine the effect of specific dietary fatty acid (DFA) intake on PON1 activity.
Targeting oxidative stress in surgery: Effects of ageing and therapy; In the current era cardiac surgeons are being called upon to operate upon older, sicker patients. The effect is to augment oxidative stress and increase the rate of post-operative complications and ultimately mortality. We have developed antioxidant-based pre-treatment regimes initially based on coenzyme Q(10). A randomised trial of coenzyme Q(10) in elective cardiac surgery patients demonstrated augmented plasma and cardiac mitochondrial membrane coenzyme Q10 content, improved mitochondrial respiration and increased myocardial tolerance of oxidative stress. The addition of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, alpha-lipoic acid, selenium and magnesium orotate in a second clinical trial, improved post-operative recovery with demonstrable reductions in myocardial damage, rate of atrial fibrillation and length of hospital stay. Finally we performed a pilot study of this combined metabolic therapy regimen to which we added preoperative physical exercise and mental stress reduction with indications of further improvements in post-operative recovery. We conclude that simultaneously targeting a number of key deficiencies with a metabolic formulation prior to surgery results in peri- and post-operative clinical and economic benefits. (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Molecular Mechanisms of Palmitic Acid Augmentation in COVID-19 Pathologies; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has claimed over 2.7 million lives globally. Obesity has been associated with increased severity and mortality of COVID-19. However, the molecular mechanisms by which obesity exacerbates COVID-19 pathologies are not well-defined. The levels of free fatty acids (FFAs) are elevated in obese subjects. This study was therefore designed to examine how excess levels of different FFAs may affect the progression of COVID-19. Biological molecules associated with palmitic acid (PA) and COVID-19 were retrieved from QIAGEN Knowledge Base, and Ingenuity Pathway Analysis tools were used to analyze these datasets and explore the potential pathways affected by different FFAs. Our study found that one of the top 10 canonical pathways affected by PA was the coronavirus pathogenesis pathway, mediated by key inflammatory mediators, including PTGS2; cytokines, including IL1 beta and IL6; chemokines, including CCL2 and CCL5; transcription factors, including NF kappa B; translation regulators, including EEF1A1; and apoptotic mediators, including BAX. In contrast, n-3 fatty acids may attenuate PA's activation of the coronavirus pathogenesis pathway by inhibiting the activity of such mediators as IL1 beta, CCL2, PTGS2, and BAX. Furthermore, PA may modulate the expression of ACE2, the main cell surface receptor for the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.
Associations With Eicosapentaenoic Acid to Arachidonic Acid Ratio and Mortality in Hospitalized Heart Failure Patients; Background: Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) lowers the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular events, particularly ischemic heart disease. In addition, the ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; n-3 PUFA) to arachidonic acid (AA; n-6 PUFA) has recently been recognized as a risk marker of cardiovascular disease. In contrast, the prognostic impact of the EPA/AA ratio on patients with heart failure (HF) remains unclear.
Functional Roles of Fatty Acids and Their Effects on Human Health; A variety of fatty acids exists in the diet of humans, in the bloodstream of humans, and in cells and tissues of humans. Fatty acids are energy sources and membrane constituents. They have biological activities that act to influence cell and tissue metabolism, function, and responsiveness to hormonal and other signals. The biological activities may be grouped as regulation of membrane structure and function; regulation of intracellular signaling pathways, transcription factor activity, and gene expression; and regulation of the production of bioactive lipid mediators. Through these effects, fatty acids influence health, well-being, and disease risk. The effects of saturated, cis monounsaturated, -6 and -3 polyunsaturated, and trans fatty acids are discussed. Although traditionally most interest in the health impact of fatty acids related to cardiovascular disease, it is now clear that fatty acids influence a range of other diseases, including metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, inflammatory diseases, and cancer. Scientists, regulators, and communicators have described the biological effects and the health impacts of fatty acids according to fatty acid class. However, it is now obvious that within any fatty acid class, different members have different actions and effects. Thus, it would seem more appropriate to describe biological effects and health impacts of individual named fatty acids, although it is recognized that this would be a challenge when communicating outside of an academic environment (eg, to consumers).
The Problem of Malnutrition Associated with Major Depressive Disorder from a Sex-Gender Perspective; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is an incapacitating condition characterized by loss of interest, anhedonia and low mood, which affects almost 4% of people worldwide. With rising prevalence, it is considered a public health issue that affects economic productivity and heavily increases health costs alone or as a comorbidity for other pandemic non-communicable diseases (such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory bowel diseases, etc.). What is even more noteworthy is the double number of women suffering from MDD compared to men. In fact, this sex-related ratio has been contemplated since men and women have different sexual hormone oscillations, where women meet significant changes depending on the age range and moment of life (menstruation, premenstruation, pregnancy, postpartum, menopause...), which seem to be associated with susceptibility to depressive symptoms. For instance, a decreased estrogen level promotes decreased activation of serotonin transporters. Nevertheless, sexual hormones are not the only triggers that alter neurotransmission of monoamines and other neuropeptides. Actually, different dietary habits and/or nutritional requirements for specific moments of life severely affect MDD pathophysiology in women. In this context, the present review aims to descriptively collect information regarding the role of malnutrition in MDD onset and course, focusing on female patient and especially macro- and micronutrient deficiencies (amino acids, omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFAs), folate, vitamin B12, vitamin D, minerals...), besides providing evidence for future nutritional intervention programs with a sex-gender perspective that hopefully improves mental health and quality of life in women.
The implications of following dietary advice regarding fish consumption frequency and meal size for the benefit (EPA plus DHA and Se) versus risk (MeHg) assessment; Fish contain healthy nutrients, such as omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which protect against cardiovascular disease, and selenium (Se), which reduces methylmercury (MeHg) toxicity. Fish are also a dietary source of MeHg. This requires an assessment of the benefits versus risks. A risk-benefit evaluation showed that blue shark regardless of the way it is cooked generated high probabilities of surpassing the MeHg tolerable weekly intake (TWI), >22%. In tuna, boiling and grilling led to higher MeHg risks than canning, 6-37% versus <7%. EPA + DHA contributed for the prevention of coronary disease. With exception of blue shark, Se neutralised MeHg toxicity. Higher MeHg risk was associated with blue shark and boiled and grilled tuna consumption. For tuna, however, high Se content after boiling and grilling may mitigate MeHg risk.
Metabolic syndrome and the risk of prostate cancer in Finnish men: A population-based study; Objective: Individual components of metabolic syndrome have been linked to an increased risk for prostate cancers. We hypothesized that metabolic syndrome itself could confer an increased risk for incident prostate cancer. Methods: The participants were a population-based sample of 1,880 men from eastern Finland without history of cancer or diabetes mellitus at baseline. Results: The metabolic syndrome (WHO criteria) was present in 357 (19%) of subjects. During an average follow-up of 13 years, a total of 183 cancers occurred, of which 56 were due to prostate cancer. The metabolic syndrome at baseline was related to a 1.9-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.1-3.5) risk of prostate cancer after adjustment for age, alcohol consumption, physical fitness, and energy, fat, fiber, calcium, vitamin E, and alpha-linolenic acid intake. The association between metabolic syndrome and risk of prostate cancer was stronger among overweight and obese men with a body mass index greater than or equal to27 kg/m(2) (adjusted relative risk, 3.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-7.3) than in lighter men (relative risk, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 0.7-4.7). Conclusions: Middle-aged men with the metabolic syndrome were more likely to develop prostate cancer in this prospective population-based study. This finding suggests that efforts to curb the epidemic of overweight and sedentary lifestyle and the accompanying metabolic syndrome may decrease the risk for prostate cancer.
Do Olive and Fish Oils of the Mediterranean Diet Have a Role in Triple Negative Breast Cancer Prevention and Therapy? An Exploration of Evidence in Cells and Animal Models; Breast cancer is the most common malignancy and cause of cancer-related mortality among women worldwide. Triple negative breast cancers (TNBC) are the most aggressive and lethal of the breast cancer molecular subtypes, due in part to a poor understanding of TNBC etiology and lack of targeted therapeutics. Despite advances in the clinical management of TNBC, optimal treatment regimens remain elusive. Thus, identifying interventional approaches that suppress the initiation and progression of TNBC, while minimizing side effects, would be of great interest. Studies have documented an inverse relationship between the incidence of hormone receptor negative breast cancer and adherence to a Mediterranean Diet, particularly higher consumption of fish and olive oil. Here, we performed a review of studies over the last 5 years investigating the effects of fish oil, olive oil and their components in model systems of TNBC. We included studies that focused on the fish oil omega-3 essential fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in addition to olive oil polyphenolic compounds and oleic acid. Both beneficial and deleterious effects on TNBC model systems are reviewed and we highlight how multiple components of these Mediterranean Diet oils target signaling pathways known to be aberrant in TNBC including PI3K/Akt/mTOR, NF-kappa B/COX2 and Wnt/beta-catenin.
Lipidomics of common octopus'<i> (Octopus</i><i> vulgaris)</i> arm muscle using untargeted high-resolution liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry; The common octopus, Octopus vulgaris, is one of the most important cephalopod fisheries in the world. In Mediterranean cuisine, the common octopus is perceived as an ingredient highly valued for its palatability and nutritional value (source of omega 3 fatty acids). However, the polar lipids of this species are still poorly un-derstood. The present study performed the first fingerprinting of the polar lipidome of the arm muscle of O. vulgaris using a high-resolution mass spectrometry HILIC-LC-MS lipidomics approach. Samples of common octopus were sourced from specimens landed in Santa Luzia (Tavira, Algarve, Portugal), the most important octopus mono-specific fishing harbour in mainland Portugal. Nearly 400 lipid species have been identified from 13 classes of polar lipids. Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine were the main phospholipids recorded, while the phosphonolipid CAEP and ceramides were the main sphingolipids identified. The structural characterization recognised a high proportion of essential fatty acids, such as EPA, DHA and several other very -long-chain fatty acids (24:5, 24:6) esterified in the polar lipids. The present study provides an unprecedented elucidation of the polar lipidome of O. vulgaris that can be used as a reference for future studies on nutritional value, ecology and traceability of geographic origin.
Impact of Adding Eicosapentaenoic Acid to Statin Therapy on Plasma Pentraxin 3 Level in Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease: A 6-Month, Randomized Controlled Study; Background We hypothesized that the additional administration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD) receiving statin has the potential to lower the serum pentraxin 3 (PTX3) level, an indicator of plaque stabilization.
Effect of Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> Supplements on Development of Advanced Cancer A Secondary Analysis of the VITAL Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Epidemiologic and trial data suggest that vitamin D supplementation may reduce metastatic cancer and cancer mortality, reflecting shared biological pathways.
Cellular Production of n-3 PUFAs and Reduction of n-6-to-n-3 Ratios in the Pancreatic β-Cells and Islets Enhance Insulin Secretion and Confer Protection Against Cytokine-Induced Cell Death; OBJECTIVE-To evaluate the direct impact of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on the functions and viability of pancreatic beta-cells.
Nutritional factors in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases; Enhanced plasma homocysteine and asymmetrical dimethylarginine ( ADMA), and decreased plasma and tissue levels of tetrahydrobiopterin (H4B), omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and omega-6 gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-gamma- linolenic acid ( DGLA) and arachidonic acid ( AA), and decreased availability of folic acid, vitamin C, and L-arginine could lead to the development cardiovascular diseases including hypertension. The imbalance in the nutritional factors as mentioned above enhances the production of free radicals, pro-inflammatory cytokines, and increases the activity of HMG-CoA reductase and angiotensin-converting enzymes ( ACE), and decreases generation of prostaglandin E-1, prostacyclin (PGI(2)),PGI(3), and endothelial nitric oxide that result in endothelial dysfunction and consequent development of hypertension. Hence, a rational combination of folic acid, H4B, vitamin C, omega-3 and gamma-6 fatty acids, and L-arginine could be of benefit in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
INFLUENCE OF MEMBRANE LIPID-COMPOSITION AND PROCAINE ON HYPERTHERMIC DEATH OF CELLS; The mechanism of hyperthermic killing, a component of some cancer therapy, is not known. Cell-survival curves during hyperthermic exposure can be used to elucidate the effects of membrane modifying procedures on cell death. Experiments were designed to test whether procedures that were reported to increase membrane fluidity also resulted in increased killing on hyperthem-ic exposure. An Escherichia coli K12 mutant, K1060, is used to predictably alter the degree and amount of unsaturated fatty acids incorporated into membranes. Changing from an 18:1 to an 18:3 unsaturated fatty acid increases killing. Decreasing the amount of unsaturated fatty acid cells incorporated by increasing growth temperature decreases killing. Procaine, a drug known to decrease membrane viscosity, increases heat killing. Apparently, membrane disorganization occurs as a result of temperature increasing to a point where a lipid transition causes a membrane structural change, which results in cell-death.
Flavonoids with Potent Antioxidant Activity Found in Young Green Barley Leaves; Saponarin, a flavonoid found in young green barley leaves, possesses potent antioxidant activities, which are determined by its inhibition of malonaldehyde (MA) formation from various lipids oxidized by UV light or Fenton's reagent. Lipids used were squalene, ethyl linoleate, ethyl linolenate, ethyl arachidonate, octadecatetraenoic acid (ODTA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), cod liver oil, lecithin I, lecithin II, and blood plasma. The addition of saponarin inhibited the formation of MA from squalene upon UV irradiation at the level of 2 mu mol/mL by almost 100%, whereas BHT inhibited its formation by 75% at the same level. Saponarin showed potent antioxidant activity toward fatty acid ethyl esters at levels >100 mu g/mL. Saponarin inhibited MA formation in ODTA by 60%, in EPA by 50%, and in DHA by 43% at the level of 15 mu mol/mL. Saponarin exhibited strong antioxidant activities with dose-response levels toward cod liver oil and lipoproteins (lecithins I and II), higher than those of alpha-tocopherol. A mixture of saponarin/lutonarin (4.5:1, w/w) inhibited MA formation appreciably from all lipids tested with dose response. This mixture exhibited highest effect toward cod liver oil (86%), followed by DHA, lecithin II, blood plasma, EPA, and lecithin I. Supplementation of young green barley leaves containing saponarin should be beneficial to health and may prevent diseases caused by oxidative damage such as various cancers, inflammations, and cardiovascular diseases.
Dietary fat and meat intake in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes in men; Objective-To examine dietary fat and meat intake in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes
Dietary Patterns Affecting Prostate Cancer: Medical Education; Prostate cancer is the most common male cancer. Studies show that prostate cancer is a preventable disease. The current studies suggest the role of dietary patterns in the prevention of prostate cancer. There are many epidemiological, clinical, case-control, prospective studies about dietary patterns and prostate cancer. These studies indicate that saturated fats, trans fatty acids, omega-6 fatty acids, meat, whole milk and dairy products, and calcium increase prostate cancer risk, whereas omega-9 fatty acids, omega-3 fatty acids, fruit and vegetables, lycopene, selenium, vitamin E, D, soy, pomegranate and green tea decrease the risk. Consumption of meat, trans fatty acids (margarine, fried foods), whole dairy products (whole milk, cheese, yogurt, or others) should be reduced and high calcium intake should be avoided to reduce prostate cancer risk. On the other hand, consumption of vegetables (such as broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, kale, Brussels sprouts, and radish), lycopene containing foods (tomato and products), adequate amount of selenium (seafood, grains), vitamin E (vegetable oils, wheat germ, nuts, soybeans, sweet potatoes, and avocado), green tea, soy (soybeans, tofu, soy cheese, soy milk), and pomegranate juice is highly recommended. This study summarizes the association of food and increased/decreased dietary risk factors for prostate cancer and gives recommendations based on these associations.
Phospholipid metabolism and depression:: the possible roles of phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> and coenzyme A-independent transacylase; Phospholipids make up 60 per cent of the dry weight of the brain. They are essential for neuronal and especially for synaptic structure and play key roles in the signal transduction responses to dopamine, serotonin, glutamate and acetyl choline. The unsaturated fatty acid components of phospholipids are abnormal in depression, with deficits of eicosapentaenoic acid and other omega-3 fatty acids and excesses of the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid. Correction of this abnormality by treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid improves depression. The fatty acid abnormalities provide a rational explanation for the associations of depression with cardiovascular disease, immunological activation, cancer, diabetic complications and osteoporosis. The abnormalities cannot be explained by diet, although diet may attenuate or exacerbate their consequences. A number of enzyme abnormalities could explain the phenomena: phospholipase A(2), and coenzyme A-independent transacylase are strong candidates. Copyright (C) 2001 John Wiley & Sons.
The Effects of Fish Oil on Cardiovascular Diseases: Systematical Evaluation and Recent Advance; Fish oil is rich in unsaturated fatty acids, i.e., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), both of which are widely distributed in the body such as heart and brain. In vivo and in vitro experiments showed that unsaturated fatty acids may have effects of anti-inflammation, anti-oxidation, protecting vascular endothelial cells, thrombosis inhibition, modifying autonomic nerve function, improving left ventricular remodeling, and regulating blood lipid. Given the relevance to public health, there has been increasing interest in the research of potential cardioprotective effects of fish oil. Accumulated evidence showed that fish oil supplementation may reduce the risk of cardiovascular events, and, in specific, it may have potential benefits in improving the prognosis of patients with hypertension, coronary heart disease, cardiac arrhythmias, or heart failure; however, some studies yielded inconsistent results. In this article, we performed an updated systematical review in order to provide a contemporary understanding with regard to the effects of fish oil on cardiovascular diseases.
Atherosclerosis in rabbits: looking beyond arteries; Fish oil has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease in humans. In a long-term nutritional study, we examined the influence of fish oil on the development of atherosclerosis and its possible toxic effects in Dutch belted rabbits.
Reduction in dietary omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid ratio minimizes atherosclerotic lesion formation and inflammatory response in the LDL receptor null mouse; Dietary very long chain omega (omega)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been associated with reduced CVD risk, the mechanisms of which have yet to be fully elucidated. LDL receptor null mice (LDLr-/-)were used to assess the effect of different ratios of dietary omega-6 PUFA to eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid (omega-6:EPA+DHA)on atherogenesis and inflammatory response. Mice were fed high saturated fat diets without EPA and DHA (HSF omega-6), or with omega-6: EPA+DHA at ratios of 20:1 (HSF R=20:1), 4:1 (HSF R=4:1), and 1:1 (HSF R=1:1) for 32 weeks. Mice fed the lowest omega-6:EPA+DHA ratio diet had lower circulating concentrations of non-HDL cholesterol (25%, P<0.05) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) (44%, P<0.05) compared to mice fed the HSF omega-6 diet. Aortic and elicited peritoneal macrophage (M phi) total cholesterol were 24%(P=0.07)and 25%(P<0.05)lower, respectively, in HSFR=1:1 compared to HSF omega-6 fed mice. MCP-1 mRNA levels and secretion were 37% (P<0.05) and 38% (P<0.05) lower, respectively, in elicited peritoneal M phi isolated from HSF R=1:1 compared to HSF omega-6 fed mice. mRNA and protein levels of ATP-binding cassette A1, and mRNA levels of TNF alpha were significantly lower in elicited peritoneal M phi isolated from HSF R = 1: 1 fed mice, whereas there was no significant effect of diets with different omega-6:EPA + DHA ratios on CD36, M phi scavenger receptor, 1, scavenger receptor B1 and IL-6 mRNA or protein levels. These data suggest that lower omega-6: EPA + DHA ratio diets lowered some measures of inflammation and M phi cholesterol accumulation, which was associated with less aortic lesion formation in LDLr-/- mice. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
From Heart Failure to Highly Unsaturated Fatty Acid Deficiency and Vice Versa: Bidirectional Heart and Liver Interactions; Background: In several trials, beneficial prognostic effects of highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFAs) in heart failure were shown. Because other studies showed no incremental benefit in nearly preserved cardiac function, the question arises, whether the degree of cardiac dysfunction is involved. It is hypothesized that increased left ventricular (LV) wall stress affects the endogenous hepatic HUFA metabolism, which in turn exhibits adverse cardiac consequences.
Direct stacking of sequence-specific nuclease-induced mutations to produce high oleic and low linolenic soybean oil; Background: The ability to modulate levels of individual fatty acids within soybean oil has potential to increase shelf-life and frying stability and to improve nutritional characteristics. Commodity soybean oil contains high levels of polyunsaturated linoleic and linolenic acid, which contribute to oxidative instability - a problem that has been addressed through partial hydrogenation. However, partial hydrogenation increases levels of trans-fatty acids, which have been associated with cardiovascular disease. Previously, we generated soybean lines with knockout mutations within fatty acid desaturase 2-1A (FAD2-1A) and FAD2-1B genes, resulting in oil with increased levels of monounsaturated oleic acid (18: 1) and decreased levels of linoleic (18: 2) and linolenic acid (18: 3). Here, we stack mutations within FAD2-1A and FAD2-1B with mutations in fatty acid desaturase 3A (FAD3A) to further decrease levels of linolenic acid. Mutations were introduced into FAD3A by directly delivering TALENs into fad2-1a fad2-1b soybean plants.
RADIOSENSITIVITY OF NORMAL AND POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID SUPPLEMENTED FIBROBLASTS AFTER DEPLETION OF GLUTATHIONE; Mouse fibroblast LM cells were modified with respect to their phospholipid composition in all subcellular fractions, including the nuclear membrane. The content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) was significantly increased but no difference in cell survival after X-irradiation could be observed between the normal and PUFA enriched cells. It is concluded that the radiosensitive PUFA in the membranes are well protected against radiation damage. This protection of the PUFA cells could not be caused by vitamin E, because this membrane protector was not present in these fibroblasts. The content of glutathione (GSH) was about the same in the normal and the modified cells. Reduction of the cellular GSH content to less than 5% of that for non-treated cells did not alter cellular survivl after radiation of either normal or PUFA enriched cells under oxic or anoxic conditions. The radiosensitive lipids present in the membranes of the PUFA enriched cells were vulnerable to radiation-induced  lipid peroxidation when extracted from the cells and reconstituted into liposomes, indicating that the fatty acids per se are peroxidizable. The lipids in the membranes of mammalian cells are not the principal target in radiation-induced reproductive death, and that no generalization is permitted with respect to glutathione, as being the major hydrogen donating species in mammalian cells responsible for the repair of those target molecules responsible for cell survival after radiation.
Ratio of Dietary n-6/n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Independently Related to Muscle Mass Decline in Hemodialysis Patients; Background
Dietary fatty acids correlate with prostate cancer biopsy grade and volume in Jamaican men; Purpose: Jamaica has the highest incidence of prostate cancer in the world. Dietary fat is associated with prostate cancer. The Omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to stimulate prostate carcinogenesis and the Jamaican diet is rich in linoleic acid. We hypothesized positive correlations between Omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, prostate specific antigen and prostate biopsy pathology.
Effect of fatty acids on estradiol and testosterone binding to whole DU-145 prostate cells; Cancer of the prostate is one of the leading causes of cancer related deaths in men. An important role in the development of prostate cancer is played by androgens and androgen ablation is therefore currently used in cancer treatment. In the past, estrogens were widely used in treatment of prostate cancer, but there are indications that estrogens could also be involved in carcinogenesis. Lately, much research has been done on the modulation of the binding of steroid hormones to their receptors by polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which could interfere with the steroid hormone's message. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine in whole DU-145 human prostate cells the effect of EFAs and their metabolites on the binding and affinity of the estrogen receptor (ER) and androgen receptor (AR) to estradiol (E-2) and testosterone (T), respectively. Fatty acids were dissolved in ethanol and added to the cell culture in a final ethanol concentration of 0.2% on the fourth day of incubation. The results showed that the PUFAs under investigation inhibited the AR's capacity, in contrast to the ER's capacity which was stimulated. However, the dissociation constants (K-d) of the AR and ER complexes in the presence of the PUFAs, were as follows. Except for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) which decreased the AR dissociation constant and EPA and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) which increased the ER dissociation constant, the remaining FAs had no significant effect on the Kd values of both the AR and ER complexes. According to these priliminary results it is postulated that men should benefit with a diet rich in certain essential polyunsaturated fatty acids although its function remains to be clarified. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Low serum cholesteryl ester-docosahexaenoic acid levels in Alzheimer's disease: a case-control study; Low n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status may be associated with neuro-degenerative disorders, in particular Alzheimer's disease, which has been associated with poor dietary fish or n-3 PUFA intake, and low docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) status. The present case-control study used an established biomarker of n-3 PUFA intake (serum cholesteryl ester-fatty acid composition) to determine n-3 PUFA status in patients with Alzheimer's disease, who were free-living in the community. All cases fulfilled the National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association criteria for Alzheimer's disease. Detailed neuropsychological testing and neuroimaging established the diagnosis in all cases. The subjects (119 females and twenty-nine males) aged 76.5 (sd 6.6) years had a clinical dementia rating (CDR) of 1 (sd 0.62) and a mini mental state examination (MMSE) score of 19.5 (sd 4.8). The control subjects (thirty-six females and nine males) aged 70 (sd 6.0) years were not cognitively impaired (defined as MMSE score <24): they had a mean MMSE score of 28.9 (sd 1.1). Serum cholesteryl ester-eicosapentaenoic acid and DHA levels were significantly lower (P<0.05 and P<0.001 respectively) in all MMSE score quartiles of patients with Alzheimer's disease compared with control values. Serum cholesteryl ester-DHA levels were progressively reduced with severity of clinical dementia. DHA levels did not differ in patients with Alzheimer's disease across age quartiles: all were consistently lower than in control subjects. Step-wise multiple regression analysis showed that cholesteryl ester-DHA and total saturated fatty acid levels were the important determinants of MMSE score and CDR. It remains to be determined whether low DHA status in Alzheimer's disease is a casual factor in the pathogenesis and progression of Alzheimer's disease.
Long-term administration of docosahexaenoic acid attenuated biogenic amine levels in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; Docosahexaenoic acid (abbreviated as DHA) found in fish oil is a n-3 unsaturated fatty acid. DHA possesses various physiological properties. The mechanism of its actions, however, has not been elucidated satisfactorily. The effects of DHA on biogenic amines in particular have not been clarified. Using stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP), an animal model of essential hypertension, the present study was undertaken to elucidate the effects of DHA on catecholamine and serotonin concentrations after continuous administration of DHA. In SHRSP, continuous administration of DHA produces decreases in plasma epinephrine concentration. Brain norepinephrine and serotonin concentrations also decrease after long-term administration. These findings suggest that the decreased biogenic amines induced by long-term administration of DHA might, at least in part, be associated with the mechanisms of its various actions in SHRSP
A Randomized Controlled Trial Investigating the Effects of Parenteral Fish Oil on Survival Outcomes in Critically Ill Patients With Sepsis: A Pilot Study; Introduction: Death from sepsis in the intensive care unit (ITU) is frequently preceded by the development of multiple organ failure as a result of uncontrolled inflammation. Treatment with -3 has been demonstrated to attenuate the effects of uncontrolled inflammation and may be clinically beneficial. Method: A randomized control trial investigating the effects of parenteral -3 was carried out. Consecutive patients diagnosed with sepsis were entered into the study and randomized to receive either parenteral -3 or standard medical care only. The primary outcome measure was a reduction in organ dysfunction using the Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) score as a surrogate marker. The secondary outcome measures were mortality, length of stay, mean C-reactive protein (CRP), and days free of organ dysfunction/failure. Results: Sixty patients were included in the study. The baseline demographics were matched for the two cohorts. Patients treated with parenteral -3 were associated with a significant reduction in new organ dysfunction (-SOFA 2.2 +/- 2.2 vs. 1.0 +/- 1.5, P = .005 and maximum-SOFA 10.1 +/- 4.2 vs. 8.1 +/- 3.2, P = .041) and maximum CRP (186.7 +/- 78 vs. 141.5 +/- 62.6, P = .019). There was no significant reduction in the length of stay between cohorts. Patients treated with -3 in the strata of less severe sepsis had a significant reduction in mortality (P = .042). Conclusion: The treatment of critically ill septic patients with parenteral -3 is safe. It is associated with a significant reduction in organ dysfunction. It may be associated with a reduction in mortality in patients with less severe sepsis.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Induces Cell Death in Human Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Cells by Repressing mTOR via AMPK Activation and PI3K/Akt Inhibition; The anticancer properties and mechanism of action of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids PUFAs) have been demonstrated in several cancers; however, the mechanism in lung cancer remains unclear. Here, we show that docosahexaenoic acid (DILA), a omega(3)-PUFA, induced apoptosis and autophagy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. DHA-induced cell death was accompanied by AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation and inactivated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling. Knocking down AMPK and overexpressing Ala increased inTOR activity and attenuated DHA-induced cell death, suggesting that DHA induces cell death via AMPK- and Akt-regulated mTOR inactivation. This was confirmed in Fat-1 transgenic mice, which produce omega 3-PUFAs. Lewis lung cancer (LLC) tumor cells implanted into Fat-1 mice showed slower growth, lower phospho-Akt levels, and higher levels of apoptosis and autophagy than cells implanted into wild-type mice. Taken together, these data suggest that DHA-induced apoptosis and autophagy in NSCLC cells are associated with AMPK activation and PI3K/Akt inhibition, which in turn lead to suppression of mTOR; thus omega 3-PUfAs may be utilized as potential therapeutic agents for NSCLC treatment.
Regular use of fish oil supplements and course of cardiovascular diseases: prospective cohort study; Objective To examine the effects of fish oil supplements on the clinical course of cardiovascular disease, from a healthy state to atrial fibrillation, major adverse cardiovascular events, and subsequently death.Design Prospective cohort study.Setting UK Biobank study, 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2010, with follow-up to 31 March 2021 (median follow-up 11.9 years).Participants 415 737 participants, aged 40-69 years, enrolled in the UK Biobank study.Main outcome measures Incident cases of atrial fibrillation, major adverse cardiovascular events, and death, identified by linkage to hospital inpatient records and death registries. Role of fish oil supplements in different progressive stages of cardiovascular diseases, from healthy status (primary stage), to atrial fibrillation (secondary stage), major adverse cardiovascular events (tertiary stage), and death (end stage).Results Among 415 737 participants free of cardiovascular diseases, 18 367 patients with incident atrial fibrillation, 22 636 with major adverse cardiovascular events, and 22 140 deaths during follow-up were identified. Regular use of fish oil supplements had different roles in the transitions from healthy status to atrial fibrillation, to major adverse cardiovascular events, and then to death. For people without cardiovascular disease, hazard ratios were 1.13 (95% confidence interval 1.10 to 1.17) for the transition from healthy status to atrial fibrillation and 1.05 (1.00 to 1.11) from healthy status to stroke. For participants with a diagnosis of a known cardiovascular disease, regular use of fish oil supplements was beneficial for transitions from atrial fibrillation to major adverse cardiovascular events (hazard ratio 0.92, 0.87 to 0.98), atrial fibrillation to myocardial infarction (0.85, 0.76 to 0.96), and heart failure to death (0.91, 0.84 to 0.99).Conclusions Regular use of fish oil supplements might be a risk factor for atrial fibrillation and stroke among the general population but could be beneficial for progression of cardiovascular disease from atrial fibrillation to major adverse cardiovascular events, and from atrial fibrillation to death. Further studies are needed to determine the precise mechanisms for the development and prognosis of cardiovascular disease events with regular use of fish oil supplements.
The effect of feeding salmon oil to sows throughout pregnancy on pre-weaning mortality of piglets; Salmon oil (16.5 kg /t), a source of long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids, was included in diets offered to multiparous sows during pregnancy and lactation to measure responses in pre-weaning mortality and performance of piglets in two studies. Thefirst study, carried out under commercial conditions, included 196 sows which were offered salmon oil and control diets from immediately post service until weaning. The same diets were also offered to 10 sows per treatment from day 58 of pregnancy in a controlled nutritional study which measured the effects of salmon oil on piglet tissue fatty acid composition. Offering salmon oil to the sow significantly increased gestation length and decreased individual piglet birth weight but had no effect on litter size at birth. Overall, salmon oil reduced pre-weaning mortality from 11(.)7% to 10(.)2% mainly by reducing the incidence of deaths from crushing by the sow. More detailed analysis of mortality using a general linear mixed model and 2294 piglet records, demonstrated that [lie incidence of pre-weaning mortality was significantly decreased with increasing individual piglet birth weight and by inclusion of salmon oil in the diet; the incidence of mortality increased with average piglet birth weight in a litter. Salmon oil inclusion had no effect on weight of litter weaned, sow lactation food intake or subsequent reproductive performance. In both studies, dietary salmon oil increased the proportions of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in colostrum to a similar extent. In the nutritional study, inclusion of salmon oil reduced the proportions of 20 : 4 n-6 in piglet liver and brain at birth and increased the proportions of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Therefore, despite reducing piglet birth weight, offering sows salmon oil reduced pre-weaning mortality of piglets. The nutritional study showed that the amount and type of marine oil used may not have been optimal.
Effect of pre-emulsified fish oil -: as source of PUFA <i>n</i>-3 -: on microstructure and sensory properties of <i>mortadella</i>, a Spanish bologna-type sausage; Conventional and low-fat cooked sausages (cursive) were prepared with fish oil as a source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Fish oil was incorporated pre-emulsified with cascinates and water. Pre-emulsion was added in sufficient amounts to give fish oil levels of 1-6%, in the final product. Lipid oxidation was determined (TBARs index) and instrumental measures of colour and texture were carried out. A sensory analysis was performed in which sensory parameters were evaluated by a hedonic test. There were no significant changes in TBAR values of final products being similar in both control and fish oil added sausages. In general terms, a slight increase in hardness and work of shearing were observed at the higher fish oil levels independently of the fat content. Sausages were analysed after 90 days of storage under refrigeration and similar results were observed. Microstructure of sausages was also studied by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and a more compact structure was observed when the high levels were assayed. However, all Sausages were well accepted when sensory quality was evaluated. Fat composition showed an increase in n-3 PUFA yielding a n-6/n-3 ratio close to 2, which is considered as healthier. For this, the incorporation of fish oil pre-emulsified seems to be a good option to include n-3 PUFA in cooked meat products, obtaining sensorially adequate and healthier stable sausages. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-Term Treatment With Eicosapentaenoic Acid Ameliorates Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Pigs In Vivo - Involvement of Rho-Kinase Pathway Inhibition; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), the major n-3 fatty acid in fish oil, exerts cardioprotective effects against ischemic heart disease; however, the detailed mechanisms remain to be elucidated. Rho-kinase plays an important role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases including ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury. Thus, the hypothesis that long-term EPA treatment ameliorates myocardial I/R injury through Rho-kinase pathway inhibition in pigs in vivo was investigated.
Linoleic (LA) and linolenic (ALA) acid concentrations in follicular fluid of prepubertal goats and their effect on oocyte <i>in vitro</i> maturation and embryo development; In this study we assessed the concentration of linoleic acid (LA) and linolenic acid (ALA) in follicular fluid of prepubertal goats according to follicle size (<3mm or 3mm) by gas chromatography and tested the addition of different LA and ALA (LA:ALA) concentration ratios (50:50, 100:50 and 200:50 mu M) to the IVM medium on embryo development, mitochondrial activity, ATP concentration and relative gene expression (RPL19, ribosomal protein L19; SLC2A1, facilitated glucose transporter 1; ATF4, activating transcription factor 4; GPX1, glutathione peroxidase 1; HSPA5, heat-shock protein family A 70 kDa; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; DNMT1, DNA methyltransferase 1; GCLC, glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit; SOD1, superoxide dismutase 1). Oocytes were in vitro matured, fertilised or parthenogenetically activated and zygotes were cultured following conventional protocols. LA concentration ranged from 247 to 319 mu M and ALA concentration from 8.39 to 41.19 mu M without any effect of follicle size. Blastocyst production from the different groups was: control FCS (22.33%) and BSA (19.63%), treatments 50:50 (22.58%), 100:50 (21.01%) and 200:50 (9.60%). Oocytes from the 200:50 group presented higher polyspermy and mitochondrial activity compared with controls and the rest of the treatment groups. No differences were observed in ATP concentration or relative expression of the genes measured between treatment groups. In conclusion, the low number of blastocysts obtained in the 200:50 group was caused by a high number of polyspermic zygotes, which could suggest that high LA concentration impairs oocyte membranes.
Dietary oily fish intake and progression of diffuse subcortical damage of vascular origin: A longitudinal prospective study in community-dwelling older adults; Introduction: Oily fish intake may reduce the progression of white matter hyperintensities (WMH) of presumed vascular origin due to their high content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and other nutrients. However, information on this relationship is limited. We aimed to assess the association between oily fish intake and WMH progression in older adults living in rural coastal Ecuador. Methods: Participants of the Atahualpa Project Cohort received baseline clinical interviews and brain MRIs. Oily fish intake was calculated at every annual door-to-door survey from enrollment to the end of the study. Individuals who also received a follow-up brain MRI were included. Poisson regression models were fitted to assess the incidence rate ratio (IRR) of WMH progression according to the amount of oily fish intake, after adjusting for demographics, level of education and traditional vascular risk factors. Results: The study included 263 individuals of Amerindian ancestry aged > 60 years (mean age: 65.7 +/- 6.2 years; 57% women). The mean oily fish intake was 8.3 +/- 4 servings per week. Follow-up MRIs demonstrated WMH progression in 103 (39%) individuals after a median follow-up of 6.5 years. A multivariate Poisson regression model showed an inverse relationship between oily fish intake and WMH progression (IRR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.84-0.95; p < 0.001). A similar model also revealed an inverse relationship between tertiles of oily fish intake and probabilities of WMH progression, which became significant when individuals allocated to the third tertile were compared to those in the first and second tertiles. Conclusion: Study results show an inverse relationship between the amount of oily fish intake and WMH progression in frequent fish consumers of Amerindian ancestry.
Increased Levels of Circulating Fatty Acids Are Associated with Protective Effects against Future Cardiovascular Events in Nondiabetics; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, particularly in individuals with diabetes. The current study objective was to determine the circulating metabolite profiles associated with the risk of future cardiovascular events, with emphasis on diabetes status. Nontargeted metabolomics analysis was performed by LC-HRMS in combination with targeted quantification of eicosanoids and endocannabinoids. Plasma from 375 individuals from the IMPROVE pan-European cohort was included in a case-control study design. Following data processing, the three metabolite data sets were concatenated to produce a single data set of 267 identified metabolites. Factor analysis identified six factors that described 26.6% of the variability in the given set of predictors. An association with cardiovascular events was only observed for one factor following adjustment (p = 0.026). From this factor, we identified a free fatty acid signature (n = 10 lipids, including saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids) that was associated with lower risk of future cardiovascular events in nondiabetics only (OR = 0.65, 0.27-0.80 95% CI, p = 0.030), whereas no association was observed among diabetic individuals. These observations support the hypothesis that increased levels of circulating omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids are associated with protective effects against future cardiovascular events. However, these effects were only observed in the nondiabetic population, further highlighting the need for patient stratification in clinical investigations.
Baseline Plasma Fatty Acids Profile and Incident Cardiovascular Events in the SU.FOL.OM3 Trial: The Evidence Revisited; Objective: We aimed to investigate the association between baseline plasma fatty acids profile and the risk of future major cardiovascular events in patients with a history of ischaemic heart disease or ischemic stroke.
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA): An essential nutrient and a nutraceutical for brain health and diseases; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) enriched in phospholipids in the brain and retina, is known to play multi-functional roles in brain health and diseases. While arachidonic acid (AA) is released from membrane phospholipids by cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2)), DHA is linked to action of the Ca2+-independent iPLA2. DHA undergoes enzymatic conversion by 15-lipoxygenase (Alox 15) to form oxylipins including resolvins and neuroprotectins, which are powerful lipid mediators. DHA can also undergo non enzymatic conversion by reacting with oxygen free radicals (ROS), which cause the production of 4-hydoxyhexenal (4-HHE), an aldehyde derivative which can form adducts with DNA, proteins and lipids. In studies with both animal models and humans, there is evidence that inadequate intake of maternal n-3 PUFA may lead to aberrant development and function of the central nervous system (CNS). What is less certain is whether consumption of n-3 PUFA is important in maintaining brain health throughout one's life span. Evidence mostly from non-human studies suggests that DHA intake above normal nutritional requirements might modify the risk/course of a number of diseases of the brain. This concept has fueled much of the present interest in DHA research, in particular, in attempts to delineate mechanisms whereby DHA may serve as a nutraceutical and confer neuroprotective effects. Current studies have revealed ability for the oxylipins to regulation of cell redox homeostasis through the Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2/Antioxidant response element (Nrf2/ARE) anti-oxidant pathway, and impact signaling pathways associated with neurotransmitters, and modulation of neuronal functions involving brain-derived neurotropic factor (BDNF). This review is aimed at describing recent studies elaborating these mechanisms with special regard to aging and Alzheimer's disease, autism spectrum disorder, schizophrenia, traumatic brain injury, and stroke.
Development and validation of the Diet Quality Tool for use in cardiovascular disease prevention settings; The aim of this study was to develop and evaluate a dietary screening tool for use in a secondary cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention setting to identify an individual's overall dietary quality. The Diet Quality Tool (DQT) was validated against a 4-day food diary for 37 individuals with established CVD attending cardiac rehabilitation. Construct validity was demonstrated for % energy from saturated fat (P = 0.002, r = -0.500), dietary fibre (P < 0.001, r = 0.559) and omega-3 fatty acids (P = 0.048, r = 0.327). Criterion validity was established with a significant difference found between mean (95% CI) dietary intakes of fibre (28.2 g, 4.4 to 17.3) and % total energy from saturated fat (10.6%, -4.8 to -0.8) for those with better DQT scores (>60%) versus those with poorer scores (< 60%) when compared with 4-day food diary nutrient values. The usefulness of the DQT was confirmed by both patients (n = 25) and cardiac rehabilitation health professionals (n = 8). TheDQTwas found to be a valid and useful dietary assessment tool with potential for use in a secondary CVD prevention setting. The tool has the capacity to be used in a wider variety of settings and further refinement of the tool would enable a greater amount of nutrients to be reliably screened.
The Importance of Assessing Nutritional Status to Ensure Optimal Recovery during the Chronic Phase of Stroke; Background. Despite evidence that many of the consequences of stroke that hinder recovery (i.e., obesity, muscle atrophy, and functional declines) have nutritionally modifiable behavior components, little attention has been focused on the significance of nutrition beyond the acute phase of stroke. Objective. This literature review summarizes the evidence for and against the influence of nutrition on optimal recovery and rehabilitation in chronic (>6 months) stroke. Results. The literature, which is mainly limited to cross-sectional studies, suggests that a suboptimal nutritional status, including an excess caloric intake, reduced protein intake, and micronutrient deficiencies, particularly the B-vitamins, vitamin D, and omega 3 fatty acids, may have deleterious effects on metabolic, physical, and psychological functioning in chronic stroke survivors. Conclusions. Careful evaluation of dietary intake, especially among those with eating disabilities and preexisting malnutrition, may aid in the identification of individuals at increased nutritional risk through which early intervention may benefit recovery and rehabilitation and prevent further complications after stroke.
Circulating Docosahexaenoic Acid and Risk of All-Cause and Cause-Speci fi c Mortality; Objective: To assess the associations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a marine omega -3 fatty acid, with long-term all -cause mortality, cardiovascular (CV) mortality, and cancer mortality. Patients and Methods: We analyzed data from UK Biobank, which included 117,702 subjects with baseline plasma DHA levels and 12.7 years of follow-up between April 2007 and December 2021. Associations with risk for mortality endpoints were analyzed categorically by quintile of DHA plasma levels. Results: Comparing the lowest to highest quintiles of circulating levels of DHA, there was 21% lower risk of all -cause mortality (HR, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.74 to 0.85; P < .0001). In a secondary analysis, we merged the UK Biobank fi ndings with those from a recent FORCE (Fatty Acid and Outcome Research Consortium) meta -analysis that included 17 prospective cohort studies and 42,702 individuals examining DHA and mortality associations. The cumulative sample population included 160,404 individuals and 24,342 deaths during a median of 14 years of follow-up. After multivariable adjustment for relevant risk factors comparing the lowest to the highest quintiles of DHA, there was 17% lower risk of all -cause mortality (95% CI, 0.79 to 0.87; P < .0001), 21% lower risk for CV disease mortality (95% CI, 0.73 to 0.87; P < .001), 17% lower risk for cancer mortality (95% CI, 0.77 to 0.89; P < .0001), and 15% lower risk for all other mortality (95% CI, 0.79 to 0.91; P < .001). Conclusion: Higher DHA levels were associated with signi fi cant risk reductions in all -cause mortality, as well as reduced risks for deaths due to CV disease, cancer, and all other causes. The fi ndings strengthen the hypothesis that DHA, a marine -sourced omega -3, may support CV health and lifespan. (c) 2023 THE AUTHORS. Published by Elsevier Inc on behalf of Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. This is an open access article under the CC BY -NC -ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/) center dot Mayo Clin Proc. 2024 ; 99(4):534-541
Fish oil and Fenofibrate for the treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia in HIV-Infected subjects on antiretroviral therapy - Results of ACTG A5186; Fish oil has been shown to reduce serum triglyceride (TG) concentrations. In HIV-infected patients on antiretroviral therapy, high TG concentrations likely contribute to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. AIDS Clinical Trials Group A5186 examined the safety and efficacy of fish oil plus fenofibrate in subjects not achieving serum TG levels <= 200 mg/dL with either agent alone.
Novel CB1-ligands maintain homeostasis of the endocannabinoid system in ω3-and ω6-long-chain-PUFA deficiency[S]; Mammalian omega 3- and omega 6-PUFAs are synthesized from essential fatty acids (EFAs) or supplied by the diet. PUFAs are constitutive elements of membrane architecture and precursors of lipid signaling molecules. EFAs and long-chain (LC)-PUFAs are precursors in the synthesis of endocannabinoid ligands of G(i/o) protein-coupled cannabinoid receptor (CB)1 and CB2 in the endocannabinoid system, which critically regulate energy homeostasis as the metabolic signaling system in hypothalamic neuronal circuits and behavioral parameters. We utilized the auxotrophic fatty acid desaturase 2-deficient (fads2(-/-)) mouse, deficient in LC-PUFA synthesis, to follow the age-dependent dynamics of the PUFA pattern in the CNS-phospholipidome in unbiased dietary studies of three cohorts on sustained LC-PUFA-free omega 6-arachidonic acid- and DHA-supplemented diets and their impact on the precursor pool of CB1 ligands. We discovered the transformation of eicosa-all cis-5,11,14-trienoic acid, uncommon in mammalian lipidomes, into two novel endocannabinoids, 20:3(5,11,14)-ethanolamide and 2-20:3(5,11,14)-glycerol. Their function as ligands of CB1 has been characterized in HEK293 cells. Labeling experiments excluded Delta 8-desaturase activity and proved the position specificity of FADS2. The fads2(-/-) mutant might serve as an unbiased model in vivo in the development of novel CB1 agonists and antagonists.
Selective <i>in vivo</i> effect of chitosan on fatty acid, neutral sterol and bile acid excretion: A longitudinal study; Chitosan, a deacetylated form of chitin, is a dietary fibre known for its hypolipidemic properties, which are mainly attributed to its unique cationic characteristics. We studied the selective in vivo effect of chitosan on fat excretion in order to elucidate its hypolipidemic mechanism. A 4-week longitudinal study was conducted in guinea pigs and the effect of chitosan on fat-absorption was compared to that of a soluble fibre: digestion-resistant maltodextrin. Animals were fed with high-fat isocaloric diets containing 12/100 g of cellulose, digestion-resistant maltodextrin or chitosan. Subsequently, the excretion of fatty acids, neutral sterols and bile acids was determined. Chitosan selectively reduced fat absorption in comparison to digestion-resistant maltodextrin. The excretion of lauric, myristic and palmitic fatty acids of animals fed with chitosan was more than 10-, 5- and 2-fold higher, respectively, than in the cellulose group, whereas stearic acid excretion was not significantly altered. Oleic, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid excretion were also significantly higher (P <0.001). The n-6/n-3 ratio in faeces of the chitosan group was 23.68, compared to 13.95 in the cellulose group. Total neutral sterol excretion was increased by both dietary fibres, whereas bile acid excretion was only increased by chitosan. Nevertheless, chitosan inhibited the intestinal bioconversion of cholesterol and primary bile acids to secondary metabolites. Hence, these results reveal that chitosan and digestion resistant maltodextrin exert their hypolipidemic activity by different mechanisms. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Phytochemicals, Herbal Extracts, and Dietary Supplements for Metabolic Disease Management; Comprehensive and effective care techniques have become essential due to the global epidemic dimensions of metabolic disorders, including diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular ailments. Recent research highlights the potential of dietary supplements, herbal extracts, and phytochemicals in treating metabolic diseases. This abstract conveys the current state of the science in this field by highlighting these findings' underlying mechanisms and potential therapeutic applications. Plant-based diets contain naturally occurring bioactive molecules termed phytochemicals, which have shown promise in treating various metabolic illnesses. Examples include curcumin, flavonoids, and polyphenols' insulin-sensitizing, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory properties. Herbal extracts, derived from ancient medicinal herbs, have been used by people for years to treat a wide range of ailments. Recent studies have shown the efficacy of these strategies in improving lipid profiles, glucose metabolism, and overall cardiovascular health. Omega-3 fatty acids, vitamins, and minerals are just a few of the numerous nutritional supplements that are critical to metabolic health. These vitamins improve insulin sensitivity, regulate blood sugar, and decrease inflammation. Probiotics and prebiotics also affect the gut flora, which significantly affects metabolic function. These natural medicines' ability to treat metabolic diseases either by themselves or in combination with conventional medical interventions. However, when using it therapeutically, one must consider the differences in doses, individual responses, and bioavailability. The article concludes that phytochemicals, plant extracts, and food supplements offer a promising avenue for the management of metabolic illnesses. Comprehensive research, including clinical studies, is needed to ascertain their safety and efficacy characteristics. When added to treatment strategies, these natural therapies could be helpful supplements that improve overall health and the quality of life among individuals with metabolic diseases. Naringenin, a citrus flavonoid, can potentially prevent kidney injury in hyperuricemia by reducing uric acid, inflammation, apoptosis, DNA damage, and activating antioxidants. Further research and professional consultation are essential. Factors contributing to metabolic diseases, current approaches to management nutritional approaches for managing obesity-associated metabolic impairments in the liver and small intestine, and nutritional approaches for managing obesity-associated metabolic dysregulation are also explained briefly.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids are potent neuroprotectors; Results reported in this work suggest a potential therapeutic value of polyunsaturated fatty acids for cerebral pathologies as previously proposed by others for cardiac diseases. We show that the polyunsaturated fatty acid linolenic acid prevents neuronal death in an animal model of transient global ischemia even when administered after the insult. Linolenic acid also protects animals treated with kainate against seizures and hippocampal lesions. The same effects have been observed in an in vitro model of seizure-like activity using glutamatergic neurons and they have been shown to be associated with blockade of glutamatergic transmission by low concentrations of distinct polyunsaturated fatty acids. Our data suggest that the opening of background K+ channels, like TREK-1 and TRAAK, which are activated by arachidonic acid and other polyunsaturated fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid and linolenic acid, is a significant factor in this neuroprotective effect. These channels are abundant in the brain where they are located both pre- and post-synaptically, and are insensitive to saturated fatty acids, which offer no neuroprotection.
Association of plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated and <i>trans</i> fatty acids with body mass index: results from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Previous research has focused on associations between dietary fat and body mass index (BMI), but the contributions of different types of fat to BMI remain unclear. The purpose of this study is to estimate whether plasma phospholipid omega-3 (n-3), omega-6 (n-6) or trans fatty acids are associated with BMI at baseline and with subsequent BMI changes over time; and whether total phospholipid n-6 or trans fatty acids modify any association between phospholipid n-3 and BMI.
Fish oil fatty acids as cardiovascular drugs; Starting in the 1970s the hypothesis that the low mortality from coronary heart disease among the Greenland Eskimos was due to their high consumption of n-3 fish oil fatty acids, initiated many studies to find if the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oils (PUFAs) could prevent cardiac atherosclerosis. To date this possibility has not achieved clinical recognition. The recent literature shows an increase of intervention studies to learn if the fish oil fatty acids can reduce mortality from sudden cardiac death, and the mechanism(s) of such a protective effect. Indeed the most definite beneficial cardiac action of these n-3 PUFAs seems now to be their ability in the short term to prevent sudden cardiac death. It is apparent that over long periods of time the n-3 fish oil fatty acids also prevent atherosclerosis.
Updated Evidence-Based DGE Guideline - A Critical Appraisal; The Guidelines Commission of the German Nutrition Society (DGE) recently analysed data from epidemiological studies (interventional studies, cohort studies and meta-analyses based on them) on the relationship between quantitative and qualitative dietary fat intake and the risk of nutrition-related disease (obesity, diabetes type 2, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, dyslipoproteinaemia, and cancer). Core results from the updated fat guideline are as follows: The evidence that a high proportion of dietary fat of total energy intake increases the risk for obesity is indicated as probable although the amount of dietary fat does not modify the risk for type 2 diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease, stroke or cancer. The evidence for long-chain omega-3 fatty acids lowering blood pressure is probable. There is probable evidence that the replacement of saturated fatty acids by polyunsaturated fatty acids in the omega-3 and omega-6 series as well as the consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids cause a decrease in cardiovascular risk, while trans fatty acids increase this risk. In contrast, dietary cholesterol is not associated with the risk of coronary heart disease or stroke.
A PROSPECTIVE, RANDOMIZED, AND DOUBLE-BLIND TRIAL ON THE EFFECT OF FISH OIL ON THE INCIDENCE OF RESTENOSIS FOLLOWING PTCA; Restenosis after successful coronary angioplasty (PTCA) occurs in 25-35% of all procedures. To date, most pharmacologic strategies have failed to reduce the restenosis rate significantly. However, recent studies have suggested a potential benefit of dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids (fish oil) on restenosis following PTCA. The benefit of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the incidence of coronary artery restenosis following elective PTCA was assessed in 212 consecutive patients (41 female, 171 male). Following a successful angloplasty, 204 patients received a dietary supplementation with either nine capsules containing fish oil (3.15 g omega-3 fatty acids) or nine placebo capsules containing olive oil. Treatment was started immediately after PTCA and maintained over 4 mon. Compliance was assessed by analysis of lipid fatty acids prior to angloplasty and at 4 mon follow-up. The angiographically determined incidence of restenosis (stenosis diameter > 50%) was 31.2% per lesion in patients receiving fish oil and 33.7% in patients receiving olive oil. Gross progression of coronary artery disease in vessels not subjected to angioplasty was 17% and 16%, respectively. In conclusion, low dose fish oil supplementation begun on the day of a successful coronary angioplasty failed to demonstrate any effect on coronary artery restenosis.
Effect of walnut (<i>Juglans Regia</i>) consumption on hyperlipidemic adults; Present study was aimed to assess effect of walnut kernel with different dose on individuals with hyperlipidemia. Study was conducted at Fatima Memorial Hospital (FMH), Shadman, Lahore, Pakistan and 90 hyperlipidemic individuals were divided into 3 groups having no other disease. Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were estimated in all three groups on 0 day (at start) 30th day and on 56th day of study. A significant (p < 0.05) result was observed and blood lipid profile of individuals were seen to improve by consuming walnuts. Group B who were fed 25 g walnuts kernel per day for 56 days a decrease of 21.6% in serum TC, 28.9% in serum TG, 26.5% in LDL-C; and an increase of 27.1% in HDL-C was observed as compared to control group. Whereas group C individuals who were fed 50 g walnut kernel per day showed a decrease of 30.3% in serum TC, 37.2% in serum TG, 33.8% in LDL-C and an increase of 50.0% in HDL-C was observed. It was concluded that consumption (25 g and 50 g) of walnut kernel showed significant (p < 0.05) improvements in lipid profile of hyperlipidemic individuals when consumed for 56 days.
Homocysteine and Asymmetrical Dimethylarginine in Diabetic Rats Treated with Docosahexaenoic Acid-Loaded Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles; Hyperglycemia, the hallmark of diabetes mellitus, is considered one of the endothelial dysfunction risk factors, the main reason of vascular complication. In this study, we aimed to evaluate homocysteine (Hcy) and asymmetrical dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels in diabetic rats and the possibility to attenuate the elevation of these two parameters by supplementation of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) alone or loaded zinc oxide nanoparticles (ZnONPs) to improve endothelial dysfunction in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. Forty male albino rats weighing 180-200 g were classified as control, diabetic, diabetic treated with DHA, and diabetic treated with DHA-loaded zinc oxide nanoparticles (DHA/ZnONPs) groups. Fasting blood glucose, insulin, ADMA, Hcy, and nitric oxide (NO) were estimated. Fatty acids (linoleic acid (LA), arachidonic acid (AA), DHA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and oleic acid (OA)) were also evaluated by reversed phase HPLC using a UV detector. The results showed that fasting blood sugar, insulin resistance, LA, AA, OA, ADMA, and Hcy increased significantly in diabetic rats compared with control while fasting insulin, DHA, ALA, and NO decreased significantly in diabetic rats. In both treated groups, fasting blood sugar, insulin resistance, LA, AA, OA, ADMA, and Hcy significantly decreased as compared with the diabetic group while fasting insulin, DHA, ALA, and NO were significantly increased. In conclusion, DHA and DHA/ZnONP supplementation protect against diabetic complications and improve endothelial dysfunction as well as hyperhomocysteinemia in diabetes. DHA/ZnONP-treated group appeared more efficient than DHA alone.
Alteration of redox status and fatty acid profile in gills from the green crab (Carcinus aestuarii) following dimethoate exposure; Dimethoate is a broad-spectrum organophosphate insecticide and acaricide. Through various pathways, such as runoff and drift, dimethoate can reach marine environment, and easily impact common organisms in coastal areas, close to agriculture lands, namely crustaceans. The purpose of this study was to investigate the potential effects of dimethoate exposure (50, 100, and 200 mu g/l), for 1 day, on a wide range of markers of oxidative stress and neurotransmission impairment, as well as fatty acids composition and histopathological aspect in the gills of the green crab Carcinus aestuarii. A significant increase in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids series, namely the eicosapentaenoic acid (C20: 5n3) and its precursor alpha-linolenic acid (C 18: 3n3) in dimethoate-treated crabs was recorded. Concerning n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, we noted a high reduction in arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6) levels. Dimethoate exposure increased the levels of hydrogen peroxide, malondialdehyde, lipid hydroperoxides, protein carbonyl, and caused the advanced oxidation of protein products along with enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidant-related markers. Acetylcholinesterase activity was highly inhibited following exposure to dimethoate in a concentration-dependent manner. Finally, deleterious histopathological changes with several abnormalities were noted in exposed animals confirming our biochemical findings. The present study offered unique insights to establish a relationship between redox status and alterations in fatty acid composition, allowing a better understanding of dimethoate-triggered toxicity.
Protective Effect of Unsaturated Fatty Acids on Palmitic Acid-Induced Toxicity in Skeletal Muscle Cells is not Mediated by PPARδ Activation; Unsaturated free fatty acids (FFA) are able to prevent deleterious effects of saturated FFA in skeletal muscle cells although the mechanisms involved are still not completely understood. FFA act as endogenous ligands of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPAR), transcription factors regulating the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. The aim of this study was to determine whether activation of PPAR delta, the most common PPAR subtype in skeletal muscle, plays a role in mediating the protective effect of unsaturated FFA on saturated FFA-induced damage in skeletal muscle cells and to examine an impact on mitochondrial respiration. Mouse C2C12 myotubes were treated for 24 h with different concentrations of saturated FFA (palmitic acid), unsaturated FFA (oleic, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid), and their combinations. PPAR delta agonist GW501516 and antagonist GSK0660 were also used. Both mono- and polyunsaturated FFA, but not GW501516, prevented palmitic acid-induced cell death. Mono- and polyunsaturated FFA proved to be effective activators of PPAR delta compared to saturated palmitic acid; however, in combination with palmitic acid their effect on PPAR delta activation was blocked and stayed at the levels observed for palmitic acid alone. Unsaturated FFA at moderate physiological concentrations as well as GW501516, but not palmitic acid, mildly uncoupled mitochondrial respiration. Our results indicate that although unsaturated FFA are effective activators of PPAR delta, their protective effect on palmitic acid-induced toxicity is not mediated by PPAR delta activation and subsequent induction of lipid regulatory genes in skeletal muscle cells. Other mechanisms, such as mitochondrial uncoupling, may underlie their effect.
The anti-tussive, anti-inflammatory effects and sub-chronic toxicological evaluation of perilla seed oil; BACKGROUND Perilla seed oil (PSO) is the main constituent of perilla seeds currently being used in the food industry, however it also has great clinical potential in the regulation of lung function as a nutrition supplement because of the high content of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). In this study, the pharmacological activities including anti-tussive, expectorant and anti-inflammatory effect of PSO were performed. Furthermore, the 90-day sub-chronic oral toxicity with a 30 day recovery period was evaluated in Wistar rats. RESULTS The pharmacological studies demonstrated that PSO inhibited cough frequency induced by capsaicine in mice. PSO also inhibited the leukotriene B4 (LTB4) release from the calcium ionophore A23187-induced polymorphonuclear neutrophils (PMNs) to some extent. In this sub-chronic toxicity study, mortality, clinical signs, body weight, food consumption, hematology, serum biochemistry, urinalysis, organ weight, necropsy, and histopathology were used to evaluate the toxicity of PSO. Lower body weight and various negative impacts on liver related parameters without histopathological lesion were observed in the 16 g kg(-1)groups. No clinically significant changes were discovered in the 4 g kg(-1)group during the test period. CONCLUSION In summary, PSO exhibited anti-tussive and anti-inflammatory activitiesin vivoandin vitro. These sub-chronic toxicity studies inferred that the 'no-observed adverse effect level' (NOAEL) of PSO in Wistar rats was determined to be 4 g kg(-1). These results may provide a safety profile and a valuable reference for the use of PSO. (c) 2020 Society of Chemical Industry
Metabolic biomarkers using nuclear magnetic resonance metabolomics assay for the prediction of aging-related disease risk and mortality: a prospective, longitudinal, observational, cohort study based on the UK Biobank; The identification of metabolic biomarkers for aging-related diseases and mortality is of significant interest in the field of longevity. In this study, we investigated the associations between nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) metabolomics biomarkers and aging-related diseases as well as mortality using the UK Biobank dataset. We analyzed NMR samples from approximately 110,000 participants and used multi-head machine learning classification models to predict the incidence of aging-related diseases. Cox regression models were then applied to assess the relevance of NMR biomarkers to the risk of death due to aging-related diseases. Additionally, we conducted survival analyses to evaluate the potential improvements of NMR in predicting survival and identify the biomarkers most strongly associated with negative health outcomes by dividing participants into health, disease, and death groups for all age groups. Our analysis revealed specific metabolomics profiles that were associated with the incidence of age-related diseases, and the most significant biomarker was intermediate density lipoprotein cholesteryl (IDL-CE). In addition, NMR biomarkers could provide additional contributions to relevant mortality risk prediction when combined with conventional risk factors, by improving the C-index from 0.813 to 0.833, with 17 NMR biomarkers significantly contributing to disease-related death, such as monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), linoleic acid (LA), glycoprotein acetyls (GlycA), and omega-3. Moreover, the value of free cholesterol in very large HDL particles (XL-HDL-FC) in the healthy control group demonstrated significantly higher values than the disease and death group across all age groups. This study highlights the potential of NMR metabolomics profiling as a valuable tool for identifying metabolic biomarkers associated with aging-related diseases and mortality risk, which could have practical implications for aging-related disease risk and mortality prediction.
EFFECT OF DIET ON INFANT SUBCUTANEOUS TISSUE TRIGLYCERIDE FATTY-ACIDS; Having demonstrated a deficiency in infant cerebral cortex docosahexaenoic acid of formula fed compared with breast milk fed infants, we sought to identify why the extensive subcutaneous tissue triglyceride fatty acid reserves in term newborn infants appeared to be ineffectual in its prevention.
LIPOSOMES MODULATE KUPFFER CELL ENDOTOXIN RESPONSE; Objectives: To test the hypothesis that pretreatment with liposomes enriched with the omega 3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 omega 3) will alter the Kupffer's cell and systemic cytokine (tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6) response to endotoxin challenge, and to demonstrate alterations in Kupffer's cell phospholipid fatty acid composition after in vivo liposome treatment.
Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy: an important concern; Epilepsy is one of the most common neurologic problems worldwide. Unfortunately, individuals with epilepsy are at higher risk of death than the general population, and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy is the most important direct epilepsy-related cause of death. In this review article, our research group focused on the risk factors, mechanisms and preventative measures obtained from clinical and experimental studies on sudden unexpected death in epilepsy.
Resolvin E1 and its precursor 18<i>R</i>-HEPE restore mitochondrial function in inflammation; Inflammatory disorders such as sepsis are a major cause of morbidity and mortality. Mitochondrial dysfunction is considered a key factor in the pathogenesis of severe inflammation. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the impact of arachidonic acid, omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, and n-3-derived lipid mediators 18R-HEPE and resolvin (Rv) E1 on mitochondrial function in experimental inflammation. The results revealed that, in contrast to n-6 and n-3 fatty acids, both 18R-HEPE and RvE1 possess anti-inflammatory and anti-apoptotic properties. Both mediators are able to restore inflammation-induced mitochondrial dysfunction, which is characterized by a decrease in mitochondrial respiration and membrane potential, as well as an imbalance of mitochondria] fission and fusion. Furthermore, inhibition of mitochondrial fission by Mdivi-1 and Dynasore reduces levels of the pro inflammatory cytokines IL-6 and IL-8. These results suggest a novel functional mechanism for the beneficial effects of RvE1 in inflammatory reactions.
Effect of consumption of tomato juice enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the lipid profile, antioxidant biomarker status, and cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women; We compared the effects of consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)-enriched tomato juice versus plain tomato juice on the serum lipid profile and levels of biomarkers related to antioxidant status and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women.
Significance of Brain Tissue Oxygenation and the Arachidonic Acid Cascade in Stroke; The significance of the hypoxia component of stroke injury is highlighted by hypermetabolic brain tissue enriched with arachidonic acid (AA), a 22:6n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid. In an ischemic stroke environment in which cerebral blood flow is arrested, oxygen-starved brain tissue initiates the rapid cleavage of AA from the membrane phospholipid bilayer. Once free, AA undergoes both enzyme-independent and enzyme-mediated oxidative metabolism, resulting in the formation of number of biologically active metabolites which themselves contribute to pathological stroke outcomes. This review is intended to examine two divergent roles of molecular dioxygen in brain tissue as (1) a substrate for life-sustaining homeostatic metabolism of glucose and (2) a substrate for pathogenic metabolism of AA under conditions of stroke. Recent developments in research concerning supplemental oxygen therapy as an intervention to correct the hypoxic component of stroke injury are discussed. Antioxid. Redox Signal. 14, 1889-1903.
Growth inhibitory effect of lithium gammalinolenate on pancreatic cancer cell lines: The influence of albumin and iron; Essential fatty acids, especially gamma linolenic (GLA) and eicosapentaenoic acids, have been proposed as potential anticancer drugs. Our aim was to study the effect of the lithium salt of gamma linolenic acid (LiGLA) on the growth of two human pancreatic cancer cell lines (MIA PaCa2 and Panc 1) and primary human fibroblasts (HFF 5) in vitro. Cell growth was assessed by a microculture tetrazolium (MTT) assay. LiGLA had a selective growth inhibitory effect on pancreatic cancer cell lines with 50% growth inhibition (IC50) at approximately 6-16 mu mol/l compared with approximately 111 mu mol/l for the fibroblasts. The degree of growth inhibition increased with the time of exposure to LiGLA. Special attention was paid to the influence of albumin and iron on LiGLA-mediated growth inhibition. Albumin incorporated into essentially serum-free culture medium inhibited the effect of LiGLA in a dose-dependent manner, associated with reduced GLA uptake by cancer cells. Ferric ions were confirmed as potentiators of the growth inhibitory effect of LiGLA but more physiologically relevant transferrin-bound iron was ineffective. With further improvements in the fatty acid delivery mechanism, LiGLA may become a useful adjunct in the management of pancreatic cancer patients. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ltd.
Taurine as the Nutritional Factor for the Longevity of the Japanese Revealed by a World-Wide Epidemiological Survey; The initial observation that taurine (T) prevented stroke in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) led us to study the effects of T on cardiovascular diseases (CVD), as well as the epidemiological association of T and mortality rates, by using the data from WHO-coordinated Cardiovascular Disease and Alimentary Comparison Study, which covered 61 populations in 25 countries. In this study, 24 hour urine (24-U) samples were examined along with biomarkers of CVD risk. The mortality rate from ischemic heart disease (IHD), which was lowest among the Japanese compared to the populations of other developed countries, was positively related to total serum cholesterol (TC) and inversely related to 24-U taurine excretion (24-UT), as well as the n-3 fatty acid to total phospholipids ratio of the plasma membrane, both biomarkers of seafood intake. Analysis of 5 diet-related factors revealed that TC and BMI were positively associated with IHD mortality in both genders while Mg and T were negatively associated with IHD mortality. TC and sodium (Na) were negatively and positively associated with stroke mortality, respectively. 24-UT was negatively associated with stroke mortality. These five diet-related factors explained 61 and 49% of IHD and stroke variances in male, 63 and 36% of IHD and stroke variances in female, respectively.
Foamy Monocytes Are Enriched in <i>cis</i>-7-Hexadecenoic Fatty Acid (16:1n-9), a Possible Biomarker for Early Detection of Cardiovascular Disease; Human monocytes respond to arachidonic acid, a secretory product of endothelial cells, by activating the de novo pathway of fatty acid biosynthesis, resulting in the acquisition of a foamy phenotype due to accumulation of cytoplasmic lipid droplets. Recruitment of foamy monocytes to endothelium is a key step in the formation of atherosclerotic plaques. Here we describe that lipid droplets of foamy monocytes are enriched in a rather uncommon fatty acid, cis-7-hexadecenoic acid (16:1n-9), a positional isomer of palmitoleic acid. 16:1n-9 was found to possess an anti-inflammatory activity both in vitro and in vivo that is comparable with that of omega-3 fatty acids and clearly distinguishable from the effects of palmitoleic acid. Selective accumulation in neutral lipids of phagocytic cells of an uncommon fatty acid reveals an early phenotypic change that may provide a biomarker of proatherogenicity, and a potential target for intervention in the early stages of cardiovascular disease.
Lowering dietary linoleic acid reduces bioactive oxidized linoleic acid metabolites in humans; Linoleic acid (LA) is the most abundant polyunsaturated fatty acid in human diets, a major component of human tissues, and the direct precursor to the bioactive oxidized LA metabolites (OXLAMs), 9- and 13 hydroxy-octadecadienoic acid (9- and 13-HODE) and 9- and 13-oxo-octadecadienoic acid (9- and 13-oxoODE). These four OXIAMs have been mechanistically linked to pathological conditions ranging from cardiovascular disease to chronic pain. Plasma OXLAMs, which are elevated in Alzheimer's dementia and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, have been proposed as biomarkers useful for indicating the presence and severity of both conditions. Because mammals lack the enzymatic machinery needed for de novo LA synthesis, the abundance of LA and OXLAMs in mammalian tissues may be modifiable via diet. To examine this issue in humans, we measured circulating LA and OXLAMs before and after a 12-week LA lowering dietary intervention in chronic headache patients. Lowering dietary LA significantly reduced the abundance of plasma OXLAMs, and reduced the LA content of multiple circulating lipid fractions that may serve as precursor pools for endogenous OXLAM synthesis. These results show that lowering dietary LA can reduce the synthesis and/or accumulation of oxidized LA derivatives that have been implicated in a variety of pathological conditions. Future studies evaluating the clinical implications of diet-induced OXLAM reductions are warranted. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Cardiovascular Disease and Dyslipidemia: Beyond LDL; Low-density lipoproteins (LDL) are atherogenic and represent a strong cardiovascular risk factor. Therefore, LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) remains the primary target in lipid lowering therapy. However, since many cardiovascular events occur despite an optimal LDL-C, it is necessary to focus on the remaining cardiovascular risk. Treatment of low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and high triglycerides (TG) are options to achieve cardiovascular risk reduction beyond LDL.
Therapeutic Effect and Mechanism Study of <i>Rhodiola wallichiana</i> var. <i>cholaensis</i> Injection to Acute Blood Stasis Using Metabolomics Based on UPLC-Q/TOF-MS; In traditional Chinese medicine theory, blood stasis syndrome (BSS), characterized by blood flow retardation and blood stagnation, is one of the main pathologic mechanisms and clinical syndromes of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Rhodiola wallichiana var. cholaensis injection (RWCI) is made from dry roots and stems of RWC via the processes of decoction, alcohol precipitation, filtration, and dilution. Studies indicated the extracts of RWC could alleviate CVDs; however, the mechanism had not been illustrated. In the present study, the acute blood stasis rat model was established to investigate the pathogenesis of BSS and the therapeutic mechanism of RWCI against BSS. Hemorheological parameters (whole blood viscosity and plasma viscosity) and inflammatory factors (TNF-alpha and IL-6) were used to evaluate the success of the BSS rat model and RWCI efficacy. 14 and 33 differential metabolites were identified from plasma and urine samples using the metabolomics approach based on ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography coupled with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry. The results of multivariate analysis displayed that there were significant separations among model, control, and treatment groups, but the high-dose RWCI treatment group was closer to the control group. 9 perturbed metabolic pathways were related to BSS's development and RWCI intervention. 5 metabolic pathways (arachidonic acid metabolism, linoleic acid metabolism, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, retinol metabolism, and steroid hormone biosynthesis) showed apparent correlations. These differential metabolites and perturbed metabolic pathways might provide a novel view to understand the pathogenesis of BSS and the pharmacological mechanism of RWCI.
GLA supplementation regulates PHD2 mediated hypoxia and mitochondrial apoptosis in DMBA induced mammary gland carcinoma; The aim of the present study is to evaluate the effect of gamma linolenic acid (GLA) on mitochondrial mediated death apoptosis, hypoxic microenviron ment and cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway against 7, 12-dimethylbenz (a) anthracene (DMBA) induced mammary gland carcinoma. The effects of GLA were evaluated morphologically and biochemically against DMBA induced mammary gland carcinoma. The metabolic study was done for evaluation of biomarkers using H-1 NMR. The present study was also verified through immunoblotting and qRT-PCR studies for the evaluation of various pathways. GLA treatment has a delineate implementation upon morphology of the tissues when evaluated through carmine staining, hematoxyline and eosin staining and scanning electron microscopy. GLA also demarked a commendatory proclamation of the fifteen key serum metabolites analogous with amino acid metabolism and fatty acid metabolism when recognized through H-1 NMR studies. The immunoblotting and qRT-PCR studies accomplished that GLA mediated mitochondria death apoptosis, curtail hypoxic microenvironment along with hindrance of de novo fatty acid synthesis and also mediate the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway to proclaim its anticancer effects.
Effect of fatty and lean fish intake on lipoprotein subclasses in subjects with coronary heart disease: A controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Fish oil intake reduces serum triglycerides; however, little is known about the effects of dietary fish intake on lipoprotein subclasses.
Does Food Promote the Fitness of Elderly? Diet - A Crucial Factor for Healthy Aging; The mediterranian diet is effective in combatting cardiovascular diseases. In particular, in the Lyon Diet Heart Study the risk for a second myocardial infarction was reduced by 70 per cent when a mediterranian diet was administered. Furthermore recent data demonstrate that a high intake of fruits and vegetables can reduce the risk for stroke significantly. The beneficial effects of a mediterranian diet can be explained by the high amount of antioxidants and unsaturated fatty acids, e.g. omega-3 fatty acids and their precursor a linolen acid.
Fish oil-derived fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid, and the risk of acute coronary events -: The kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study; Background-Previous findings concerning the serum levels of fish-derived (n-3) fatty acids and coronary heart disease are inconsistent. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between the serum n-3 end-product fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and eicosapentaenoic acid and the risk of acute coronary events in middle-aged men.
Fishing for health: Neighborhood variation in fish intake, fish quality and association with stroke risk among older adults in the Cardiovascular Health Study; Background and aims: Fish consumption has been associated with better health outcomes. Dietary patterns may vary substantially by neighborhood of residence. However, it is unclear if the benefits of a healthy diet are equivalent in different communities. This study examines associations of fish consumption with stroke incidence and stroke risk factors, and whether these differ by neighborhood socioeconomic status (NSES).Methods and results: We studied 4007 participants in the Cardiovascular Health Study who were 65 years or older and recruited between 1989 and 1990 from 4 US communities. Outcomes included fish consumption type (bakes/broiled vs. fried) and frequency, stroke incidence, and stroke risk factors. Multilevel regressions models were used to estimate fish consumption associations with clinical outcomes. Lower NSES was associated with higher consumption of fried fish (aOR Z 1.47, 95% CI: 1.10-1.98) and lower consumption of non-fried fish (0.64, 0.47-0.86). Frequent fried fish (11.9 vs. 9.2 person-years for at least once weekly vs. less than once a month, respectively) and less frequent non-fried fish (17.7 vs. 9.6 person-years for less than once a month vs. at least once weekly, respectively) were independently associated with an increased risk of stroke (p-values < 0.05). However, among those with similar levels of healthy fish consumption, residents with low NSES had less benefit on stroke risk reduction, compared with high NSES.Conclusion: Fish consumption type and frequency both impact stroke risk. Benefits of healthy fish consumption differ by neighborhood socioeconomic status. (c) 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effect of individual saturated and unsaturated fatty acids on cell growth and death induction in the human pancreatic β-cell line NES2Y; We tested the effects of various types of fatty acids, differing in the degree of saturation and in the cis/trans configuration of the double bond, on the growth and viability of NES2Y cells (a human pancreatic p-cell line). We found that during a 48-hour incubation period, saturated fatty acids, i.e. palmitic and stearic acids, at a physiologically relevant concentration of 1 mM and higher concefitrations induced death of the beta-cells while their counterpart unsaturated fatty acids, i.e. palmitoleic and oleic acids, did not induce cell death at concentrations up to 3 mM. We also found that unsaturated elaidic acid with a trans double bond exerted significant inhibition of growth of the beta-cells at a concentration approximately ten times lower, i.e. 0.1 mM vs. 1 mM, than counterpart oleic acid with a cis double bond. This is the first direct evidence that a trans unsaturated fatty acid is significantly more effective in inhibiting beta-cell growth than a counterpart cis unsaturated fatty acid. Furthermore, we newly demonstrated that beta-cell death induced by saturated fatty acids is related to significant increase of caspase-2 activity (2 to 5-fold increase) but not to caspase-3 activation. The growth-inhibiting effect of saturated fatty acids at concentrations lower than death-inducing concentrations correlates with certain increase of caspase-2 activity. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of increasing n-3 HUFA content in enriched <i>Artemia</i> on growth, survival and skeleton anomalies occurrence of greater amberjack <i>Seriola dumerili</i> larvae; Elevated mortality during early stages and high occurrence of skeletal anomalies are major concerns in Greater amberjack (Seriola dumerili) juvenile's production. Identification of nutritional requirements during live prey feeding stages, particularly those related with n-3 HUFA would help to formulate specific diets for this species improving larval survival and reducing skeleton anomalies. In this study S. dumerili larvae were reared from 17 to 35 days post hatching (dph). Larvae were fed Artemia sp. containing five different n-3 HUFA levels from 2.7 to 20.5% TFA. Growth, survival, skeletal anomalies occurrence and larval biochemical composition were determined. Best growth, final survival and survival after air stress test were achieved in the range of dietary n-3 HUFA concentrations, between 5 and 20%TFA. The lowest occurrence of skeletal anomalies was achieved in fish fed 12% n-3 HUFA content in Artemia, and the occurrence of cranial anomalies was correlated to increased dietary n-3 HUFA levels. Besides, whole body larval fatty acid profiles showed a positive correlation with dietary n-3 HUFA. Based on the overall results the recommended n-3 HUFA dietary level during Artemia feeding for larval S. dumerili was suggested between 12 and 17%TFA.
Eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic (DHA) Acid Differentially Modulate Rat Neutrophil Function In Vitro; Fish oils are used as therapeutic agents in chronic inflammatory diseases. The omega-3 fatty acids (FA) found in these oils are mainly eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. The anti-inflammatory properties of fish oils are attributed to both omega-3 fatty acids. However, it is unknown whether such effects are due to either EPA or DHA. In this study, the effects of EPA and DHA on rat neutrophil function in vitro were compared. Both EPA and DHA increased the production of H2O2 when cells were stimulated or not with lipopolysaccharides (LPS). However, EPA was more potent than DHA in triggering an increase in superoxide release by cells in the basal condition or when stimulated with phorbol myristate acetate (PMA) or zymosan. Only DHA increased the phagocytic capacity and fungicidal activity of neutrophils. Both FA increased the release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in nonstimulated cells, but only EPA increased the production of cytokine-inducing neutrophil chemoattractant-2 (CINC-2) in the absence or presence of LPS, whereas production of interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) was only increased by DHA in the presence of LPS. In addition, there was no alteration in the production of nitric oxide. In conclusion, we show herein that EPA and DHA can differently modulate aspects of the neutrophil response, which may be relevant for the development of therapies rich in one or other FA depending on the effect required.
Effect of breed on meat quality and global acceptance of native lambs and their crosses; International projections point to the growth in global production of sheep meat, mainly from developing countries. However, the exigencies of consumers on characterization of production systems, nutritional information, and sensorial analysis to target the preferences must be answered. The aim of this study was to characterize the meat quality and the global acceptance of Brazilian native ovine breeds and their crosses, and discuss these aspects on the current basis of human health and wellbeing. Three native breeds (Morada Nova, Rabo Largo, and Santa Ines) that were managed in semi-intensive systems and raised in semi-arid Brazilian regions were used. Chemical composition and fatty acid analysis, sensory evaluation and health indices were accessed. The combined effects of breed, sex and breed by sex interaction produced differentiation in meat fatty acid (FA) profiles. The cholesterol contents ranged between 51 and 59.1 mg/100 g. The Morada Nova lambs showed the lowest lipid content (1.93%). The Morada Nova x Rabo Largo crossbreed breed has the potential to increase the content of conjugated linoleic acid. The high content of alpha-linolenic acid, which is considered hypocholesterolemic, was responsible for better health indices. The moderate acceptability obtained in sensory traits is compatible with the requirements of the consumer market. The combination of nutritional and sensory traits associated with human health and wellbeing that is presented by these native ovine breeds qualifies them as a good choice of red meat to be included in a larger proportion in human food.
Blood pressure decrease with ingestion of a soya product (kinako) or fish oil in women with the metabolic syndrome: role of adiponectin and nitric oxide; The aim of the present study was to verify the effects of fish oil and a soya-based product on inflammatory markers and endothelial function measured by NO in women with the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A total of sixty-five women (mean age: 47.9 (SD 9.98) years) were studied in a 90-d parallel, randomised design. A control group maintained their usual diet; the second group received 29 g/d of soyabean (kinako); the third group received 3 g/d of fish oil n-3 fatty acids; and the fourth group received fish oil (3 g/d) and kinako (29 g/d). Anthropometric, blood pressure (BP), inflammatory markers, anti-inflammatory marker (adiponectin) and NO concentrations were evaluated. In relation to the baseline values, the group that received fish oil and kinako concomitantly presented a statistically significant decrease in systolic BP (SBP; P<0.05), whereas there was a significant decrease in diastolic BP (DBP) in the control group (P<0.05), kinako group (P<0.01) and fish oil group (P<0.01) after 90 d. There was a significant increase in adiponectin (P, 0.01) and NO values (P<0.05) after 90 d in the kinako and fish oil groups. Differences between treatment groups verified a significant decrease (P<.05) in DBP in the kinako group after 90 d when compared to the results obtained from the fish oil and kinako groups. In conclusion, the findings of increased serum adiponectin and NO metabolite levels after 90 d, both in the fish oil and soya groups, reinforce the importance of the influence of adiponectin and NO levels on BP decrease in patients with the MetS.
Clinical Efficacy of Perioperative Immunonutrition Containing Omega-3-Fatty Acids in Patients Undergoing Hepatectomy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: The effect of immunonutrition in patients undergoing hepatectomy remains unclear. This meta-analysis aimed to assess the impact of immunonutrition on postoperative clinical outcomes in patients undergoing hepatectomy. Methods: A literature search of PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, and Embase databases was performed to identify all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) exploring the effect of perioperative immunonutrition in patients undergoing hepatectomy until the end of March 10, 2020. Quality assessment and data extraction of RCTs were conducted independently by 3 reviewers. Mean difference (MD) and odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a fixed-effects or random-effects model. The meta-analysis was performed with RevMan 5.3 software. Results: Nine RCTs involving a total of 966 patients were finally included. This meta-analysis showed that immunonutrition significantly reduced the incidences of overall postoperative complications (OR = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.34-0.95; p = 0.03), overall postoperative infectious complications (OR = 0.53, 95% CI: 0.37-0.75; p = 0.0003), and incision infection (OR = 0.50, 95% CI: 0.28-0.89; p = 0.02), and it shortened the length of hospital stay (MD = -3.80, 95% CI: -6.59 to -1.02; p = 0.007). There were no significant differences in the incidences of pulmonary infection (OR = 0.60, 95% CI: 0.32-1.12; p = 0.11), urinary tract infection (OR = 1.30, 95% CI: 0.55-3.08; p = 0.55), liver failure (OR = 0.54, 95% CI: 0.23-1.24; p = 0.15), and postoperative mortality (OR = 0.69, 95% CI: 0.26-1.83; p = 0.46). Conclusion: Given its positive impact on postoperative complications and the tendency to shorten the length of hospital stay, perioperative immunonutrition should be encouraged in patients undergoing hepatectomy.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Variants Associated with Hypertension and Cardiovascular Disease Interact with Dietary Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids to Modulate Plasma Homocysteine in Puerto Rican Adults; Although methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) genetic variants are associated with plasma homocysteine (Hcy) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), little s known whether dietary fatty acid intake modulates these associations. Tie goal was to examine the interaction o MTHFR variants with d etary fatty acids influencing plasma Hey in 995 Bostor Pier to Rican adults. We found that plasma Hcy concentration was negatively correlated with (n-3) PUFA intake (r = -0.117; P - 0.022), and the rat o of (n-3):(n-6) PUPA in the diet (r = -0.1 22; P = 0.009). Further, 2 functional MTHER variarts, 1298A>C and 677C>T, which are not in linkage disequilibrium in this population, were significantly associated with hypertension (OR = 1.72. P = 0.024, and OR = 1.60. P = 0 002, respectively). In addition, :he 1298A>C variant was sigmficantly associated with CVD (OR = 3.32; P = 0.030). Importantly. this variant exhibited significant interactions with intakes of total and (n-6) PUFA and the (n-3):(n-6) PUPA ratio of the d e:. The plasma Hcy concentration of carriers of risk allele 1298C was greater than that of roncarr ers only when participants had consumed a high-PUFA diet (>7.8% energy) but was not greater when :hey had low intake of PUFA (<= 7.8% energy). In addition, participants with combined aerotypes of both SNP (677 : with 1298 AC or CC) who consumed high levels of (n-3) PUFA (>0.66% energy) had lower plasma Hcy compared with :hose who had the same genotype and consumed low levels of (n-3) PUFA (>0.66% energy). Our study suggests that dietary PJFA intake modulates the ef ect of 2 MIHFR variants or plasma Hcy in Boston Puerto Rican adults. J. Nutr. 141: 654-659, 2011.
Lipid lowering therapy: implications of recent clinical trials; Recent lipid lowering therapy trials have provided important insights on certain agents while also continuing to expand our understanding of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk. Findings from current trials include the impact of statin therapy on ASCVD among populations with HIV, the benefit of lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with bempedoic acid among patients considered statin intolerant, the safety and efficacy of inclisiran over a 4-year period, another failed attempt for fibrates to reduce ASCVD risk, which omega-3 fatty to utilize for lowering cardiovascular events, 'n-of-1' trials evaluating statin intolerance, and how low-dose rosuvastatin compared with commonly utilized supplements for lowering lipid parameters. Such data help inform so clinicians can optimize lipid lowering therapy and improve ASCVD outcomes.
Inclusion of fish or fish oil in weight-loss diets for young adults:: effects on blood lipids; Objective: To assess the effects of fish (lean or oily) and fish oil consumption on blood lipid concentration during weight loss.
Fatty acids linked to cardiovascular mortality are associated with risk factors; Background. Although saturated fatty acids (FAs) have been linked to cardiovascular mortality, it is not clear whether this outcome is attributable solely to their effects on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) or whether other risk factors are also associated with FAs. The Western Alaskan Native population, with its rapidly changing lifestyles, shift in diet from unsaturated to saturated fatty acids and dramatic increase in cardiovascular disease (CVD), presents an opportunity to elucidate any associations between specific FAs and known CVD risk factors.
Nutritional enhancement of sheep meat fatty acid profile for human health and wellbeing; Dietary fatty acids (FA) consumed by sheep, like other ruminants, can undergo biohydrogenation resulting in high proportions of saturated FA (SFA) in meat. Biohydrogenation is typically less extensive in sheep than cattle, and consequently, sheep meat can contain higher proportions of omega (n) - 3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA), and PUFA biohydrogenation intermediates (PUFA-BHI) including conjugated linoleic acid (CIA) and trans-mono-unsaturated FM (t-MUFA). Sheep meat is also noted for having characteristically higher contents of branched chain FA (BCFA). From a human health and wellness perspective, some SFA and trans-MUFA have been found to negatively affect blood lipid profiles, and are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). On the other hand, n - 3 PUFA, BCFA and some PUFA-BHI may have many potential beneficial effects on human health and wellbeing. In particular, vaccenic acid (VA), rumenic acid (RA) and BCFA may have potential for protecting against cancer and inflammatory disorders among other human health benefits. Several innovative strategies have been evaluated for their potential to enrich sheep meat with FA which may have human health benefits. To this end, dietary manipulation has been found to be the most effective strategy of improving the FA profile of sheep meat. However, there is a missing link between the FA profile of sheep meat, human consumption patterns of sheep FA and chronic diseases. The current review provides an overview of the nutritional strategies used to enhance the FA profile of sheep meat for human consumption.
Replacing Saturated Fats with Unsaturated Fats from Walnuts or Vegetable Oils Lowers Atherogenic Lipoprotein Classes Without Increasing Lipoprotein(a); Background: Walnuts have established lipid-/lipoprotein-lowering properties; however, their effect on lipoprotein subclasses has not been investigated. Furthermore, the mechanisms by which walnuts improve lipid/lipoprotein concentrations are incompletely understood.
Relationships between plasma and erythrocyte fatty acids in the de novo lipogenesis pathway, and metabolic disorders in French elderly patients; Undernutrition has been identified as a major contributing factor to morbidity and mortality in hospitalized aged patients. The lipid calorie undernutrition may lead to de novo lipogenesis (DNL); among the endogenous fatty acids, 16: 1(n-9) and 18:1 (n-7) have been previously associated with a higher risk of sudden cardiac arrest (SCA). The aim was to examine possible associations between the fatty acids in the DNL pathway present in both plasma and erythrocytes of 188 patients aged 847 years (48 men and 140 women) entering the geriatric department for evaluation and rehabilitation, and their metabolic disorders. The 18:1(n-7) content in plasma cholesteryl esters (CE) was significantly higher in men (1.67 vs. 1.58% in women; P < 0.05). An inverse relationship was found between 18:1 (n-7) and the two precursors of essential fatty acids (EFA), that is linoleic acid [18:2 (n-6); LA] and alpha-linolenic acid [18:3 (n-3); ALA]. Moreover, an inverse relationship was found between 16: 1(n-9) and LA. Sixty-four percent of men suffered from dysglycemia versus 46% of women (P < 0.05). These patients were characterized by significantly higher content (+37%) of 16:1(n-7) which derives mostly from DNL. Prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) was 30-40%, associated with a higher level of 18:0, regardless of sex. Practical applications: Improving nutrition for the elderly patients is a key challenge for rehabilitation. The diet of our oldest old patients was low in total calories and low in fat; it might be partly responsible for the levels of fatty acids from DNL observed. Further study is needed to investigate whether it is possible to reduce both 18:1 (n-7) and 16: 1(n-9) levels. We propose to test the improvement of diet for our oldest old patients by increasing fat up to 70g/d which is the lower limit of the recommended amounts.
Steady-state bioavailability of prescription omega-3 on a low-fat diet is significantly improved with a free fatty acid formulation compared with an ethyl ester formulation: the ECLIPSE II study; The systemic bioavailability of free fatty acid (FFA) forms of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) compared with ethyl ester (EE) forms is dependent on the presence of intestinal lipases and is highest during consumption of high-fat meals. Given that patients with cardiovascular disease are advised to reduce dietary fat intake, potentially lowering the bioavailability and therapeutic benefit, the hypothesis that FFA forms provide for higher bioavailability compared with EE forms under low-fat diet conditions was tested where the pharmacokinetics of the FFA form (Epanova (TM)) were compared with those of an ethyl ester form (Lovaza (R)) following repeat dosing. Fifty-two healthy male and female subjects were equally allocated to one of two open-label, parallel-group cohorts. Following a Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet for a minimum of 7 days, blood samples were drawn for endogenous values for EPA and DHA over a 24-hour period. Subjects were then administered 4 x 1 g capsules of either Epanova (OM3 FFA) or Lovaza (OM3 EE) once daily for 14 days, following which serial blood samples were drawn over a 24-hour period to characterize the bioavailability of EPA and DHA from the respective formulations. In addition, changes from baseline in lipid profile were explored. Systemic bioavailability, as measured by area under the curve from time zero to 24 hours (AUC0-t) and the maximum measured plasma concentrations during the 0-24 hour dosing interval (C-max,C-ss) of unadjusted total plasma EPA + DHA were approximately 3-fold and 3.9-fold higher, respectively, for Epanova relative to Lovaza. Following baseline adjustment, the magnitude of difference in bioavailability was approximately 5.8-fold and 6.5-fold higher in AUC(0-t) and C-max,C-ss, respectively, for Epanova relative to Lovaza. Serum triglycerides were reduced by a significantly greater extent (P = 0.013) for Epanova relative to Lovaza (21% versus 8%). The bioavailability of the FFA forms of EPA and DHA in Epanova are significantly greater than the bioavailability from the EE forms present in Lovaza under low-fat dietary conditions normally recommended for patients with cardiovascular disease. This increased bioavailability may lead to improved triglyceride-lowering in patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Altered soluble epoxide hydrolase-derived oxylipins in patients with seasonal major depression: An exploratory study; Many cytochrome p450-derived lipids promote resolution of inflammation, in contrast to their soluble epoxide hydrolase(sEH)-derived oxylipin breakdown products. Here we compare plasma oxylipins and precursor fatty acids between seasons in participants with major depressive disorder with seasonal pattern (MDD-s). Euthymic participants with a history of MDD-s recruited in summer-fall were followed-up in winter. At both visits, a structured clinical interview (DSM-5 criteria) and the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II) were administered. Unesterified and total oxylipin pools were assayed by liquid chromatography tandem mass-spectrometry (LCMS/MS). Precursor fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography. In nine unmedicated participants euthymic at baseline who met depression criteria in winter, BDI-II scores increased from 4.9 +/- 4.4 to 19.9 +/- 7.7. Four sEH-derived oxylipins increased in winter compared to summer-fall with moderate to large effect sizes. An auto-oxidation product (unesterified epoxyketooctadecadienoic acid) and lipoxygenase-derived 13-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid also increased in winter. The cytochrome p450-derived 20-COOH-leukotriene B4 (unesterified) and total 14(15)-epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid, and the sEH-derived 14,15-dihydroxyeicostrienoic acid (unesterified), decreased in winter. We conclude that winter depression was associated with changes in cytochrome p450- and sEH-derived oxylipins, suggesting that seasonal shifts in omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acid metabolism mediated by sEH may underlie inflammatory states in symptomatic MDD-s.
DIETARY OMEGA-3 LIPIDS DELAY THE ONSET AND PROGRESSION OF AUTOIMMUNE LUPUS NEPHRITIS BY INHIBITING TRANSFORMING GROWTH-FACTOR-BETA MESSENGER-RNA AND PROTEIN EXPRESSION; The present study was carried out to test whether transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) plays a pathological role in the induction or progression of glomerulonephritis in a murine model of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and whether dietary supplementation with fish oil (FO) can modulate the expression of TGF beta. Weanling female (NZB x NZW) F-1 (BNCT) mice were divided into three groups. One group was fed an unmanipulated diet (lab. chow; LC) and the other two groups were fed a nutritionally adequate semipurified diet supplemented with 10% CO or FO. Bath water and food were provided ad libitum. Proteinuria and serum anti-dsDNA antibody levels were measured to assess disease progression. Mice were killed at 3.5 and 6.5 months of age and renal mRNA levels for TGF beta isoforms, fibronectin-1 (FN-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) were studied by Northern blot analysis. TGF beta 1 protein levels were also examined in kidneys by Western blot analysis. Our results indicate that at 3.5 months of age, when urinary protein levels were undetectable and very low levels of anti-dsDNA were detected, no mRNA signal could be detected for TGF beta isoforms, ICAM-1 and FN-1 in either dietary group. However, at 6.5 months, the FO-fed mice, compared to LC and CO, had [1] greatly reduced proteinuria (LC: 2-3+, CO: 2-3+; FO: trace -1+) and serum anti-dsDNA antibodies; [2] improved survival (GO: 100%) death (15/15) occurred by 8 months; FO: 50% were alive at 12 months (8/15) and [3] reduced renal TGF beta 1 mRNA and protein levels. TGF beta 2 and beta 3 were not significantly affected by FO diet. Similarly, lower levels of renal FN-1 and ICAM-1 mRNA were observed in FO fed mice. These data indicate that in B/W mice on a FO diet, prolonged survival and amelioration of renal disease may be attributed at least in part to lower levels of TGF beta 1 mRNA and protein in the kidneys.
Serum Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Mercury, and Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death in Men: A Prospective Population-Based Study; Objectives: Fish consumption has been associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), especially sudden cardiac death (SCD). Fish is the major source of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. It is also a major source of methylmercury, which was associated with increased risk of CVD in this study population. Impact of interaction between long-chain n-3 PUFA and methylmercury on the SCD risk is unknown.
Fish oil administration in older adults: is there potential for adverse events? A systematic review of the literature; Background: Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid supplementation is becoming increasingly popular. However given its antithrombotic properties the potential for severe adverse events (SAE) such as bleeding has safety implications, particularly in an older adult population. A systematic review of randomized control trials (RCT) was conducted to explore the potential for SAE and non-severe adverse events (non-SAE) associated with n-3 supplementation in older adults.
Epidemiological analysis of health situation development in Europe and its causes until 1990; The enormous health gap between the 'new' (eastern) and 'old' (western) parts of the EU has evolved over many decades. The epidemiological transition - that is the decrease in the relative importance of infant and early child mortality and the shift in the composition of mortality risks from communicable to non-communicable diseases - which started in the western part of the region at the beginning of the 20th century, was substantially delayed in most of eastern Europe. However, after the World War II, health improvement in the east initially out-paced the west, such that, by the mid-1960s, only 1-2 years separated the average life expectancy for both sexes between the east and west. This convergence was short-lived and it reversed dramatically between the mid 1960s and 1990. During this period, adult health status in the east stagnated or deteriorated, whereas in the west it improved steadily: by 1990, life expectancy at the age of 20 years was more than five years shorter in the east for men, and more than four years shorter for women. The biggest contributors to the health gap were cardiovascular diseases and injuries. A substantial fraction of the gap can, with confidence, be attributed to the higher volume and more irregular pattern of alcohol consumption in the east, and to the delayed onset of the tobacco smoking epidemics. Much of the remainder of the gap is likely to be attributable to the composition of the diet, but the contribution of different dietary factors cannot be estimated with confidence. Leading candidates are a high consumption of saturated animal fats, a low consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables (especially in winter and spring), a very low consumption of fats supplying omega 3 fatty acids - both vegetable oils and fish oils rich in alpha-linolenic acid - and a high consumption of salt. Behaviours unfavourable to health did not change in the east, as they did in the west in response to the credible dissemination of scientific findings linking disease and injury risks both to individual behaviours and to the social and economic circumstances that fostered those behaviours. The eastern countries failed to equip themselves with the science and with the forms of social organisation that were needed to effectively counter epidemics of chronic disease and injury. The poor health-related behavioural determinants resulted from the institutional infrastructures based on an authoritarian, conservative and medicalised model of health, which inhibited modern approaches to social problems, an almost exclusive focus of epidemiology on communicable as opposed to non-communicable diseases, a lack of understanding and access to modern epidemiology and public health, a lack of understanding and access to evidence-based medicine, and a lack of public health education and health promotion.
Icosapent Ethyl (Vascepa®) for the Treatment of Acute, Severe Pancreatitis; Acute pancreatitis is the most common gastrointestinal pathology that warrants hospital admission, with an estimated incidence of 13-45/100,000 annually in the US. The overall mortality is low but is significantly increased in 15-25% of patients that develop severe disease, likely secondary to an increase in inflammation and an exaggerated response, sometimes referred to as a cytokine storm. Management is largely supportive, and no specific cure exists to hasten recovery.
Meta-analyses of dietary fats and mammary neoplasms in rodent experiments; We review two meta-analyses of experiments on dietary fat and mammary tumor incidence in rodents, emphasizing a recent meta-analysis on the effects of different types of dietary fatty acids. This analysis shows that n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids most strongly enhance mammary tumors in rodents, and saturated fats also enhance these tumors but less strongly. Further, the analysis shows that energy restriction protects against mammary tumors. We show that these results agree qualitatively with estimates of effects on human breast cancer derived from international correlations.
Accumulation of Dietary Docosahexaenoic Acid in the Brain Attenuates Acute Immune Response and Development of Postischemic Neuronal Damage; Background and Purpose-Consumption of fish has been shown to reduce risk of coronary heart disease and, possibly, of ischemic stroke. Because docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the most likely neuroactive component within fish oil, we hypothesized that exposing mice to a DHA-enriched diet may reduce inflammation and protect neurons against ischemic injury.
Hypertriglyceridemia - why, when and how should it be treated?; The relationship between serum triglyceride levels and cardiovascular disease has remained enigmatic despite four decades of research. The majority of the available evidence tends to support the role of hypertriglyceridemia as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, there are no guidelines recommending a target triglyceride level for prevention of cardiovascular disease. The focus of lipid lowering therapy still remains the reduction of global cardiovascular risk by optimizing LDL cholesterol levels. Therapeutic options for triglyceride-lowering include lifestyle modification and pharmacological agents, such as fibrates, omega 3 fatty acids and niacin. Post-hoc analyses of the Helsinki Heart Study, Veterans Affairs High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Intervention Trial and Bezafibrate Infarction Prevention Study suggest a beneficial effect of the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia with fibrates, mainly in obese subjects with insulin resistance. However, in order to establish the actual clinical relevance of lowering triglyceride levels, prospective trials need to be conducted with the specific purpose of studying the effects of triglyceride reduction on clinical end points, i.e. coronary events and stroke.
Association of Serum Fatty Acids at Admission with the Age of Onset of Intracerebral Hemorrhage; Dietary triglycerides influence the serum concentrations of fatty acids (FA) and their weight percentages (wt%), which might be associated with the age of onset of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH). We investigated the correlation between serum FA levels and proportions at admission, and the age at onset of ICH. We included patients admitted between 2016 and 2019 within 24 h of the onset of ICH, and calculated the correlation coefficients between their age, serum FA concentration, and FA wt%. We performed multiple linear regression analysis to identify individual FAs related to the age at onset of ICH. Furthermore, we estimated the threshold values of FAs that were independently associated with the age at onset of ICH <65 years, using receiver operating characteristic curves by logistic regression. Our inclusion criteria were met by 141 patients (mean age, 67 years). The concentration of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and the wt% of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were significant independent variables for the age at onset of ICH. The ROC curves for the age of onset <65 years were >= 108.6 mu mol/L for DGLA and <= 1.7% for EPA. Increased DGLA concentration and decreased EPA wt% were significantly associated with young-onset ICH.
Diet in rheumatic disease; The goals of dietary therapy in rheumatic diseases are alleviation of under- and malnutrition, inhibition of inflammation, prophylaxis of osteoporosis, as well as recognition and treatment of nutrient sensitivities or intolerances.
Supplementation with α-Lipoic Acid Alone or in Combination with Eicosapentaenoic Acid Modulates the Inflammatory Status of Healthy Overweight or Obese Women Consuming an Energy-Restricted Diet; Background: The proinflammatory state induced by obesity plays an important role in obesity-related metabolic complications.
Monoraphidium sp. HDMA-20 is a new potential source of -linolenic acid and eicosatetraenoic acid; Background-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are synthesized from -Linolenic acid (ALA, C18:33) and play important roles in anti-inflammatory and antioxidant responses in mammal cells. ALA is an essential fatty acid which cannot be produced within the human body and must be acquired through diet. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential of a novel microalgal strain (HDMA-20) as a source of -3 PUFAs including ALA and eicosatetraenoic acid (ETA, C20:43).MethodPhylogenetic Neighbor-Joining analysis based on 18S ribosomal DNA sequence was used to identify the microalga strain HDMA-20. Autotrophic condition was chosen to cultivate HDMA-20 to reduce the cultivation cost. GC-MS was used to determine the fatty acid composition of HDMA-20 lipid.ResultsA microalgal strain (HDMA-20) from Lake Chengfeng (Daqing, Heilongjiang province, China) was found to accumulate high content of -3 PUFAs (63.4% of total lipid), with ALA and eicosatetraenoic acid (ETA, C20:43) accounting for 35.4 and 9.6% of total lipid, respectively. Phylogenetic analysis based on 18S ribosomal DNA sequences suggested that the HDMA-20 belonged to genus Monoraphidium (Selenastraceae, Sphaeropleales) and its 18S rDNA sequence information turned out to be new molecular record of Monoraphidium species. The biomass productivity and lipid content of HDMA-20 were also investigated under autotrophic condition. The biomass productivity of HDMA-20 reached 36.3mgL(-1)day(-1), and the lipid contents was 22.6% of dry weight.ConclusionHDMA-20 not only represent an additional source of ALA, but also a totally new source of ETA. The high content of -3 PUFAs, especially ALA, of HDMA-20, makes it suitable as a source of nutrition supplements for human health. In addition, HDMA-20 exhibited good properties in growth and lipid accumulation, implying its potential for cost-effective -3 PUFAs production in future.
Reduced n-3 long chain fatty acid levels in feed for Atlantic salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i> L.) do not reduce growth, robustness or product quality through an entire full scale commercial production cycle in seawater; As fish oil is an increasingly limited input-factor, content of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) is being gradually reduced in feeds for farmed salmon, and consequences for fish health and fillet quality need to be addressed. In the present study, Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) were fed two levels of EPA and DHA through the seawater rearing period from six weeks after smolt transfer (similar to 150 g) until harvest (similar to 5000 g). The trial was conducted under commercial production conditions, with triplicate net pens used for each diet group. The control (standard) diet contained 8% EPA + DHA of total fatty acids (FAs, 26 g kg(-1) feed), while the lown-3 diet contained 6% EPA + DHA of FAs until 1200 g body weight and 4.5% in following feeds, averaging out to 5% of FAs (16 g kg(-1) feed) during the entire production cycle. Growth performance and measured health parameters including cataract, liver lipid accumulation and vaccine side-effects did not differ significantly between the two diet groups. Through the production period, the fish faced stressful and challenging conditions such as five treatments against sea lice (one oral and four bath treatments), as well as an outbreak of pancreas disease and considerable mortality from gill infections. Despite this, mortality did not differ significantly between the diet groups, indicating that fish fed low dietary n-3 FAs were equally robust as fish fed the standard diet. Quality classification at slaughter did not reveal any diet effects, and neither did sensory evaluation of the fish fillets. As expected, the fillet FA profile differed, with 5.4% EPA + DHA of total FA (0.9 g 100 g(-1)) in the fillet of fish fed the lown-3 diet and 7.5% (1.3 g 100 g(-1)) in fish fed the standard diet. The fish fed low EPA + DHA showed a higher frequency of fillet melanin spots, 28.2%, compared to 21.5% in the salmon fed the standard diet, possibly related to dietary FA composition affecting inflammatory processes.
COMPOSITION OF PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACIDS IN RED-BLOOD-CELL MEMBRANES OF PATIENTS IN INTENSIVE-CARE UNITS - EFFECTS OF DIFFERENT INTAKES OF SOYBEAN OIL, MEDIUM-CHAIN TRIGLYCERIDES, AND BLACK-CURRANT SEED OIL; Fatty acid composition of phospholipids in red blood cell membranes was studied in 32 severely head-injured or cerebral stroke patients receiving enteral nutrition for 3 weeks. During this study the effects of three diets differing only by their lipid composition were investigated. The daily energy intake of each patient amounted to 2950 kilocalories, of which the lipid fraction represented 45.7%. Diet A contained only soybean oil, diet B consisted of a 50% soybean oil and 50% medium-chain triglycerides mixture, and diet C was an emulsion of 50% soybean oil, 42.5% medium-chain triglycerides, and 7.5% black-currant seed oil. Our results showed no biochemical signs of fatty acid deficiency in red blood cell membranes for the patients at the beginning of the study, after a comparison with a control group of 20 healthy adults. Inhibition of DELTA-6-desaturase activity on linoleic acid (C18:3-omega-6) after diet A was suggested by an increase of linoleic acid without a corresponding increase of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (C20:3-omega-6). Replacing 50% of soybean oil by with medium-chain triglycerides (diet B) prevented this enzyme inhibition. Supply of black-currant seed oil rich in gamma-linolenic (C18:3-omega-6) and stearidonic (C18:4-omega-3) acids (diet C) induced significant increases of dihomo-gamma-linolenic and eicosapentaenoic (C20:5-omega-3) acids, without influencing arachidonic acid (C20:4-omega-6) levels. This balance was evaluated through the ratio (C20:3-omega-6 + C20:5-omega-3)/C20:4-omega-6.
Nutrition as a Vehicle for Cardiovascular Translational Research; It is becoming increasingly evident that poor nutrition plays an important role in inducing cardiovascular disease. Just as importantly, data now support the contention that appropriate nutritional interventions may have just as important an effect in preventing or delaying the appearance of cardiovascular disease. If this is indeed true, then it is critical that these advances in our knowledge of the effects of nutritional interventions be translated into effective strategies to combat cardiovascular disease. It is argued in this paper, with a few specific examples, that the translation of nutritional interventions can provide powerful approaches to alleviating the clinical challenges currently facing us today in the cardiovascular field. Furthermore, the value-added economic advantages of translating nutritional strategies on a wide scale into the public become another intriguing argument to further support investigations in this growing field.
Habitual fish consumption and risk of incident stroke: the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-Norfolk prospective population study; Objectives: To examine the association between fish consumption and stroke risk.
Effect of dietary <i>Rhodobacter capsulatus</i> on cholesterol, triglycerides concentration, and meat quality of finishing pigs; The study was designed to investigate the effect of Rhodobacter capsulatus on serum and meat cholesterol, fatty acid composition in meat, as well as meat quality of finishing pigs. A total of 16 120-day-old Landrace female pigs of about 60 kg initial body weight were randomly assigned into two groups. The pigs were fed a supplemented diet with 0.04% dietary R. capsulatus or a control diet for 60 days. Total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration in serum was significantly lowered (P < 0.05) in the pigs fed the R. capsulatus supplemented diet compared to the control diet. Carcass weight, carcass length, shoulder fat, back fat and loin fat thickness, longissimus muscle (LM) area, and color score did not differ significantly between the pigs fed the R. capsulatus supplemented diet and control diet. Among the nutrient composition of LM meat, neutral fat and triglyceride concentration were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the finishing pigs by dietary supplementation of R. capsulatus. The proportions of n-6 PUFA were higher (P < 0.05) in the pigs fed the R. capsulatus supplemented diet than in the pigs fed the control diet. The supplementation of dietary R. capsulatus to finishing pig diet played important roles in reducing serum cholesterol and meat triglycericles, as well as in increasing polyunsaturated fatty acid content in LM meat.
Diet and disease - The Israeli paradox: Possible dangers of a high omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid diet; Israel has one of the highest dietary polyunsaturated/saturated fat ratios in the world; the consumption of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is about 8% higher than in the USA, and 10-12% higher than in most European countries. In fact, Israeli Jews may be regarded as a population-based dietary experiment of the effect of a high omega-6 PUFA diet, a diet that until recently was widely recommended. Despite such national habits, there is paradoxically a high prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity - all diseases that are associated with hyperinsulinemia (HI) and insulin resistance (IR), and grouped together as the insulin resistance syndrome or syndrome X. There is also an increased cancer incidence and mortality rate, especially in women, compared with western countries. Studies suggest that high omega-6 linoleic acid consumption might aggravate HI and IR, in addition to being a substrate for lipid peroxidation and free radical formation. Thus, rather than being beneficial, high omega-6 PUFA diets may have some long-term side effects, within the cluster of hyperinsulinemia, atherosclerosis and tumorigenesis.
Transcriptome profile and differentially expressed genes analysis in winter wheat under cold stress conditions; Winter wheat can regrow surviving the cold winter in extremely cold areas and this type of cold resistance is a very attractive quality. Very little is known regarding the molecular mechanism of cold resistance in winter wheat, particularly the identity of the cold resistance genes. In this study, RNA was extracted from the crown of winter wheat varieties with different cold resistances subjected to various low-temperature treatments. Using the Solexa/Illumina sequencing platform, 60 million sequencing reads were obtained and these reads were assembled into 80,704 unigenes. Based on the method of known protein similarity search, we acquired 51,929 sequences that were consistent with the standard E-value cut-off of 10(-5). Additionally, 22,724 sequences were annotated by gene ontology (GO) term, 31,964 sequences were annotated by Swiss-Prot, 18,764 sequences were clustered into 43 types by Clusters of Orthologous Groups classifications (COG) and 29,553 sequences are assigned to 125 pathways by the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathways (KEGG).
Platelet phospholipid <i>n</i>-3 PUFA negatively associated with plasma homocysteine in middle-aged and geriatric hyperlipaemia patients; Studies showed that increased dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has a cardiovascular beneficial effect. Increased plasma phospholipid (PL) docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) is associated with decreased plasma homocysteine (Hcy). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between platelet PL fatty acid and plasma Hcy in middle-aged and geriatric hyperlipaemia patients (50 males, 31 females) and 65 healthy subjects (43 males, 22 females) in Hangzhou, China. Plasma Hey demonstrated significant positive correlation with adrenic acid (22:4n-6) (r = 0.188, P = 0.018) and negative correlation with 22:6n-3 (r = -0.277, P = 0.001) and the ratio of n-31n-6 (r = -0.231, P = 0.003) in sex-, age- and BMI-controlled partial correlation analysis. The present results suggest that increased ratio of n-31n-6 PUFA in platelet PL is associated with decreased thrombotic risks such as plasma Hcy in middle-aged and geriatric hyperlipaemia patients in Hangzhou. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolomic Profiles of Plasma Retinol-Associated Dyslipidemia in Men and Women; Background and Aims: Studies of both animals and humans show that a high intake of vitamin A is associated with a lower risk of dyslipidemia. However, an association of plasma retinol levels with dyslipidemia is unclear. Therefore, the aim of this study is to investigate an association between plasma retinol and dyslipidemia and to identify related metabolites and pathways in the general population.Methods: We included 250 participants aged 20-80 years from the Wellness Living Laboratory (WELL) China cohort. Associations between plasma retinol levels and dyslipidemia were analyzed using adjusted logistic models. Related metabolites were identified using ANCOVA, adjusted for the false discovery rate (FDR) and used for pathway analyses. Because there are sex differences in plasma retinol levels, all analyses were conducted separately by sex.Results: Plasma retinol was significantly higher in men than in women. A positive association between plasma retinol and dyslipidemia was found in both sexes. In men, the 2nd and 3rd tertiles showed significantly higher proportions of dyslipidemia than the 1st tertile (1st tertile vs. 2nd tertile: p = 0.026; 1st tertile vs. 3rd tertile: p = 0.003). In women, the 3rd tertile showed a significantly higher proportion of dyslipidemia than the 1st and 2nd tertile (3rd tertile vs. 1st tertile: p = 0.002, 3rd tertile vs. 2nd tertile: p = 0.002). Overall, 75 and 30 metabolites were significantly associated with retinol levels in men and women, respectively. According to these metabolites, lipid metabolic pathways, including glycerophospholipid, arachidonic acid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI), as well as steroid hormone biosynthesis pathways were found to overlap across the sexes. These pathways showed that elevated retinol levels might be associated with hormone metabolism and inflammation status.Conclusions: We found a positive association between plasma retinol levels and dyslipidemia. Related metabolomic profiles and interrupted pathways showed that such an increase might be associated with steroid hormone synthesis and inflammation. In addition, large, population-based longitudinal studies and intervention studies are needed to confirm the role of retinol in lipid metabolism and the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Association of Fish Consumption-Derived Ratio of Serum n-3 to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Risk With the Prevalence of Coronary Artery Disease; We investigated the relationships between the ratio of serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFAs: eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) to n-6PUFA (arachidonic acid [AA]) and the prevalence of coronary artery disease (CAD), and assessed the association of the ratio of serum n-3 to n-6 PUFAs with atherosclerosis-related markers.
A new relationship between total/high density lipoprotein cholesterol and polyunsaturated fatty acids; Dietary and plasma fatty acids have been linked to total cholesterol but not to the ratio of total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC/HDLC). To evaluate the relationship between dietary and plasma levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and TC/HDLC, we analyzed cross-sectional and longitudinal data using 519 plasma samples (50% men, 50% women) from subjects participating in the Framingham Heart Study and results from a study feeding diets rich in either n-6 linoleic acid or n-3 alpha-linolenic acid with or without fish oil supplements (n-3 derivatives). Values of TC/HDLC are inversely related to the percent of plasma PUFA when both variables are measured at the same time in different subjects, R = 0.82, P < 0.000001. PUFA in phospholipids increase in response to increased dietary intake of different PUFA, either n-3 or n-6 or fish oils. There was a highly significant inverse relationship between TC/HDLC and the percent of PUFA in phospholipids, R = 0.97, P < 0.001. The relationship was similar regardless of the source and type of dietary fatty acids. A similar relationship existed when only the baseline points were considered. When plasma PUFA % increases, either in response to a diet high in PUFA or across different subjects, TC/HDLC ratios decline. Evaluation of plasma fatty acid profiles and increased balanced dietary intake of PUFA to bring fatty acid profiles of subjects with low PUFA plasma levels closer to the profile of a healthy reference group is an effective approach to reduce high TC/HDLC. Reductions of more than 50% in TC/HDLC appear feasible with dietary modification alone. Further research into fatty acid metabolic activity may determine the biochemical basis of common dyslipidemias.
Beneficial Effects of Intravenously Administered N-3 Fatty Acids for the Prevention of Atrial Fibrillation after Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery: A Prospective Randomized Study; Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common complication after coronary artery bypass grafting operation (CABG). Experimental data have shown antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on myocardial cells. Orally administered PUFA could significantly reduce the rate of postoperative AF. We assessed the efficacy of PUFA for the prevention of AF after CABG. PUFA were given intravenously to prevent variation in bioavailability.
Omega n-3 Supplementation: Exploring the Cardiovascular Benefits Beyond Lipoprotein Reduction; Purpose of Review Hypertriglyceridaemia is a highly prevalent disorder worldwide. Genetic and Mendelian randomization studies have suggested that triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins are causal risk factors for coronary heart disease and contribute to the residual cardiovascular risk observed in patients optimally treated with statins. However, clinical trials failed to show cardiovascular benefits of TG-lowering; in this context, trials with omega-3 fatty acids provided contrasting results. Few trials have tested the supplementation of EPA alone rather than the combination of EPA + DHA. The JELIS study showed that EPA 1.8 g/day significantly reduced CV events in hypercholesterolaemic patients given statins, an effect that was independent on lipid reduction. Recent Findings The REDUCE-IT trial showed that high-dose (4 g/day) EPA significantly reduces the incidence of major cardiovascular events compared with placebo in patients with elevated TG levels. The clinical benefit was higher than expected by the reduction of TG-rich lipoprotein levels. Recent data support the efficacy of high-dose EPA supplementation on a background of optimal LDL-C-lowering therapy as a key approach to achieve a further and significant reduction of CV events in very-high CV risk patients with persistent hypertriglyceridaemia. The effect on lipids does not appear to fully explain the CV benefit, and additional mechanisms of action of EPA likely contribute to the cardiovascular protection, including the reduction of inflammation and platelet aggregation. Current guidelines recommend using high-dose EPA in combination with a statin in high/very-high CV risk patients with mild-to-moderate elevation of plasma TG to reduce the residual CV risk.
Time-dependent metabolomics study of cerebral ischemia-reperfusion and its treatment: focus on the combination of traditional Chinese medicine and Western medicine; Cerebral ischemia is a common cerebrovascular disease with high mortality, and thrombolysis can cause more severe reperfusion injury. In clinical practice,Ginkgo bilobadispersible tablets combined with nimodipine have been widely used to reduce cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury, but the mechanism has not been clearly elucidated. To explore this relationship, the change in metabolism between a sham operation group, a model group and an administration group was analyzed for the period after cerebral ischemia. Biochemical assays were used to assess injury extent and the therapeutic effects of different dosing regimens. A metabolomics method based on ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry was developed to screen biomarkers in plasma of rats and analyze abnormal metabolic pathways. Using statistical analysis, corticosterone, glutamine, oleic acid, isoleucine, phenylalanine and sphingomyelin (d18:1/16:0) were screened as diagnostic biomarkers. The metabolic pathways perturbed by cerebral ischemia-reperfusion involved phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis, phenylalanine metabolism, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, retinol metabolism, alanine, aspartate and glutamate metabolism, and glycerophospholipid metabolism. Analysis of the adjustment of biomarkers at different time points showed that the best time to evaluate the efficacy of combined administration is about 6 h after administration. Both pathological characteristics and metabolomics confirmed the better effect of the combined group than the individual groups. In this study, a non-targeted metabolomics method was developed to explore the mechanism of action of the combination of traditional Chinese and Western medicine in cerebral ischemia-reperfusion treatment, providing a theoretical basis for disease prognosis and treatment options.
Depletion of Brain Docosahexaenoic Acid Impairs Recovery from Traumatic Brain Injury; Omega-3 fatty acids are crucial for proper development and function of the brain where docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the primary omega-3 fatty acid in the brain, is retained avidly by the neuronal membranes. We investigated the effect of DHA depletion in the brain on the outcome of traumatic brain injury (TBI). Pregnant mice were put on an omega-3 fatty acid adequate or deficient diet from gestation day 14 and the pups were raised on the respective diets. Continuation of this dietary regime for three generations resulted in approximately 70% loss of DHA in the brain. Controlled cortical impact was delivered to both groups of mice to produce severe TBI and the functional recovery was compared. Compared to the omega-3 adequate mice, the DHA depleted mice exhibited significantly slower recovery from motor deficits evaluated by the rotarod and the beam walk tests. Furthermore, the DHA deficient mice showed greater anxiety-like behavior tested in the open field test as well as cognitive deficits evaluated by the novel object recognition test. The level of alpha spectrin II breakdown products, the markers of TBI, was significantly elevated in the deficient mouse cortices, indicating that the injury is greater in the deficient brains. This observation was further supported by the reduction of NeuN positive cells around the site of injury in the deficient mice, indicating exacerbated neuronal death after injury. These results suggest an important influence of the brain DHA status on TBI outcome.
Uncommon Fatty Acids and Cardiometabolic Health; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a major cause of mortality. The effects of several unsaturated fatty acids on cardiometabolic health, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), linolenic acid (ALA), linoleic acid (LA), and oleic acid (OA) have received much attention in past years. In addition, results from recent studies revealed that several other uncommon fatty acids (fatty acids present at a low content or else not contained in usual foods), such as furan fatty acids, n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and conjugated fatty acids, also have favorable effects on cardiometabolic health. In the present report, we searched the literature in PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library to review the research progress on anti-CVD effect of these uncommon fatty acids. DPA has a favorable effect on cardiometabolic health in a different way to other long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs), such as EPA and DHA. Furan fatty acids and conjugated linolenic acid (CLNA) may be potential bioactive fatty acids beneficial for cardiometabolic health, but evidence from intervention studies in humans is still limited, and well-designed clinical trials are required. The favorable effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on cardiometabolic health observed in animal or in vitro cannot be replicated in humans. However, most intervention studies in humans concerning CLA have only evaluated its effect on cardiometabolic risk factors but not its direct effect on risk of CVD, and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) will be required to clarify this point. However, several difficulties and limitations exist for conducting RCTs to evaluate the effect of these fatty acids on cardiometabolic health, especially the high costs for purifying the fatty acids from natural sources. This review provides a basis for better nutritional prevention and therapy of CVD.
Effects of margarine compared with those of butter on blood lipid profiles related to cardiovascular disease risk factors in normolipemic adults fed controlled diets; Effects of butter and 2 types of margarine on blood lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were compared in a controlled diet study with 23 men and 23 women. Table spreads, added to a common basal diet, provided 8.3% of energy as fat. Diets averaged 34.6% of energy as fat and 15.5% as protein. Each diet was fed for 5 wk in a 3 X 3 Latin-square design. One margarine (TFA-M) approximated the average trans monoene content of trans fatty acid-containing margarines in the United States (17% trans fatty acids by dry wt). The other margarine (PUFA-M) was free of ti ans unsaturated fatty acids; it contained approximately twice the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of TFA-M (49% compared with 27% polyunsaturated fatty acids). The tub-type margarines had similar physical properties at ambient temperature. Fasting blood lipids and lipoproteins were determined in 2 samples taken from the subjects during the fifth week of each dietary treatment. Compared with butter, total cholesterol was 3.5% lower (P = 0.009) after consumption of TFA-M and 5.4% lower (P < 0.001) after consumption of PUFA-M. Similarly, LDL cholesterol was 4.9% lower (P = 0.005) and 6.7% lower (Pi 0.001) after consumption of TFA-M and PUFA-M, respectively. Neither margarine differed from butter in its effect on HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerols. Thus, consumption of TFA-M or PUFA-M improved blood lipid profiles for the major lipoproteins associated with cardiovascular risk when compared with butter, with a greater improvement with PUFA-M than with TFA-M.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in human milk - An essential role in infant development; The n-6 and n-3 fatty acids are essential dietary nutrients required for optimal growth and development, particularly of the brain and retina. Large amounts of the n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is accumulated in the brain grey matter and the visual elements of the retina during development, and reduced DHA in these tissues can result in decreased visual and psychomotor development. Although the possible importance of differences in n-6 and n-3 fatty acids, particularly DHA, between human milk and infant formulas has been the subject of intense clinical research, the variability in the essential fatty acid content of milk within and among different populations of women and implications of this to infant growth and development have received much less attention. Considerable research has shown that the DHA content of the maternal diet is the most important determinant of the amount of DHA secreted in milk, and thus the dietary intake of the breastfed infant. The DHA content of human milk varies over 10-fold, being lowest in women with no intake of DHA and highest in women with high intakes of DHA, which is found predominantly in fatty fish. The requirement for n-3 fatty acids, and the balance of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids for optimal growth and development of the brain and retina, and long-term minimization of risk of chronic disease remains as one of the most important questions in infant nutrition. Dietary recommendations to modifying dietary fat with the aim of reducing risk of chronic disease, including obesity and cardiovascular disease in adults, need to consider that when followed by pregnant women, these recommendations can have a marked effect on the amount and balance of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids secreted in milk.
Choice of Lipid Emulsion Determines Inflammation of the Gut-Liver Axis, Incretin Profile, and Insulin Signaling in a Murine Model of Total Parenteral Nutrition; Scope The aim of this study is to test whether the choice of the lipid emulsion in total parenteral nutrition (TPN), that is, n-3 fatty acid-based Omegaven versus n-6 fatty acid-based Intralipid, determines inflammation in the liver, the incretin profile, and insulin resistance. Methods and results Jugular vein catheters (JVC) are placed in C57BL/6 mice and used for TPN for 7 days. Mice are randomized into a saline group (saline infusion with oral chow), an Intralipid group (IL-TPN, no chow), an Omegaven group (OV-TPN, no chow), or a chow only group (without JVC). Both TPN elicite higher abundance of lipopolysaccharide binding protein in the liver, but only IL-TPN increases interleukin-6 and interferon-gamma, while OV-TPN reduces interleukin-4, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and interleukin-1 alpha. Insulin plasma concentrations are higher in both TPN, while glucagon and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) were higher in IL-TPN. Gluconeogenesis is increased in IL-TPN and the nuclear profile of key metabolic transcription factors shows a liver-protective phenotype in OV-TPN. OV-TPN increases insulin sensitivity in the liver and skeletal muscle. Conclusion OV-TPN as opposed to IL-TPN mitigates inflammation in the liver and reduces the negative metabolic effects of hyperinsulinemia and hyperglucagonemia by "re-sensitizing" the liver and skeletal muscle to insulin.
Effects of atorvastatin and n-3 fatty acid supplementation on VLDL apolipoprotein C-III kinetics in men with abdominal obesity; Background: Disturbed apolipoprotein (apo) C-III metabolism in obese subjects may account for hypertriglyceridemia and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Atorvastatin and fish oils decrease plasma triglycerides and VLDL concentrations, but the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood.
Creating the Future of Evidence-Based Nutrition Recommendations: Case Studies from Lipid Research; Strategic translational research is designed to address research gaps that answer specific guidance questions. It provides translational value with respect to nutrition guidance and regulatory and public policy. The relevance and the quality of evidence both matter in translational research. For example, design decisions regarding population, intervention, comparator, and outcome criteria affect whether or not high-quality studies are considered relevant to specific guidance questions and are therefore included as evidence within the context of systematic review frameworks used by authoritative food and health organizations. The process used in systematic reviews, developed by the USDA for its Nutrition Evidence Library, is described. An eating pattern and cardiovascular disease (CVD) evidence review is provided as an example, and factors that differentiated the studies considered relevant and included in that evidence base from those that were excluded are noted. Case studies on omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) and industrial trans-FAs illustrate key factors vital to relevance and translational impact, including choice of a relevant population (e.g., healthy, at risk, or diseased subjects; general population or high-performance soldiers); dose and form of the intervention (e.g., food or supplement); use of relevant comparators (e.g., technically feasible and realistic); and measures for both exposure and outcomes (e.g., inflammatory markers or CVD endpoints). Specific recommendations are provided to help increase the impact of nutrition research on future dietary guidance, policy, and regulatory issues, particularly in the area of lipids.
Fish oil treatment for kidney transplant recipients: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background. Calcineurin inhibitors have adverse effects that contribute to nephrotoxicity and cardiovascular risk profile, and these may be reduced by administration of fish oil. The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of fish oil supplementation in kidney transplant recipients on a calcineurin inhibitor-based immunosuppressive regimen.
Treating inflammation and infection in the 21st century: new hints from decoding resolution mediators and mechanisms; Practitionersof ancient societies from the time of Hippocrates and earlier recognizedand treatedthe signs of inflammation, heat, redness, swelling, and pain with agents that block or inhibit proinflammatory chemical mediators. More selective drugs are available today, but this therapeutic concept has not changed. Because the acute inflammatory response is host protective to contain foreign invaders, much of today's pharmacopeia can cause serious unwanted side effects, such as immune suppression. Uncontrolled inflammation is now considered pathophysiologic and is associated with many widely occurring diseases such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, obesity, and asthma, as well as classic inflammatory diseases (e. g., arthritis and periodontal diseases). The inflammatory response, when self-limited, produces a superfamily of chemical mediators that stimulate resolution of the response. Specialized proresolvingmediators (SPMs), identified in recent years, are endogenous mediators that include the n-3-derived families resolvins, protectins, and maresins, as well as arachidonic acid-derived (n-6) lipoxins, which promote resolution of inflammation, clearance of microbes, reduction of pain, and promotion of tissue regeneration via novel mechanisms. Aspirin and statins have a positive impact on these resolution pathways, producing epimeric forms of specific SPMs, whereas other drugs can disrupt timely resolution. In this article, evidence fromrecent human and preclinical animal studies is reviewed, indicating that SPMs are physiologic mediators and pharmacologic agonists that stimulate resolution of inflammation and infection. The findings suggest that it is time to challenge current treatment practices-namely, using inhibitors and antagonists alone-and to develop immunoresolvents as agonists to test resolution pharmacology and their role in catabasis for their therapeutic potential.-Serhan, C. N. Treatinginflammationandinfectioninthe 21st century: new hints from decoding resolution mediators and mechanisms. =
Inflammation, obesity, and fatty acid metabolism:: influence of <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on factors contributing to metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) comprises an array of metabolic risk factors including abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and glucose intolerance. Individuals with MetS are at elevated risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Central to the etiology of MetS is an interrelated triad comprising inflammation, abdominal obesity, and aberrations in fatty acid metabolism, coupled with the more recently recognized changes in metabolism during the postprandial period. We review herein preliminary evidence regarding the role of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in modulating each of the components of the triad of adiposity, inflammation, and fatty acid metabolism, with particular attention to the role of the postprandial period as a contributor to the pathophysiology of MetS.
PUFA-Induced Metabolic Enteritis as a Fuel for Crohn's Disease; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Crohn's disease (CD) globally emerges with Westernization of lifestyle and nutritional habits. However, a specific dietary constituent that comprehensively evokes gut inflammation in human inflammatory bowel diseases remains elusive. We aimed to delineate how increased intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in a Western diet, known to impart risk for developing CD, affects gut inflammation and disease course. We hypothesized that the unfolded protein response and antioxidative activity of glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4), which are compromised in human CD epithelium, compensates for metabolic perturbation evoked by dietary PUFAs. METHODS: We phenotyped and mechanistically dissected enteritis evoked by a PUFA-enriched Western diet in 2 mouse models exhibiting endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress consequent to intestinal epithelial cell (IEC)-specific deletion of X-box binding protein 1 (Xbp1) or Gpx4. We translated the findings to human CD epithelial organoids and correlated PUFA intake, as estimated by a dietary questionnaire or stool metabolomics, with clinical disease course in 2 independent CD cohorts. RESULTS: PUFA excess in a Western diet potently induced ER stress, driving enteritis in Xbp1(-/-IEC) and Gpx4(+/-IEC) mice. omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs activated the epithelial endoplasmic reticulum sensor inositol-requiring enzyme 1 alpha (IRE1 alpha) by toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) sensing of oxidation-specific epitopes. TLR2-controlled IRE1 alpha activity governed PUFA-induced chemokine production and enteritis. In active human CD, omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs instigated epithelial chemokine expression, and patients displayed a compatible inflammatory stress signature in the serum. Estimated PUFA intake correlated with clinical and biochemical disease activity in a cohort of 160 CD patients, which was similarly demonstrable in an independent metabolomic stool analysis from 199 CD patients. CONCLUSIONS: We provide evidence for the concept of PUFA-induced metabolic gut inflammation which may worsen the course of human CD. Our findings provide a basis for targeted nutritional therapy.
A Case-Control Study between Gene Polymorphisms of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolic Rate-Limiting Enzymes and Acute Coronary Syndrome in Chinese Han Population; The purpose of this study is to analyze the relationship between the polymorphisms of fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1), fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2), and elongation of very long-chain fatty acids-like 2 (ELOVL2) and acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in Chinese Han population. Therefore, we selected three single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from these candidate genes and genotyped them using PCR-based restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis in 249 ACS patients and 240 non-ACS subjects, as were Han Chinese ancestry. The results showed that rs174556 in the FADS1 gene is found to be in allelic association (P = 0.003) and genotypic association (P = 0.036) with ACS. The frequencies of rs174556 minor allele (T) in case group were obviously higher than in control group. The trans-phase gene-gene interaction analysis showed that the combined genotype of rs174556 (T/T) and rs3756963 (T/T) was associated with ACS (P = 0.031). And the results suggest that, for rs174556 C>T, the CT/TT genotypes were more likely to lead in ACS in subjects with hypertension after correction of all risk factors (OR = 4.236, 95% CI, 2.216-7.126). These findings suggest that the polymorphisms of rs174556 in the FADS1 gene are very likely to be associated with ACS in Chinese Han population, especially in subjects with hypertension.
Effect of linoleic acid on ischemic heart disease and its risk factors: a Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundThe role of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in ischemic heart disease (IHD) is controversial, and dietary guidelines vary. Observationally, lower saturated fat intake and higher intake of vegetable oils rich in linoleic acid (LA), the main n-6 PUFA, is associated with lower IHD and diabetes; however, randomized controlled trials have not fully corroborated these benefits. We assessed how genetically predicted LA affected IHD and its risk factors, including diabetes, lipids, and blood pressure. We also assessed the role of LA in reticulocyte count, the red blood cell precursor, which has recently been identified as a possible causal factor in IHD.MethodsTwo-sample instrumental variable analysis with genetic instruments, i.e., Mendelian randomization, was used to obtain unconfounded estimates using genetic variants strongly (p value <5x10(-8)) and solely associated with LA, applied to an IHD case (n76,014)-control (n264,785) study (mainly based on the meta-analysis of CARDIoGRAMplusC4D 1000 Genomes and UK Biobank CAD SOFT GWAS), the DIAbetes Genetics Replication And Meta-analysis diabetes case (n=26,676)-control (n=132,532) study, lipids from the Global Lipids Genetics Consortium Results (n=196,475), and reticulocyte count and blood pressure from the UK Biobank (n361,194). A weighted median and Mendelian randomization Egger were used for sensitivity analysis.ResultsGenetically predicted LA was not associated with IHD or systolic blood pressure. Genetically predicted higher serum LA was associated with lower diabetes (odds ratio (OR) 0.97 per percentage in total fatty acid increase in LA, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 0.99) and lower lipids (low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and total cholesterol), but may be associated with higher diastolic blood pressure. The findings were robust to different single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) selections, analytic methods, and correction for multiple testing.ConclusionsOur novel study suggests a benefit of LA for diabetes and lipids but no benefit for IHD, blood pressure, or reticulocyte count. Explicating these paradoxical findings would facilitate identification of effective new interventions for diabetes and IHD.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary thrombosis; Studies of Greenland Eskimos showed that a very high intake of marine n-3 fatty acids markedly inhibited platelet reactivity and suggested that intake of these fatty acids might prevent coronary thrombosis. Later studies with lower, more practical doses of n-3 fatty acids also have shown a platelet inhibitory effect of n-3 fatty acids, albeit fairly marginal. Furthermore, n-3 fatty acids have little effect on measures of blood coagulability and may slightly decrease fibrinolysis. In animal models, n-3 fatty acids often have been shown to inhibit thrombosis, but again the doses have tended to be very high. Finally, there has been little effect of (low-dose) n-3 fatty acids in clinical trials in humans on the incidence of myocardial infarction. Overall, there is little evidence for a major antithrombotic effect of practical doses of n-3 fatty acids on coronary thrombosis. This does not exclude a beneficial effect of n-3 fatty acids on coronary heart disease as suggested from clinical trials, but the major effect may be antiarrhythmic rather than antithrombotic.
A Unique Combination of Nutritionally Active Ingredients Can Prevent Several Key Processes Associated with Atherosclerosis <i>In Vitro</i>; Introduction
Efficacy of ethyl-EPA as a treatment for Huntington disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: After MRI studies suggested the efficacy of ethyl-EPA in reducing the progressive brain atrophy in Huntington disease (HD), trials were conducted to test its efficacy as a treatment for HD. Trials that continued for 6 months did not find any significant improvement, urging discontinuation of the drug. However, trials that continued for 12 months indicated improvement of motor functions in these patients. Methods: We searched 12 electronic databases to find randomised clinical trials relevant to our inclusion criteria. After screening, only five papers were included. Continuous and binary variables were analysed to compute the pooled mean difference (MD) and risk ratio (RR), respectively. Quality effect model meta-analysis was used as a post hoc analysis for studies at 12 months. Findings: Meta-analysis indicated that ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has no significant effect on any scale of HD at 6 months. At 12 months, two studies suggested significant improvements of the Total Motor Score and Total Motor Score-4 in both fixed and quality effect models [MD = -2.720, 95% CI (-4.76, -.68), p = 0.009; MD = -2.225, 95% CI (-3.842,-0.607), p = 0.007], respectively. Maximal chorea score showed significant results [MD = -1.013, 95% CI (-1.793,-0.233), p = 0.011] in only fixed-effect model, while no improvement was detected for Stroop colour naming test or symbol digit modality. Conclusion: Meta-analysis indicated a significant improvement of motor scores only after 12 months. These results should be interpreted cautiously because only two studies had assessed the efficacy of ethyl-EPA after 12 months with one of them having a 6-month open-label phase.
Docosahexaenoic acid nanoencapsulated with anti-PECAM-1 as co-therapy for atherosclerosis regression; Atherosclerosis is a non-resolving inflammatory condition that underlies major cardiovascular diseases. Recent clinical trial using an anti-inflammatory drug has shown a reduction of cardiovascular mortality, but increased the susceptibility to infections. For this reason, tissue target anti-inflammatory therapies can represent a better option to regress atherosclerotic plaques. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is a natural omega 3 fatty acid - component of algae oil and acts as a precursor of several anti-inflammatory compounds, such the specialized proresolving lipid mediators (SPMs). During the atherosclerosis process, the inflammatory condition of the endothelium leads to the higher expression of adhesion molecules, such as Endothelial Cell Adhesion Molecule Plate 1 (PECAM-1 or CD31), as part of the innate immune response. Thus, the objective of this study was to develop lipid-core nanocapsules with DHA constituting the nucleus and anti-PECAM-1 on their surface and drive this structure to the inflamed endothelium. Nanocapsules were prepared by interfacial deposition of pre-formed polymer method. Zinc-II was added to bind anti-PECAM-1 to the nanocapsule surface by forming an organometallic complex. Swelling experiment showed that the algae oil act as non-solvent for the polymer (weight constant weight for 60 days, p > 0.428) indicating an adequate material to produce kinetically stable lipid-core nanocapsules (LNC). Five formulations were synthesized: Lipid-core nanocapsules containing DHA (LNC-DHA) or containing Medium-chain triglycerides (LNC-MCT), multi-wall nanocapsules containing DHA (MLNC-DHA) or containing MCT (MLNC-MCT) and the surface-functionalized (anti-PECAM-1) metal-complex multi-wall nanocapsules containing DHA (MCMN-DHA-a1). All formulations showed homogeneous macroscopic aspects without aggregation. The mean size of the nanocapsules measured by laser diffraction did not show difference among the samples (p = 0.241). Multi-wall nanocapsules (MLNC) showed a slight increase in the mean diameter and polydispersity index (PDI) measured by DLS, lower pH and an inversion in the zeta-potential (xi P) compared to LNCs. Conjugation test for anti-PECAM-1 showed 94.80% of efficiency. The mean diameter of the formulation had slightly increased from 160 nm (LCN-DHA) and 162 nm (MLNC-DHA) to 164 nm (MCMN-DHA-a1) indicating that the surface functionalization did not induce aggregation of the nano-capsules. Biological assays showed that the MCMN-DHA-a1 were uptaken by the HUVEC cells and did not decrease their viability. The surface-functionalized (anti- PECAM-1) metal-complex multi-wall nanocapsules containing DHA (MCMN-DHA-a1) can be considered adequate for pharmaceutical approaches.
Associations of circulating fatty acids with incident coronary heart disease: a prospective study of 89,242 individuals in UK Biobank; BackgroundThe role of fatty acids in coronary heart disease (CHD) remains uncertain. There is little evidence from large-scale epidemiological studies on the relevance of circulating fatty acids levels to CHD risk. This study aims to examine the independent associations of the major circulating types of fatty acids with CHD risk.MethodsUK Biobank is a prospective study of adults aged 40-69 in 2006-2010; in 2012-2013, a subset of the participants were resurveyed. Analyses were restricted to 89,242 participants with baseline plasma fatty acids (measured using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy) and without prior CHD. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for the associations with incidence CHD, defined as the first-ever myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris, coronary-related death, or relevant procedure. And the major types of fatty acids were mutually adjusted to examine the independent associations. Hazard ratios were corrected for regression dilution using the correlation of baseline and resurvey fatty acids measures.ResultsDuring a median follow-up of 11.8 years, 3,815 incident cases of CHD occurred. Independently of other fatty acids, CHD risk was positively associated with saturated fatty acids (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), inversely associated with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), but there was no strong evidence of an association with omega-6 PUFA: HR per standard deviation higher were 1.14 (95% CI, 1.09-1.20), 1.15 (1.10-1.21), 0.91 (0.87-0.94), and 1.04 (0.99-1.09) respectively. Independently of triglycerides and cholesterol, the inverse association with omega-3 PUFA was not materially changed, but the positive associations with SFA and MUFA attenuated to null after adjusting for triglycerides levels.ConclusionsThis large-scale study has quantitated the independent associations of circulating fatty acids with CHD risk. Omega-3 PUFA was inversely related to CHD risk, independently of other fatty acids and major lipid fractions. By contrast, independently of other fatty acids, the positive associations of circulating SFA and MUFA with CHD risk were mostly attributed to their relationship with triglycerides.
Dietary fish oil reduces pacemaker current and heart rate in rabbit; BACKGROUND Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) from fish oil (FO) reduce heart rate in humans. The mechanism underlying this cardio protective effect of FO is unknown.
Treatment of mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridemia; The atherogenic role of triglycerides (TG) as an independent cardiovascular risk factor has been discussed for many years, largely because hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is a complex metabolic entity of multiple aetiology involving processes of diverse nature. In this chapter, a discussion will be presented on the current recommendations for the management of mild-moderate hypertriglyceridaemia (150-880 mg/dL). The aim of the interventions used is to decrease the LDL-cholesterol (c-LDL) and control the HTG. This entails reducing apoprotein B (ApoB) levels, the number of remaining TG-rich lipoproteins (LRP), non-HDL-cholesterol (cnon-HDL), and increasing HDL-cholesterol (c-HDL). The management strategy includes healthy lifestyle recommendations, and subsequent use of lipid-lowering drugs, including statins, fibrates, n-3 fatty acids and PCSK9 inhibitors. (C) 2021 Sociedad Espanola de Arteriosclerosis. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Reducing residual cardiovascular risk in Europe: Therapeutic implications of European medicines agency approval of icosapent ethyl/eicosapentaenoic acid; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and its atherothrombotic complications impose a substantial disease burden in Europe, representing a cost of euro 210 billion per year for the European Union. Hypertriglyceridemia, a major risk factor for premature ASCVD, is present in more than 20% of the European population, and is a key feature of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Recent findings from the Progression of Early Subclinical Atherosclerosis (PESA) cohort in Spain showed that even in apparently healthy, middle-aged individuals without a history of cardiovascular (CV) risk, elevated triglyceride levels are associated with subclinical atherosclerosis and arterial inflammation. Emerging evidence from epidemiologic and genetic studies supports an independent causative role of triglycerides, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, and their remnants in this pathology. Icosapent ethyl (IPE) is a highly purified, stable ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) that was initially approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia, and subsequently received an expanded indication to reduce the risk of CV events in adult statin-treated patients. Approval was based on the pivotal, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl- Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT), which showed that high-dose IPE (4 g/day) significantly reduced the risk of primary and secondary composite endpoints comprising major CV events and CV death relative to placebo. In 2021, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved IPE to reduce the risk of CV events in adult statin-treated patients at high CV risk with elevated triglyceride levels (>_1.7 mmol/L [>_150 mg/dL]) and established CV disease, or diabetes and at least one other CV risk factor. Clinical studies in Europe, which included patients with acute myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, and those undergoing cardiac rehabilitation, established that 12.5% to 23.3% of these high-risk populations may benefit from treatment with IPE. Such clinical benefit may in part result from the moderate triglyceride-lowering properties of IPE/EPA; equally however, concentrations of atherogenic remnant particle-cholesterol are markedly reduced. Furthermore, IPE/EPA exerts pleiotropic actions beyond its lipid-lowering properties, which include modulation of endothelial function, attenuation of intraplaque inflammation and oxidative stress, and reduction in macrophage accumulation. Plasma phospholipids, into which EPA is primarily incorporated and transported, appear to serve as precursors for a series of antiinflammatory metabolites involving the resolvins RvE1 to RvE3, a pathway which may confer cardioprotective benefits. In addition, plaque imaging data from the Effect of Icosapent Ethyl on Progression of Coronary Atherosclerosis in Patients With Elevated Triglycerides on Statin Therapy (EVAPORATE) and the Combination Therapy of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Pitavastatin for Coronary Plaque Regression Evaluated by Integrated Backscatter Intravascular Ultrasonography (CHERRY) trials show that plaque stabilization may be favorably affected. These factors may act synergistically to stabilize atherosclerotic plaques and reduce CV risk. In addition to robust efficacy data, multiple cost-utility studies across several countries indicate that IPE/EPA is a cost-effective treatment op-tion that is favorably situated relative to some common willingness-to-pay thresholds.
Optimal dietary habits for the prevention of stroke; Diet may influence stroke risk via several mechanisms, but the optimal dietary habits for stroke prevention are not well established. We reviewed English-language MEDLINE publications from January 1979 through November 2004 for experimental, observational, and clinical studies of dietary factors (minerals, fats, cholesterol, fish, animal protein, fiber, whole grains, carbohydrate quality, fruits and vegetables, antioxidants, B vitamins, dietary patterns) and risk of stroke or hypertension, the principal modifiable stroke risk factor. A total of 121 publications were selected based on relevance and quality of design and methods. Diets low in sodium and high in potassium lower blood pressure, which Will likely reduce stroke risk. Consumption of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, folate, and fatty fish are each likely to reduce stroke risk. A prudent or traditional Mediterranean dietary pattern, which incorporates these individual dietary components as well as intake of legumes and olive oil, may also prevent stroke. Evidence is limited or inconsistent regarding optimal levels of dietary magnesium, calcium, antioxidants, total fat, other fat subtypes, cholesterol, carbohydrate quality, or animal protein for stroke prevention. A diet low in sodium, high in potassium, and rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, cereal fiber, and fatty fish will likely reduce the incidence of stroke. Further research is needed regarding the possible effects of other major dietary factors on stroke risk.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of lipid metabolomic signatures of Major Depressive Disorder; The aim of this meta-analysis was to provide a comprehensive synthesis of the evidence examining biomarker signatures in MDD patients including lipids, lipid regulatory proteins (LRP), and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) as compared to healthy individuals. We performed meta-analyses and meta-regression of the studies comparing lipid, LRP, and PUFA levels between MDD patients and healthy individuals by searching Embase, Ovid Medline, Scopus, PsycINFO, PubMed, and Cochrane databases. Search was performed in these databases up to September 2019 and 29 studies were included. Levels of lipid parameter triglyceride (TG) (SMD 0.55, 95% CI 0.30-0.80, p < 0.0001) were higher while total cholesterol (TC) (SMD = -0.46, 95%CI -0.93 to -0.001, p = 0.04) and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) (SMD = -0.46, 95%CI -0.71 to -0.20, p = 0.02) were lower in MDD patients than controls. Subgroup analysis for age showed that the levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were lower in >= 40-year age group (SMD = -0.38, 95%CI -0.70 to -0.06, p = 0.01) and levels of TC was lower in MDD patients in studies from Asian countries (SMD = -0.74, 95%CI -1.37 to -0.10, p = 0.02). TG levels were found to be high all subgroups in MDD patients than controls. A negative association between TC levels and use of lipid lowering medications and a positive association between smoking and LDL levels was found using metaregression analysis. This study will be useful for physicians when considering the assessment of lipidand LRP profiles in MDD patients to reduce the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
trans-Fatty Acid Isomers in Adipose Tissue Have Divergent Associations with Adiposity in Humans; The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between adipose tissue trans-fatty acid isomers and adiposity. This cross-sectional study included 1,785 subjects from Costa Rica. Fatty acid concentrations (as a percentage of the total fatty acids) in subcutaneous adipose tissue were assessed by gas-liquid chromatography. Dietary intakes were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Multivariate linear regression models were used to relate adipose tissue trans-fatty acid content to BMI, waist circumference, and skinfold thickness while adjusting for age, sex, and area of residence. To account for variations in lifestyle, we adjusted for smoking, physical activity, income, self-reported history of diabetes and hypertension, and for adipose tissue alpha-linolenic acid and energy intake in a third model. After adjustments, positive associations were found between 18:2t-fatty acids (primarily from partially hydrogenated oils) and BMI, waist circumference, and skinfold thickness (P for each association < 0.01). Rumenic acid was positively associated with skinfold thickness (P < 0.0001), but not with BMI or waist circumference (P > 0.05). Inverse associations were found between 16:1n-7t-fatty acids and skinfold thickness and between 18:1t-fatty acids and BMI and waist circumference (P < 0.0001). This study suggests that individual trans-fatty acid isomers may have divergent effects on adiposity. 18:2t-fatty acids show consistent positive associations with measures of adiposity. These isomer-specific associations are an interesting new finding. Other prospective and intervention studies are necessary to examine these relationships further.
Effect of supplementing different oils: Linseed, sunflower and soybean, on animal performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and fatty acid profile of veal from "Rubia Gallega" calves; The fatty acid (FA) composition of longisimus dorsi (LD) and subcutaneous fat (SCF) from Rubia Gallega (RG) calves was compared for three dietary oil sources (linseed, LO; sunflower, SFO or soybean, SYO). Oils were added (4.5%) to a commercial concentrate and no differences on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality among diets were noted. Total n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) increased in LD and SCF when feeding LO diet (P<0.001). The trans(t) FA profiles were dominated by t11-18:1, except when feeding SFO diet, where Sigma t6- to t10-18:1 exceeded t11-18:1 leading the highest (Sigma t6-to t10-18:1)/t11-18:11 ratio in LD (P<0.05). The overall changes in n-3 PUFA and t18:1 when feeding LO and SYO could be viewed as positive for human health, but quantitatively it was apparent that most dietary PUPA were completely biohydrogenated. Inhibiting PUFA biohydrogenation will be an important next step to improve the FA composition of RG cattle. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of seafood mediated PCB exposure on desaturase activity and PUFA profile in Faroese septuagenarians; Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure may affect serum concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) by inhibiting desaturases Delta 5 and Delta 6 that drive their synthesis from precursor fatty acids. Such changes in the composition of fatty acids may affect cardiovascular disease risk, which is thought to increase at elevated PCB exposures. This population-based cross-sectional study examined 712 Faroese men and women aged 70-74 years. The serum phospholipid fraction of fasting blood samples was used to determine the PUFA profile, including linoleic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, eicosatrienoic acid, and other relevant fatty acids. Ratios between precursor and metabolite fatty acids were used as proxies for Delta 5 and Delta 6 desaturase activity. Tertiles of serum-PCB concentrations were used in multiple regression analyses to determine the association between the exposure and desaturase activity. In multiple regression models, PCB exposure was inversely related to the estimated Delta 6 desaturase activity resulting in accumulation of precursor fatty acids and decrease in the corresponding product PUFAs. A positive association between PCB and Delta 5 desaturation was also found. A relative increase in EA was also observed, though only in the third tertile of PCB exposure. Non-linear relationships between the exposure and the desaturase activity were not found. Consuming fish and seafood may not be translated into beneficial fatty acid profiles if the diet simultaneously causes exposure to PCBs. Although the desaturase estimates were likely influenced by dietary intakes of product PUFAs, the association between PCB exposure and Delta 6 desaturase activity is plausible and may affect cardiovascular disease risk. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Adult classical homocystinuria requiring parenteral nutrition: Pitfalls and management; Background: Homocystinuria due to cystathionine beta synthase (CBS) deficiency presents with a wide clinical spectrum. Treatment by the enteral route aims at reducing homocysteine levels by using vitamin B6, possibly methionine-restricted diet, betaine and/or folate and vitamin B-12 supplementation. Currently no nutritional guidelines exist regarding parenteral nutrition (PN) under acute conditions.
APOE polymorphism and the hypertriglyceridemic effect of dietary sucrose; Background: The E4 allele of the apolipoprotein gene (APOE) is associated with a greater serum cholesterol response to dietary changes in fat and cholesterol. However, less is known about the interaction between APOE polymorphism and other macronutrients in the diet.
Integrated inflammatory signaling landscape response after delivering Elovanoid free-fatty-acid precursors leading to experimental stroke neuroprotection; Despite efforts to identify modulatory neuroprotective mechanisms of damaging ischemic stroke cascade signaling, a void remains on an effective potential therapeutic. The present study defines neuroprotection by very long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (VLC-PUFA) Elovanoid (ELV) precursors C-32:6 and C-34:6 delivered intranasally following experimental ischemic stroke. We demonstrate that these precursors improved neurological deficit, decreased T2WI lesion volume, and increased SMI-71 positive blood vessels and NeuN positive neurons, indicating blood-brain barrier (BBB) protection and neurogenesis modulated by the free fatty acids (FFAs) C-32:6 and C-34:6. Gene expression revealed increased anti-inflammatory and pro-homeostatic genes and decreases in expression of pro-inflammatory genes in the subcortex. Additionally, the FFAs elicit a comprehensive downregulation of inflammatory microglia/monocyte-derived macrophages and astrocyte-associated genes in the subcortical region. Functional analysis reveals inhibition of immune-related pathways and production of upstream molecules related to detrimental signaling events in post-stroke acute and subacute phases.
Impacts of Fortifying Nile Tilapia (<i>Oreochromis niloticus</i>) Diet with Different Strains of Microalgae on Its Performance, Fillet Quality and Disease Resistance to <i>Aeromonas hydrophila</i> Considering the Interplay between Antioxidant and Inflammatory Response; The oxidative stress facing fish during intensive production brings about diseases and mortalities that negatively influence their performance. Along with that, the increased awareness of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3-PUFAs) health benefits has been triggered the introduction of alternative additives in aqua feed that cause not only modulation in fish immune response but also fortification of their fillet. In this context, the role of microalgae mix (NSS) containing Nannochloropsis oculate and Schizochytrium and Spirulina species, which were enriched with bioactive molecules, especially EPA and DHA, was assessed on Nile tilapia's performance, fillet antioxidant stability, immune response, and disease resistance. Varying levels of NSS (0.75%, 1.5%, and 3%) were added to Nile tilapia's diet for 12 weeks and then a challenge of fish with virulent Aeromonas hydrophila (A. hydrophila) was carried out. Results showed that groups fed NSS, especially at higher levels, showed an improved WG and FCR, which corresponded with enhanced digestive enzymes' activities. Higher T-AOC was detected in muscle tissues of NSS3.0% fed fish with remarkable reduction in ROS, H2O2, and MDA contents, which came in parallel with upregulation of GSH-Px, CAT, and SOD genes. Notably, the contents of EPA and DHA in fillet were significantly increased with increasing the NSS levels. The mean log(10) counts of pathogenic Vibrio and Staphylococcus species were reduced, and conversely, the populations of beneficial Lactobacillus and Bacillus species were increased more eminent after supplementation of NSS3.0% and NSS1.5%. Moreover, regulation of the immune response (lysozyme, IgM, ACH50, NO, and MPO), upregulation of IL-10, TGF-beta, and IgM, and downregulation of IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha, HSP70, and COX-2 were observed following dietary higher NSS levels. After challenge, reduction in A. hydrophila counts was more prominent, especially in NSS3.0% supplemented group. Taken together, the current study encourages the incorporation of such microalgae mix in Nile tilapia's diet for targeting maximum performance, superior fillet quality, and protection against A. hydrophila.
OLDER PLASMA-LIPOPROTEINS ARE MORE SUSCEPTIBLE TO OXIDATION - A LINKING MECHANISM FOR THE LIPID AND OXIDATION THEORIES OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; Increases in plasma cholesterol are associated with progressive increases in the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, In humans plasma cholesterol is contained primarily in apolipoprotein B-based low density lipoprotein (LDL). Cells stop making the high-affinity receptor responsible for LDL removal as they become cholesterol replete; this slows removal of LDL from plasma and elevates plasma LDL. As a result of this delayed uptake, hypercholesterolemic individuals not only have more LDL but have significantly older LDL. Oxidative modification of LDL enhances their atherogenicity. This study sought to determine whether increased time spent in circulation, or aging, by lipoprotein particles altered their susceptibility to oxidative modification, Controlled synchronous production of distinctive apolipoprotein B lipoproteins (yolk-specific very low density lipoproteins; VLDLy) with a single estrogen injection into young turkeys was used to model LDL aging in vivo. VLDLy remained in circulation for at least 10 days, Susceptibility to oxidation in vitro was highly dependent on lipoprotein age in vivo. Oxidation, measured as hexanal release from n-6 fatty acids in VLDLy: increased from 13.3 +/- 5.5 nmol of 2-day-old VLDLy per mi, to 108 +/- 17 nmol of 7-day-old VLDLy per mi, Oxidative instability was not due to tocopherol depletion or conversion to a more unsaturated fatty acid composition, These findings establish mathematically describable linkages between the variables of LDL concentration and LDL oxidation. The proposed mathematical models suggest a unified investigative approach to determine the mechanisms for acceleration of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk as plasma cholesterol rises.
EFFECTS OF FISH-OIL ON FECAL BILE-ACID EXCRETION IN HEALTHY-VOLUNTEERS; Several studies indicated a protective effect of fish oil on colon carcionogenesis which might be due to alterations in prostaglandin E(2) synthesis of the colonic mucosa. Additional effects on fecal bile acid excretion may also play a role since especially secondary bile acids are known to act as promoters in colon cancer development. In the present study possible influences on bile acid excretion were investigated in 12 healthy volunteers whose daily diet was supplemented for 4 weeks with 11 g of fish oil (FO) and corn oil (CO) per day, respectively. Fecal bile acids were analyzed by gas-liquid-chromatography. Fecal excretion of total bile acids was not different during the periods of FO and CO-supplementation (301.9 vs. 320.3 mg/day). However, a non-significant trend to a lower daily excretion of the secondary bile acid lithocholic acid was found after FO compared to CO-ingestion (99.6 vs. 109.4 mg/day; p = 0.22). Since secondary bile acids are known promoters of colon carcinogenesis, these findings may implicate a favorable situation with respect to colon cancer prevention.
Effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation on intestinal inflammation and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in a neonatal rat model; Inasmuch as long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA, metabolites of the essential n-3 and n-6 fatty acids) are known to modulate inflammation, we hypothesized that supplementation of formula with these compounds would prevent necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and intestinal inflammation in our neonatal rat model. Newborn rats were stressed with asphyxia and formula feeding, and randomly assigned to control formula, control with PUFA supplementation, and PUFA with nucleotides. Animals were followed for 72-96 h and assessed for death, gross and histologic NEC, intestinal apoptosis, endotoxemia, and intestinal mRNA synthesis of phospholipase A(2)-II (rate-limiting enzyme for platelet activating factor production), platelet activating factor receptor, and inducible nitric oxide synthase. We found that PUFA reduced the incidence of death and NEC compared with the other groups (NEC 8 of 24 versus 17 of 24 control and 13 of 23 PUFA + nucleotides, p < 0.05). Furthermore, PUFA reduced plasma endotoxemia at 48 h (25 +/- 4 EU/mL versus 276 +/- 39 EU/mL in control and 170 +/- 28 EU/mL in PUFA + nucleotide), intestinal phospholipase A(2)-II expression at 24 h, and platelet activating factor receptor expression at 48 h. Formula supplementation had no effect on apoptosis of intestinal epithelium or intestinal inducible nitric oxide synthase expression. Addition of nucleotides with PUFA abrogated the beneficial effects of PUFA on intestinal inflammation. We conclude that PUFA reduces the incidence of NEC and intestinal inflammation in a neonatal rat model.
Anti-Inflammatory and Immune Properties of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs) and Their Impact on Colorectal Cancer (CRC) Prevention and Treatment; Colorectal cancer (CRC) remains a leading cause of death from cancer worldwide, with increasing incidence in the Western world. Diet has become the focus of research as a significant risk factor for CRC occurrence, and the role of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has become an area of interest given their potential role in modulating inflammation, particularly in the pro-carcinogenic inflammatory environment of the colon. This work reviews the main types of PUFAs, their characteristics, structure, and physiologic role. We then highlight their potential role in preventing CRC, their signaling function vis-a-vis tumorigenic signaling, and their subsequent potential role in modulating response to different treatment modalities. We review pre-clinical and clinical data and discuss their potential use as adjunct therapies to currently existing treatment modalities. Given our understanding of PUFAs' immune and inflammation modulatory effects, we explore the possible combination of PUFAs with immune checkpoint inhibitors and other targeted therapies.
Dietary <i>Buglossoides Arvensis</i> Oil Increases Circulating n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in a Dose-Dependent Manner and Enhances Lipopolysaccharide-Stimulated Whole Blood Interleukin-10-A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Buglossoides arvensis (Ahiflower) oil is a dietary oil rich in stearidonic acid (20% SDA; 18: 4 n-3). The present randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial investigated the effects of three Ahiflower oil dosages on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) content of plasma and mononuclear cells (MCs) and of the highest Ahiflower dosage on stimulated cytokine production in blood. Healthy subjects (n = 88) consumed 9.7 mL per day for 28 days of 100% high oleic sunflower oil (HOSO); 30% Ahiflower oil (Ahi) + 70% HOSO; 60% Ahi + 40% HOSO; and 100% Ahi. No clinically significant changes in blood and urine chemistries, blood lipid profiles, hepatic and renal function tests nor hematology were measured. Linear mixed models (repeated measures design) probed for differences in time, and time x treatment interactions. Amongst significant changes, plasma and MC eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20: 5 n-3) levels increased from baseline at day 28 in all Ahiflower groups (p < 0.05) and the increase was greater in all Ahiflower groups compared to the HOSO control (time x treatment interactions; p < 0.05). Similar results were obtained for ff -linolenic acid (ALA, 18: 3 n-3), eicosatetraenoic acid (ETA, 20: 4 n-3), and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22: 5 n-3) content; but not docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22: 6 n-3). Production of interleukin-10 (IL-10) was increased in the 100% Ahiflower oil group compared to 100% HOSO group (p < 0.05). IL-10 production was also increased in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated M2-differentiated THP-1 macrophage-like cells in the presence of 20: 4 n-3 or EPA (p < 0.05). Overall; this indicates that the consumption of Ahiflower oil is associated with an anti-inflammatory phenotype in healthy subjects.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids promote 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine formation through lipid peroxidation under the glutamate-induced GSH depletion in rat glioma cells; It has been reported that glutamate decreased the intracellular glutathione (GSH) concentration and thereby induced cell death in C6 rat glioma cells. Polyunsaturated fatty acids such as arachidonic acid, gamma -linolenic acid, and linoleic acid enhanced lipid peroxidation promoting 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) formation under the glutamate-induced GSH-depletion. The enhancement of lipid peroxidation by polyunsaturated fatty acids was species-dependent. Some antioxidants capable of scavenging oxygen an lipid radicals and some iron or copper scavengers inhibited both the lipid peroxidation and the 8-OH-dG formation, consequently protecting against cell death induced by glutamate-induced GSH depletion. These results suggest that GSH depletion caused by glutamate induces lipid peroxidation and consequently 8-OH-dG formation and that polyunsaturated fatty acids enhance lipid peroxidation associated with mediated 8-OH-dG formation through a chain reaction. (C) 2001 Academic Press.
Poly-Unsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs) from <i>Cunninghamella elegans</i> Grown on Glycerol Induce Cell Death and Increase Intracellular Reactive Oxygen Species; Cunninghamella elegans NRRL-1393 is an oleaginous fungus able to synthesize and accumulate unsaturated fatty acids, amongst which the bioactive gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) has potential anti-cancer activities. C. elegans was cultured in shake-flask nitrogen-limited media with either glycerol or glucose (both at approximate to 60 g/L) employed as the sole substrate. The assimilation rate of both substrates was similar, as the total biomass production reached 13.0-13.5 g/L, c. 350 h after inoculation (for both instances, c. 27-29 g/L of substrate were consumed). Lipid production was slightly higher on glycerol-based media, compared to the growth on glucose (approximate to 8.4 g/L vs. approximate to 7.0 g/L). Lipids from C. elegans grown on glycerol, containing c. 9.5% w/w of GLA, were transformed into fatty acid lithium salts (FALS), and their effects were assessed on both human normal and cancerous cell lines. The FALS exhibited cytotoxic effects within a 48 h interval with an IC50 of about 60 mu g/mL. Additionally, a suppression of migration was shown, as a significant elevation of oxidative stress levels, and the induction of cell death. Elementary differences between normal and cancer cells were not shown, indicating a generic mode of action; however, oxidative stress level augmentation may increase susceptibility to anticancer drugs, improving chemotherapy effectiveness.
A prospective randomized comparative placebo-controlled double-blind study in two groups to assess the effect of the use of biologically active additives with Siberian fir terpenes for the biological age of a person; A prospective randomized comparative placebo-controlled double-blind study was carried out based on Arterial Indices model of biological age. The study involved 60 men and women aged 40-65 years that were randomly divided into two equal groups of 30 people: the main group and the control one. The study participants from the main group received a dietary supplement containing Siberian fir terpenes, limonene, alpha-linolenic acid, and vitamin E-1 capsule 3 times a day for 90 days. Patients in the comparison group received a placebo according to a similar scheme. Anthropometric and biochemical characteristics of patients from both groups have not undergone any significant changes. According to ultrasound examination of the carotid arteries, we observed a statistically significant decrease in the minimum thickness of the intima-media complex (by 45%). The maximum carotid artery stenosis on the right or left and the expansion index in patients of both groups did not change significantly during treatment. According to the results of applanation tonometry, it was revealed that when taking the studied dietary supplement, the pulse wave velocity significantly decreased compared to the initial one (by 10%). Accordingly, the Arterial Indices biological age decreased by 2.5 years compared to the baseline level in patients of the main group and did not change in patients from the comparison group. Supplementation of fir terpenes in middle-aged patients of both sexes reduces the biological age reflecting the condition of the arteries.
Fatty acids, epigenetic mechanisms and chronic diseases: a systematic review; Background Chronic illnesses like obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular diseases, are worldwide major causes of morbidity and mortality. These pathological conditions involve interactions between environmental, genetic, and epigenetic factors. Recent advances in nutriepigenomics are contributing to clarify the role of some nutritional factors, including dietary fatty acids in gene expression regulation. This systematic review assesses currently available information concerning the role of the different fatty acids on epigenetic mechanisms that affect the development of chronic diseases or induce protective effects on metabolic alterations. Methods A targeted search was conducted in the PubMed/Medline databases using the keywords "fatty acids and epigenetic". The data were analyzed according to the PRISMA-P guidelines. Results Consumption fatty acids like n-3 PUFA: EPA and DHA, and MUFA: oleic and palmitoleic acid was associated with an improvement of metabolic alterations. On the other hand, fatty acids that have been associated with the presence or development of obesity, T2D, pro-inflammatory profile, atherosclerosis and IR were n-6 PUFA, saturated fatty acids (stearic and palmitic), and trans fatty acids (elaidic), have been also linked with epigenetic changes. Conclusions Fatty acids can regulate gene expression by modifying epigenetic mechanisms and consequently result in positive or negative impacts on metabolic outcomes.
Docosahexaenoic acid inhibits ischemic stroke to reduce vascular dementia and Alzheimer's disease; Stroke and dementia are global leading causes of neurological disability and death. The pathology of these diseases is interrelated and they share common, modifiable risk factors. It is suggested that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) prevents neurological and vascular disorders induced by ischemic stroke and also prevent dementia. The purpose of this study was to review the potential preventative role of DHA against ischemic stroke-induced vascular dementia and Alzheimer's disease. In this review, I analyzed studies on stroke-induced dementia from the PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Web of Science databases as well as studies on the effects of DHA on stroke-induced dementia. As per the results of interventional studies, DHA intake can potentially ameliorate demen-tia and cognitive function. In particular, DHA derived from foods such as fish oil enters the blood and then migrates to the brain by binding to fatty acid binding protein 5 that is present in cerebral vascular endothelial cells. At this point, the esterified form of DHA produced by lysophosphatidylcholine is preferentially absorbed into the brain instead of free DHA. DHA accumulates in nerve cell membrane and is involved in the prevention of dementia. The antioxidative and anti-inflammatory properties of DHA and DHA metabolites as well as their ability to decrease amyloid beta (A beta) 42 production were implicated in the improvement of cognitive function. The antioxidant effect of DHA, the inhibition of neuronal cell death by A beta peptide, improvement in learning ability, and enhancement of synaptic plasticity may contribute to the prevention of dementia induced by ischemic stroke.
The Ratio of Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) to Arachidonic Acid may be a Residual Risk Marker in Stable Coronary Artery Disease Patients Receiving Treatment with Statin Following EPA Therapy; Background We investigated the relationship between the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) level, a major residual risk of coronary artery disease (CAD), in statin-treated CAD patients following EPA therapy.
The Ossabaw Pig Is a Suitable Translational Model to Evaluate Dietary Patterns and Coronary Artery Disease Risk; Background: Animal models that mimic diet-induced human pathogenesis of chronic diseases are of increasing importance in preclinical studies. The Ossabaw pig is an established model for obesity-related metabolic disorders when fed extreme diets in caloric excess.
Perioperative Management of Hyperlipidemia Medications; Background: Coronary artery disease is a common comorbidity encountered during the perioperative period. Whether patients are scheduled for cardiac or noncardiac surgery, this cardiovascular disease must be addressed in the preoperative period to decrease the accompanying risks and potential postoperative problems. Lipid-lowering medications are often used to treat hyperlipidemia, a risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
Low-density lipoprotein docosahexaenoic acid nanoparticles induce ferroptotic cell death in hepatocellular carcinoma; Low-density lipoprotein nanoparticles reconstituted with the natural omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (LDL-DHA), have been reported to selectively kill hepatoma cells and reduce the growth of orthotopic liver tumors in the rat. To date, little is known about the cell death pathways by which LDL-DHA nanoparticles kill tumor cells. Here we show that the LDL-DHA nanoparticles are cytotoxic to both rat hepatoma and human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cell lines. Following LDL-DHA treatment both rat and human HCC cells experience pronounced lipid peroxidation, depletion of glutathione and inactivation of the lipid antioxidant glutathione peroxidase-4 (GPX4) prior to cell death. Inhibitor studies revealed that the treated HCC cells die independent of apoptotic, necroptotic or autophagic pathways, but require the presence of cellular iron. These hallmark features are consistent and were later confirmed to reflect ferroptosis, a novel form of nonapoptotic iron-dependent cell death. In keeping with the mechanisms of ferroptosis cell death, GPX4 was also found to be a central regulator of LDL-DHA induced tumor cell killing. We also investigated the effects of LDL-DHA treatments in mice bearing human HCC tumor xenografts. Intratumoral injections of LDL-DHA severely inhibited the growth of HCC xenografts long term. Consistent with our in vitro findings, the LDL-DHA treated HCC tumors experienced ferroptotic cell death characterized by increased levels of tissue lipid hydroperoxides and suppression of GPX4 expression. Conclusion: LDL-DHA induces cell death in HCC cells through the ferroptosis pathway, this represents a novel molecular mechanism of anticancer activity for LDL-DHA nanoparticles.
ATHEROSCLEROSIS AND THROMBOSIS - OLD AND NEW DRUGS; Thanks to the increasing knowledge of the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, much effort has been made in the last years to develop new drugs aimed at controlling risk factors correlated with the disease as well as to investigate more deeply their mechanism of action. In particular, this brief review will describe some new aspects of the mechanism of action of drugs widely used in the control of risk factors like hyperlipemia, hypertension and blood viscosity. Among drugs active on plasma lipid profile, HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor are, at present, under study for their promising activity in the modulation of the interaction between the cells of the arterial wall and circulating blood elements. Indeed, these compounds have been found to control the proliferation of smooth muscle cells and other events related to the formation of atheroma. As far as antithrombotic drugs are concerned, the efficacy of low doses of aspirin has emerged by recent clinical trials. The successful use of low doses of aspirin has been possible following the comprehension of the mechanism by which this compound inhibits TXA-dependent platelet function, thus allowing a dose-dependent dissociation of the antithrombotic activity from other undesirable effects. Also for calcium antagonist an antiatherogenic effect which deserves further investigations has been recently clarified. Indeed it has been demonstrated that calcium antagonists have a protective effect against vascular-lesions because they inhibit smooth muscle cell proliferation, lipid uptake-by macrophages and the production of collagen and elastin. Another class of drugs which represents a new approach in the control of some risk factors is represented by n-3 fatty acids. Besides their activity an triglycerides, these compounds exert a positive effect on hemostatic and thromboembolic event, by reducing platelet aggregation and blood viscosity. Also for those molecules which appear to exert promising antiatherosclerotic and antithrombotic action, further studies will define their exact mechanism of action.
Role of diet in cardiovascular prevention; Several dietary components increase the risk of ischemic cardiovascular disease: excess dietary cholesterol and fats (especially saturated fats with low mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acid content), deficiency of antioxidants, fibers...
A Single-dose, Comparative Bioavailability Study of a Formulation containing OM3 as Phospholipid and Free Fatty Acid to an Ethyl Ester Formulation in the Fasting and Fed States; Purpose: Formulations of omega (OM)-3 with adequate bioavailability in the low-fat fed state are advantageous in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia (HTG), as these patients are advised to adhere to a low-fat diet. The OM3-containing prescription drugs approved by the US Food and Drug administration (FDA) provide OM3 in either ethyl ester (EE) or free fatty acid (FFA) forms. The OM3 FFA form and formulations with micelle-forming ability have shown improved bioavailability versus the EE form. OM3 phospholipid (PL)/FFA, a krill oil-derived OM3 mixture containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) present as PL esters and FFA, is being developed for the treatment of severe HTG. Both forms of OM3 in OM3-PL/FFA are believed to be digested and absorbed more efficiently as compared to OM3 in EE. This hypothesis was tested by comparing the relative bioavailabilities of EPA and DHA from a single 4-g dose administration of OM3-PL/FFA to those the FDA-approved HTG drug OM3-EE in the fed (high fat meal) and fasted states. The effects of food on the bioavailability of both drugs were also tested.
Health Significance of Fat Quality in the Diet; This paper summarizes three presentations on the global and Latin American perspectives on the health significance of fat quality in the diet given at the 16th Congress of the Society of Latin American Nutrition in Havana, Cuba, November 11-16, 2012. Dietary fat quality contributes to the risk of the leading chronic diseases and is more important than fat quantity in reducing the risk of chronic disease mortality, especially from cardiovascular disease (CVD). In many countries, the consumption of saturated fats exceeds the recommended limit of 10% energy (%E) and intakes of polyunsaturated fats (PUFAs) are often below the recommended range of 6-11%E. Consumption of long-chain omega-3 PUFAs is especially low. In many Latin American countries, high consumption of carbohydrates, especially sugars, contributes to obesity, diabetes, hypertension and CVD, while intakes of total fat and PUFAs may be low. Thus, dietary fat recommendations must consider the dietary fat patterns of each country. Nutrition counseling can be effective in teaching individuals and families to modify their food intake patterns and control the major risk factors for chronic disease. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Nutrition, food production and health - an agenda also for cardiologists; The relationship of cardiovascular disease to food has become more complicated on a scientific level yet starkly simpler on the level of policies for producing food for planetary as well as human health. Accordingly, we argue that professional societies in medicine should take a broader view of the scientific methods necessary to understand the complex issues of nutrition and cardiovascular and other disease, and they should lend greater support to policies for agriculture and the food industry that protect ecosystems, combat climate change and promote cardiovascular health.
Feeding rats with liposomes or fish oil differently affects their lipid metabolism; Two n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich diets differing in their chemical and physical forms were given to rats during 2 wk. Liposomes [phospholipids (PL) organized in bilayer structures] made from a natural marine lipid extract or a mixture of fats containing fish oil [similar fatty acids esterified in triacylglycerols (TAG)] were used. The influence of n-3 PUFA dietary sources on plasma parameters, i.e. TAG, cholesterol and PL concentrations, was investigated. A similar hypotriglyceridemic effect of n-3 PUFA from liposomes or fish oil was observed. In contrast, feeding rats with liposomes led to different PL and cholesterol patterns. In the plasma of rats fed liposomes, total cholesterol amounts were positively correlated with PL levels. Liposome and fish oil feedings caused a marked increase in the amounts of n-3 PUFA, which occurred mainly at the expense of n-6 PUFA. However, the enrichment in n-3 PUFA in the different plasma lipid classes differed substantially when ingested in the form of fish oil or liposomes. These results were interpreted in terms of different lipid bioavailability and metabolic fate during the digestive steps and in the liver, with the dietary source.
Physiopathological mechanisms involved in the development of hypertension associated with gut dysbiosis and the effect of nutritional/ pharmacological interventions; The gut microbiota dysbiosis represents a triggering factor for cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension. In addition to the harmful impact caused by hypertension on different target organs, gut dysbiosis is capable of causing direct damage to critical organs such as the brain, heart, blood vessels, and kidneys. In this sense, it should be noted that pharmacological and nutritional interventions may influence gut microbiota composition, either inducing or preventing the development of hypertension. Some of the most important nutritional in-terventions at this level are represented by pro-, pre-, post-and/or syn-biotics, as well as polysaccharides, polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3, polyphenols and fiber contained in different foods. Meanwhile, certain natural and synthetic active pharmaceutical ingredients, including antibiotics, antihypertensive and immunosuppressive drugs, vegetable extracts and vitamins, may also have a key role in the modulation of both gut microbiota and cardiovascular health. Additionally, gut microbiota may influence drugs and food-derived bioactive compounds metabolism, positively or negatively affecting their biological behavior facing established hypertension. The understanding of the complex interactions between gut microbiome and drug/food response results of great importance to developing improved pharmacological therapies for hypertension prevention and treatment. The purpose of this review is to critically outline the most relevant and recent findings on cardiovascular, renal and brain physiopathological mechanisms involved in the development of hypertension associated with changes in gut microbiota, besides the nutritional and pharmacological interventions potentially valuable for the prevention and treatment of this prevalent pathology. Finally, harmful food/drug interventions on gut microbiota are also described.
Response of pearl oyster <i>Pinctada fucata martensii</i> to allograft-induced stress from lipid metabolism; The pearl oyster, Pinctada fucata martensii, produces high-quality pearls. During pearl production, excess immune and inflammatory response after transplantation will lead to nucleus rejection, pearl sac formation failure, and death of the host pearl oyster. The hemocyte transcriptome and fatty acid (FA) contents in the adductor muscle before and after transplantation were analyzed to investigate the response of pearl oyster P. f. martensii to allograft-induced stress from lipid metabolism. The hemocyte transcriptome analysis detected 193 lipid metabolism-related genes, such as the elongation of very long-chain FA protein 5, acyl-CoA 6-desaturase, cytochrome P450, phospholipase A2, glycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase, and prostaglandin-H2 D-isomerase. Pathway enrichment analyses revealed that these genes were mainly involved in the "biosynthesis of unsaturated FM," "FA biosynthesis," "ARA metabolism," and "glycerolipid metabolism." An analysis of FA contents in the adductor muscle indicated no significant difference in the contents of lauric acid, myristic acid, pentadecanoic acid, palmitic acid, palmitoleic acid, heptadecanoic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid, vaccenic acid, linoleic acid, arachidic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, eicosadienoic acid, docosadienoic acid, and 11,14,17-eicosatrienoic acid. However, ARA, DHA, and EPA in the adductor muscle after transplantation were significantly greater than those processed without grafting surgery. These results suggest that pearl oysters require more polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs) to regulate their inflammatory and immune response after transplantation. However, their ability to biosynthesize unsaturated FM is limited. Given these results, the addition of PUFA-containing diets or selection of a line with strong ability to biosynthesize unsaturated FM may be valuable for pearl oyster recovery after transplantation.
Recent Science and Clinical Application of Nutrition to Coronary Heart Disease; One of the greatest threats to mortality in industrialized societies continues to be coronary heart disease (CHD). Moreover, the ability to decrease the incidence of CHD has reached a limit utilizing traditional diagnostic evaluations and prevention and treatment strategies for the top five cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity, and smoking). It is well known that about 80% of CHD can be prevented with optimal nutrition, coupled with exercise, weight management, mild alcohol intake, and smoking cessation. Among all of these factors, optimal nutrition provides the basic foundation for prevention and treatment of CHD. Numerous prospective nutrition clinical trials have shown dramatic reductions in the incidence of CHD. As nutritional science and nutrigenomics research continues, our ability to adjust the best nutrition with an individualized approach is emerging. This article reviews the role of nutrition in the prevention and treatment of CHD and myocardial infarction (MI).
Nutrient reference value: non-communicable disease endpoints-a conference report; Nutrition is complex-and seemingly getting more complicated. Most consumers are familiar with "essential nutrients," e.g., vitamins and minerals, and more recently protein and important amino acids. These essential nutrients have nutrient reference values, referred to as dietary reference intakes (DRIs) developed by consensus committees of scientific experts convened by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine and carried out by the Food and Nutrition Board. The DRIs comprise a set of four nutrient-based reverence values, the estimated average requirements, the recommended dietary allowances (RDAs), the adequate intakes and the tolerable upper intake levels for micronutrient intakes and an acceptable macronutrient distribution range for macronutrient intakes. From the RDA, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) derives a labeling value called the daily value (DV), which appears on the nutrition label of all foods for sale in the US. The DRI reports do not make recommendations about whether the DV labeling values can be set only for what have been defined to date as "essential nutrients." For example, the FDA set a labeling value for "dietary fiber" without having the DV. Nutrient reference values-requirements are set by Codex Alimentarius for essential nutrients, and regulatory bodies in many countries use these Codex values in setting national policy for recommended dietary intakes. However, the focus of this conference is not on essential nutrients, but on the "nonessential nutrients," also termed dietary bioactive components. They can be defined as "Constituents in foods or dietary supplements, other than those needed to meet basic human nutritional needs, which are responsible for changes in health status (Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office of Public Health and Science, Department of Health and Human Services in Fed Regist 69: 55821-55822, 2004)." Substantial and often persuasive scientific evidence does exist to confirm a relationship between the intake of a specific bioactive constituent and enhanced health conditions or reduced risk of a chronic disease. Further, research on the putative mechanisms of action of various classes of bioactives is supported by national and pan-national government agencies, and academic institutions, as well as functional food and dietary supplement manufacturers. Consumers are becoming educated and are seeking to purchase products containing bioactives, yet there is no evaluative process in place to let the public know how strong the science is behind the benefits or the quantitative amounts needed to achieve these beneficial health effects or to avoid exceeding the upper level (UL). When one lacks an essential nutrient, overt deficiency with concomitant physiological determents and eventually death are expected. The absence of bioactive substances from the diet results in suboptimal health, e.g., poor cellular and/or physiological function, which is relative and not absolute. Regrettably at this time, there is no DRI process to evaluate bioactives, although a recent workshop convened by the National Institutes of Health (Options for Consideration of Chronic Disease Endpoints for Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs); March 10-11, 2015; http://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/dri/) did explore the process to develop DVs for nutrients, the lack of which result in increased risk of chronic disease (non-communicable disease) endpoints. A final report is expected soon.
Metabolic profiling of patients with different idiopathic inflammatory myopathy subtypes reveals potential biomarkers in plasma; Idiopathic inflammatory myopathy (IIM) are heterogeneous autoimmune diseases that primarily affect the proximal muscles. IIM subtypes include dermatomyositis (DM), polymyositis (PM), and anti-synthetase syndrome (ASS). Metabolic disturbances may cause irreversible structural damage to muscle fibers in patients with IIM. However, the metabolite profile of patients with different IIM subtypes remains elusive. To investigate metabolic alterations and identify patients with different IIM subtypes, we comprehensively profiled plasma metabolomics of 46 DM, 13 PM, 12 ASS patients, and 30 healthy controls (HCs) using UHPLC-Q Exactive HF mass spectrometer. Multiple statistical analyses and random forest were used to discover differential metabolites and potential biomarkers. We found that tryptophan metabolism, phenylalanine and tyrosine metabolism, fatty acid biosynthesis, beta-oxidation of very long chain fatty acids, alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid metabolism, steroidogenesis, bile acid biosynthesis, purine metabolism, and caffeine metabolism are all enriched in the DM, PM, and ASS groups. We also found that different subtypes of IIM have their unique metabolic pathways. We constructed three models (five metabolites) to identify DM, PM, ASS from HC in the discovery and validation sets. Five to seven metabolites can distinguish DM from PM, DM from ASS, and PM from ASS. A panel of seven metabolites can identify anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 positive (MDA5 +) DM with high accuracy in the discovery and validation sets. Our results provide potential biomarkers for diagnosing different subtypes of IIM and a better understanding of the underlying mechanisms of IIM.
Discrepancies in dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of fatty acids according to age among Japanese female dietitians; Objective: To clarify the influences of age on dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of fatty acids (FAs) in Japanese female dietitians.
Probabilistic benefit-risk analysis of fish: Nutritional benefit versus methylmercury-contaminated risk; This paper carries out probabilistic approach to quantify the benefit-risk analysis for foods (BRAFO) of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and methylmercury (MeHg) for the people who eat the mercury-contaminated fish in Taiwan. We applied the hazard quotient (HQ) model to assess the risk of developmental neuropsychological impairment effect and the desirable dose index (DI) model to quantify the health benefits. Besides, we also applied the disability adjusted life years (DALY) model to assess the number of years lost by incidence of affected infants' intelligence quotient (IQ) and coronary heart disease (CHD) or Stroke for adult. The results of this study show that although the risk of cod and scad are higher, Taiwan residents do not need to reduce intake rate based on benefit considerations. Furthermore, according to the benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), this study suggests that more intake of saury and salmon.
Prevention of atrial fibrillation following cardiac surgery: Basis for a novel therapeutic strategy based on non-hypoxic myocardial preconditioning; Atrial fibrillation is the most common complication of cardiac surgical procedures performed with cardiopulmonary bypass. It contributes to increased hospital length of stay and treatment costs. At present, preventive strategies offer only suboptimal benefits, despite improvements in anesthesia, surgical technique, and medical therapy. The pathogenesis of postoperative atrial fibrillation is considered to be multifactorial. However oxidative stress is a major contributory factor representing the unavoidable consequences of ischemia/reperfusion cycle occurring in this setting. Considerable evidence suggests the involvement of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in the pathogenic mechanism of this arrhythmia. Interestingly, the deleterious consequences of high ROS exposure, such as inflammation, cell death (apoptosis/necrosis) or fibrosis, may be abrogated by a myocardial preconditioning process caused by previous exposure to moderate ROS concentration known to trigger survival response mechanisms. The latter condition may be created by n-3 PUFA supplementation that could give rise to an adaptive response characterized by increased expression of myocardial antioxidant enzymes and/or anti-apoptotic pathways. In addition, a further reinforcement of myocardial antioxidant defenses could be obtained through vitamins C and E supplementation, an intervention also known to diminish enzymatic ROS production. Based on this paradigm, this review presents clinical and experimental evidence supporting the pathophysiological and molecular basis for a novel therapeutic approach aimed to diminish the incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation through a non-hypoxic preconditioning plus a reinforcement of the antioxidant defense system in the myocardial tissue. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vascular function in patients with chronic kidney disease and healthy subjects: a cross-sectional and comparative study; Background: Patients with chronic kidney disease have a markedly increased cardiovascular mortality compared with the general population. Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been suggested to possess cardioprotective properties. This cross-sectional and comparative study evaluated correlations between hemodynamic measurements, resistance artery function and fish consumption to the content of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue, a long-term marker of seafood intake.
Are fatty acids from beef and milk from cattle harmful for human health?; Nutritional recommendations of the past 35-40 years have promoted the reduction of fat intake, calories and particularly saturated fatty acids (SFA), emphasizing lower consumption of red meat and high fat dairy products, because of its association with cardiovascular diseases (CVD), being in turn replaced by sugars and refined carbohydrates. There is consensus that the SFA concentration in blood plasma, particularly palmitic acid, are associated with an increased risk of CVD and heart attacks. However, there is no evidence of causality between CVD and consumption of SFA, raising reasonable doubts about the relationship between consumption of SFA with those present in blood plasma, as well as with the CVD risk. This review presents scientific evidence that demonstrates that the inclusion of fats in the diet, specifically animal fats from ruminants, provide important health benefits for people, especially when accompanied by a reduction in the consumption of carbohydrates. It is also proposed that ruminant products and their fatty acids contribute with beneficial saturated fats for people's health, especially those from pastoral production systems such as vaccenic, rumenic and linolenic acids.
No association between fish consumption and risk of stroke in the Spanish cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Spain): a 13.8-year follow-up study; Objective: To prospectively assess the associations between lean fish, fatty fish and total fish intakes and risk of stroke in the Spanish cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Spain).
Induced Oxidative Stress and Cell Death in the A549 Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Line by Ionizing Radiation Is Enhanced by Supplementation With Docosahexaenoic Acid; Both ionizing radiation and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), have been shown to inhibit tumor cell growth at least in part by increasing oxidative stress. In this study, the effects of ionizing radiation, DHA, or a combination of the two on cell proliferation, anchorage-independent growth, apoptosis, and lipid peroxidation in A549 lung adenocarcinoma cells were examined. In this study, significant decreases in cell proliferation and colony formation were noted for ionizing radiation or DHA treatments, whereas a combination of the two showed significant reductions over either treatment alone. Conversely, lipid peroxidation and apoptotic cell death showed significant increases with ionizing radiation and DHA treatments, whereas cells receiving both treatments demonstrated further significant increases. Moreover, addition of vitamin E, an antioxidant, was able to completely reverse lipid peroxidation and cell death due to ionizing radiation and partially reverse these changes in DHA treatments. Finally, the preferential incorporation of DHA into lung and xenograft compared to liver tissue is demonstrated in an in vivo model. These findings confirm the potential of DHA supplementation to enhance the treatment of lung cancer using ionizing radiation by increasing oxidative stress and enhancing tumor cell death.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke and its subtypes: accumulative evidence from a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To provide a reliable assessment of the hypothesized association of fish consumption with stroke risk accumulatively, an updated meta-analysis of published prospective cohort studies was conducted.
Differences in cardiovascular disease risk factors between Japanese in Japan and Japanese-Americans in Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study; Despite increase in serum total cholesterol, high smoking rate, and frequency of adverse blood pressure levels in Japan, coronary heart disease (CHD) incidence and mortality apparently remain substantially lower at all ages in Japan than in the US and other Western societies. To better understand these differences, we compared CHD biomedical risk factors and dietary variables in Japanese living in Japan and 3rd and 4th generation Japanese emigrants living a primarily Western lifestyle in Hawaii, in an ancillary study of the INTERMAP. Men and women aged 40 - 59 years were examined by common standardized methods-four samples in Japan ( 574 men, 571 women) and a Japanese-American sample in Hawaii ( 136 men, 131 women). Average systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressures were significantly higher in men in Japan than in Hawaii; there were no significant differences in women. The treatment rate of hypertension was much lower in Japan than Hawaii. Smoking prevalence was higher, markedly so for men, in Japan than Hawaii. Body mass index, serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, HbA1c, and fibrinogen were significantly lower in Japan than in Hawaii; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was higher in Japan. Total fat, saturated fatty acid intake, and Keys dietary lipid score were lower in Japan than in Hawaii. Polyunsaturated/ saturated fatty acid ratio and omega-3 fatty acid intake were higher in Japan than in Hawaii. In conclusion, levels of several, especially lipid, CHD risk factors were generally lower in Japanese in Japan than in Japanese in Hawaii. These differences were smaller for women than men between Japan and Hawaii. They may partly explain lower CHD incidence and mortality in Japan than Western industrialized countries.
Lysophosphatidylcholine-DHA Specifically Induces Cytotoxic Effects of the MDA-MB-231 Human Breast Cancer Cell Line <i>In Vitro</i>-Comparative Effects with Other Lipids Containing DHA; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6 omega-3) is a dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid that has an important role in human health. Epidemiological studies linked a high intake of DHA to a reduced risk of certain cancers. Recently, attention focused on how the lipid carrier in which DHA is delivered, i.e., esterified on acylglycerols, phospholipids, or free, affects its biological effects. However, studies comparing the effects of these different forms for DHA supply to cancer cells in vitro are limited. In this study, the effect of free DHA and five lipids carrying one to three DHA chains (LPC-DHA, PC-DHA, MAG-DHA, DAG-DHA and TAG-DHA) on the viability of the MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line was compared. Our results revealed a strong structure-function relationship of DHA-carrying lipids on the viability of MDA-MB-231 cells. Glycerophosphocholine-based lipids are the most effective DHA carriers in reducing the viability of MDA-MB-231 cells, with LPC-DHA being more effective (IC50 = 23.7 mu M) than PC-DHA (IC50 = 67 mu M). The other tested lipids are less toxic (MAG-DHA, free DHA) or even not toxic (DAG-DHA, TAG-DHA) under our conditions. Investigating the mechanism of cell death induced by LPC-DHA revealed increased oxidative stress and membrane cell damage.
Docosahexaenoic acid enrichment can reduce L929 cell necrosis induced by tumor necrosis factor; We previously reported that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) attenuated tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-induced apoptosis in human monocytic, U937 cells Q. Nutr. 130: 1095-1101, 2000). In the present study, we examined the effects of DHA and other polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on TNF-induced necrosis, another mode of cell death, using L929 murine fibrosarcoma cells. After preincubation with PUFA conjugated with BSA for 24 h, cells were treated with TNF or TNF+actinomycin D (Act D). Preincubation of cells with DHA enriched this polyunsaturated acid in the phospholipids and attenuated cell death induced by either TNF or TNF+Act D. When cells were treated with TNF alone, DNA laddering was not detected, and cells were coincidently stained with both annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide, indicating that the death mode was necrotic. TNF+Act D predominantly induced necrosis, although concurrent apoptotic cell death was also observed in this case. Preincubation with oleic acid, linoleic acid or 20:3(n-3) did not affect TNF-induced necrosis. Conversely, supplementation with n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (DPAn-3) or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduced necrotic cell death, but to a lesser extent in comparison with DHA. Unlike the case of U937 cell apoptosis, arachidonic acid (AA) significantly attenuated L929 cell necrosis, and 20:3(n-6) or 22:4(n-6) showed similar or less activity, respectively. Statistical evaluation indicated that the order of effective PUFA activity was DHA > DPAn-3 >= EPA > AA approximate to 20:3(n-6) >= 22:4(n-6). One step desaturation, C2 elongation or C2 cleavage within the n-6 or n-3 fatty acid group was probably very active in L929 cells, because AA, synthesized from 20:3(n-6) or 22:4(n-6), and C22 fatty acids, synthesized from AA or EPA, were preferentially retained in cellular phospholipids. These observations suggested that attenuation of TNF-induced necrosis by the supplementation of various C20 or C22 polyunsaturated fatty acids is mainly attributable to the enrichment of three kinds of polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e., DHA, DPAn-3 or AA, in phospholipids. Among these fatty acids, DHA was the most effective in the reduction of L929 necrosis as observed in the case of U937 apoptosis. This suggests that DHA-enriched membranes can protect cell against TNF irrespective of death modes and that membranous DHA may abrogate the death signaling common to necrosis and apoptosis. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in health and disease; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are necessary for overall health. Two PUFAs families, n-6 and n-3 fatty acids, are physiologically and metabolically distinct. The proportion of PUFAs in serum and, erythrocyte phospholipids, which depends on endogenous metabolism controlled by genetic polymorphisms and dietary intake, is an important determinant of both health and disease. Both n-3 and n-6 PUFAs are processed to powerful promoters of eicosanoids synthesis at the cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase level: Evidence from observational and intervention studies suggest that n-3 PUFAs are cardioprotective, perhaps through their anti-inflammatory, anti-arrhythmic, lipid-lowering and antihypertensive effects. In contrast, dietary n-6 PUFAs have pro-inflammatory effects. Low n-3 and elevated n-6 PUFAs levels were found in patients with cancer on different sites. The present review focuses on current knowledge related to PUFAs intake and status in health and disease, with reference to the Serbian population.
Dietary patterns and lifestyle in a sample of a Slovak Romany Community; The aim of this paper is to evaluate dietary habits and behavioural factors related to atherosclerosis in Slovak Romany, the large minority, characterized by high cardiovascular morbidity. The study involved 150 Romany volunteers (68 males, mean age 42.1 +/- 13.9 y and 82 females, mean age 40.9 +/- 13.7 y). Dietary data were obtained by a validated food-requency questionnaire and a single 24-hour dietary recall. The nutrient intake and health behaviour of the Romany population is not consistent with current guidelines for atherosclerosis prevention. The mean intake of fat is higher than the recommended dietary allowance (RDA), especially in, males (155.3 % of RDA). In females the intake of alpha-linolenic acid is low, in males the cholesterol content of the food exceeds the acceptable value. The mean intake of protein is higher than the recommendation (males 153 % of RDA, females 122.2 %), with a high proportion of animal protein. In both sexes the mean intake of vitamins is below the RDA. In comparison to the general population the diet of the Romany males contains significantly more animal protein (p < 0.05), less plant protein (p < 0.05) and folate (p < 0.01). In the diet of the Romany females a significantly lower intake of plant protein (p < 0.05) and vitamin E (p < 0.05) was observed, as well as a lower intake of linoleic acid and iron in both sexes. The cumulation of ten selected cardiovascular risk factors showed that particularly the Romany mates could be considered as having more atherogenic profile.
Medium-chain triglycerides and monounsaturated fatty acids potentiate the beneficial effects of fish oil on selected cardiovascular risk factors in rats; Fish oil (FO) rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is known to reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Little information is known regarding the influence of lipid composition in the background diet on the modulatory effect of FO supplementation on CVDs. The present study was designed to investigate the influence of various background dietary lipids and FO on selected cardiovascular risk factors in rats. Adult Wistar rats were fed semisynthetic diet with FO at 1.0% or 2.0% along with other lipids, namely, medium-chain triacylglycerols (MCTs), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and n-3 PUFAs, for 5 weeks. Some of the potent CVD risk factors were estimated in the rats. FO at 1.0% and 2.0% has significantly reduced serum lipid peroxides, total cholesterol, triglycerides (TAGs), tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6 and C-reactive protein; liver and adipose TAG and cholesterol levels in MCT, MUFA and n-6 PUFA diet groups. Notably, these alterations were comparatively higher in 1.0% FO-substituted MCT and MUFA diet groups. Interestingly, feeding of FO along with n-3 PUFAs did not show additive effect in attenuation of these factors. Serum liver EPA and DHA levels were remarkably elevated in rats fed FO-enriched MCT or MUFA diets. Our results suggest that MCT5 or MUFAs in the background diet might promote the beneficial effects of FO on CVDs. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
C18:3-GM1a induces apoptosis in Neuro2a cells:: enzymatic remodeling of fatty acyl chains of glycosphingolipids; GM1a [Gal beta 1-3GalNAc beta 1-4(NeuAc alpha 2-3)Gal beta 1-4Glc beta 1-1Cer] is known to support and protect neuronal functions. However, we report that alpha-linolenic acid-containing GM1a (C18:3-GM1a), which was prepared using the reverse hydrolysis reaction of sphingolipid ceramide N-deacylase, induced apoptosis in neuronal cells. Intranucleosomal DNA fragmentation, chromatin condensation, and caspase activation, all typical features of apoptosis, were observed when mouse neuroblastoma Neuro2a cells were cultured with C18:3GM1a but not GM1a containing stearic acid ( C18: 0) or oleic acid ( C18: 1). The phenotype of Neuro2a cells induced by C18:3-GM1a was similar to that evoked by lyso-GM1a. However, lyso-GM1a caused a complete disruption of lipid microdomains of Neuro2a cells and hemolysis of sheep erythrocytes, whereas C18:3-GM1a did neither. C18:3-GM1a, but not lyso-GM1a, was found to be abundant in lipid microdomains after the removal of loosely bound GM1a by BSA. The activation of stress-activated protein kinase/c-Jun N-terminal kinase in Neuro2a cells was observed with lyso-GM1a but not C18:3-GM1a. These results indicate that the mechanism of apoptosis induced by C18:3-GM1a is distinct from that caused by lyso-GM1a. This study also clearly shows that fatty acid composition of gangliosides significantly affected their pharmacological activities when added to the cell cultures and suggests why naturally occurring gangliosides do not possess polyunsaturated fatty acids as a major constituent.
Do polyunsaturated fatty acids protect against bone loss in our aging and osteoporotic population?; Age-related bone loss is inevitable in both men and women and there will soon be more people of extreme old age than ever before. Osteoporosis is a common chronic disease and as the proportion of older people, rate of obesity and the length of life increases, a rise in age-related degenerating bone diseases, disability, and prolonged dependency is projected. Fragility fractures are one of the most severe complications associated with both primary and secondary osteoporosis and current treatment strategies target weight-bearing exercise and pharmacological intervention, both with limited long-term success. Obesity and osteoporosis are intimately interrelated, and diet is a variable that plays a significant role in bone regeneration and repair. The Western Diet is characterized by its unhealthy components, specifically excess amounts of saturated fat intake. This review examines the impact of saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption on chronic inflammation, osteogenesis, bone architecture, and strength and explores the hypothesis that dietary polyunsaturated fats have a beneficial effect on osteogenesis, reducing bone loss by decreasing chronic inflammation, and activating bone resorption through key cellular and molecular mechanisms in our aging population. We conclude that aging, obesity and a diet high in saturated fatty acids significantly impairs bone regeneration and repair and that consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with significantly increased bone regeneration, improved microarchitecture and structural strength. However, omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids were typically pro-inflammatory and have been associated with an increased fracture risk. This review suggests a potential role for omega-3 fatty acids as a non pharmacological dietary method of reducing bone loss in our aging population. We also conclude that contemporary amendments to the formal nutritional recommendations made by the Food and Nutrition Board may be necessary such that our aging population is directly considered.
Gender differences in cardiac rehabilitation programs from the Italian survey on cardiac rehabilitation (ISYDE-2008); Purpose: In recent years epidemiological and clinical evidence has shown gender disparities in several aspects of cardiovascular disease. Aim of this study was to identify gender differences in the clinical profile and management of patients admitted to cardiac rehabilitation (CR) programs. Population: Patients enrolled in the ISYDE-2008 survey were considered.
Dietary fiber intake modifies the association between secondhand smoke exposure and coronary heart disease mortality among Chinese non-smokers in Singapore; Objective: Secondhand smoke (SHS) exposure increases the risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) by an estimated 25% to 30% via oxidative stress and inflammatory mechanisms that may be ameliorated by dietary components. The aim of this study was to evaluate the hypothesized modifying role of nutrients with known antioxidant and/or anti-inflammatory properties on the relationship between SHS exposure and CHD mortality.
Fatty acid nutriture in hospitalized elderly women; Objective: The aim of this study was to measure the fatty acid (FA) dietary intakes and the FA composition of plasma total lipids in a selected group of hospitalized elderly patients.
Age-related changes of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the anterior cingulate cortex of individuals with major depressive disorder; Accumulating evidence finds a relative deficiency of peripheral membrane fatty acids in persons with affective disorders such as unipolar and bipolar depression. Here we sought to investigate whether postmortem brain fatty acids within the anterior cingulate cortex (BA-24) varied according to the presence of major depression at the time of death. Using capillary gas chromatography we measured fatty acids in a depressed group (n = 12), and in a control group without lifetime history of psychiatric diagnosis (n = 14). Compared to the control group, the depressed group showed significantly lower concentrations of numerous saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids including both the n-3 and n-6 fatty acids. Additionally, significant correlations between age at death and precursor (or metabolites) in the n-3 fatty acid pathway were demonstrated in the depressed group but not in control subjects. In the n-6 fatty acid family, the ratio of 20:3(n-6)/18:2(n-6) was higher in patients than in control groups, whereas the ratio of 20A(n-6)/20:3(n-6) was relatively decreased in patients. Lastly, a significant negative correlation between age and the ratio of 20:4(n-6) to 22:6(n-3) was found in patients, but not in controls. Taken together, decreases in 22:6(n-3) may be caused, at least in part, by the diminished formation of 20:5(n-3), which is derived from 20:4(n-3) through a Delta 5 desaturase reaction. The present findings from postmortem brain tissue raise the possibility that an increased ratio of 20:4(n-6) to 22:6(n-3) may provide us with a biomarker for depression. Future research should further investigate these relationships. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Safety and efficacy of a fish-oil-based fat emulsion in the treatment of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease; BACKGROUND. Parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease can be a progressive and fatal entity in children with short-bowel syndrome. Soybean-fat emulsions provided as part of standard parenteral nutrition may contribute to its pathophysiology.
Cardiovascular prevention: Frontiers in lipid guidelines; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains one of the principal causes of morbidity and mortality in the world. International guidelines are being updated to take into account new evidence and improved health economics as drug patents expire. Recent studies have investigated the best lipid fractions to predict CVD, suggested additional CVD risk factors and a potential role for novel biomarkers while big data approaches have allowed improvements to be made to CVD risk calculators. The increasing availability of next generation sequencing is allowing systematic efforts to be made to detect monogenic familial hypercholesterolaemia.
Flaxseed Oil Attenuates Intestinal Damage and Inflammation by Regulating Necroptosis and TLR4/NOD Signaling Pathways Following Lipopolysaccharide Challenge in a Piglet Model; Scope: Flaxseed oil is a rich source of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which is the precursor of the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). This study investigates the protective effect of flaxseed oil against intestinal injury induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS).
Identification of a novel putative non-selenocysteine containing phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase (NPGPx) essential for alleviating oxidative stress generated from polyunsaturated fatty acids in breast cancer cells; A dramatic reduction in the expression of a novel phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase ( PHGPx), which incorporates cysteine instead of selenocysteine in the conserved catalytic motif was observed in a microarray analysis using cDNAs amplified from mRNA of Brca1-null mouse embryonic fibroblasts. This non-selenocysteine PHGPx named NPGPx is a cytoplasmic protein with molecular mass of similar to 22 kDa and has little detectable glutathione peroxidase activity in vitro. Ectopic expression of NPGPx in Brca1-null cells that were sensitive to oxidative stress induced by hydrogen peroxide conferred a similar resistance level to that of the wild-type cells, suggesting the importance of this protein in reducing oxidative stress. Expression of NPGPx was found in many tissues, including developing mammary gland. However, the majority of breast cancer cell lines studied ( 11 of 12) expressed very low or undetectable levels of NPGPx irrespective of BRCA1 status. Re-expression of NPGPx in breast cancer lines, MCF-7 and HCC1937, which have very little or no endogenous NPGPx, induced resistance to eicosapentaenoic acid ( an omega-3 type of polyunsaturated fatty acid)-mediated cell death. Conversely, inhibition of the expression of NPGPx by the specific small interfering RNA in HS578T breast cancer cells that originally express substantial amounts of endogenous NPGPx increased their sensitivity to eicosapentaenoic acid-mediated cell death. Thus, NPGPx plays an essential role in breast cancer cells in alleviating oxidative stress generated from polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism.
<i>Houttuynia</i><i> cordata</i> Thunb. Hexane fraction induces MDA-MB-231 cell apoptosis via caspases, ER stress, cell cycle arrest and attenuated Akt/ERK signaling; Houttuynia cordata Thunb. (HCT) is a perennial plant used in traditional Thai medicine for many centuries. This study aimed to investigate the antiproliferative effect of the hexane fraction, which has not been explored before. HCT ethanol extract (crude extract) was sequentially fractionated to obtain a hexane (H) fraction. GC-MS was used to determine the phytochemicals. The H fraction consisted of lipids, mainly & alpha;-linolenic acid and some terpenoids. MTT assay was used to determine the cytotoxic effects of H fraction in MCF-7, MDA-MB-231, NIH3T3 and PBMCs. The mode of cell death and cell cycle analysis were determined by flow cytometry. The mechanisms of cell death were defined by mitochondrial transmembrane potential (MTP) reduction and activation of caspase-3,-8 and-9. The expression levels of the Bcl-2 family, cell cycle-related, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-associated proteins; and Akt/ERK signaling molecules were investigated by immunoblotting. The H fraction was toxic to MDA-MB-231 more than MCF-7 cells but not to NIH3T3 and PBMCs. The growth of MDA-MB-231 cells was inhibited through apoptosis. MTP was disrupted whereas caspase-3,-8 and-9 were activated. The expression of proapoptotic Bax and Bak was upregulated, while Bid and anti-apoptotic Bcl-xL proteins were downregulated. Cyclin D1 and CDK4 levels were downregulated. The cell cycle was arrested at G1. Moreover, GRP78 and CHOP elevation indicated ER stress-mediated pathway. The expression ratio of pAkt/Akt and pERK/ERK were reduced. Taken together, the molecular mechanisms of MDA-MB-231 cell apoptosis were via intrinsic/extrinsic pathways, cell cycle arrest, ER stress and abrogation of Akt/ERK survival pathways. According to the most current research, the H fraction may be used as an adjuvant in the BC treatment; however, before the anticancer strategy can be applied to patients, it is important to determine each active compound's effects in cell lines and in vivo when compared with a combined mixture.
Management of dyslipidaemias in the elderly population-A narrative review; The impact of dyslipidaemias on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well documented. However, it is often under-estimated and, sometimes, suboptimally managed in the elderly population. The prevalence of dyslipidaemias seems to decline from the 7th decade of life in both genders. The association of dyslipidaemias with CVD weakens after the 7th decade, perhaps due to other age-related comorbidities. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol remains the main target in the management of CVD risk. Although the evidence is not robust for the elderly, statins are the cornerstone of the management of CVD. Statins do have a potentially beneficial role in elderly individuals with established CVD and/or a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Data on their use in other elderly populations are inconsistent. There is no clear evidence for a beneficial effect of other hypolipidaemic drug categories in the elderly, such as ezetimibe, fibrates, niacin, omega-3 fatty acids and the new proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors. Their use should be balanced against possible adverse effects, such as the increased risk of myopathy with fibrates. Potential drug-drug interactions should be also taken into account. In conclusion, there is a need to establish the most effective lipid-lowering strategy in the elderly population with respect to CVD risk reduction, in future well-designed trials.
Too much of a good thing? Update on fish consumption and mercury exposure; While there is a significant amount of data showing health benefits of increased fish consumption, there are conflicting reports about the cardiovascular risks of mercury in seafood. A recent long-term study attempted to resolve this controversy, providing an opportunity to balance recommendations from the US Environmental Protection Agency for mercury with those from the American Heart Association for fish consumption.
Asthmatics Exhibit Altered Oxylipin Profiles Compared to Healthy Individuals after Subway Air Exposure; Background: Asthma is a chronic inflammatory lung disease that causes significant morbidity and mortality worldwide. Air pollutants such as particulate matter (PM) and oxidants are important factors in causing exacerbations in asthmatics, and the source and composition of pollutants greatly affects pathological implications.
Anticancer effects of n-3 EPA and DHA and their endocannabinoid derivatives on breast cancer cell growth and invasion; The anticancer effects of the omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), EPA and DHA may be due, at least in part, to conversion to their respective endocannabinoid derivatives, eicosapentaenoyl-ethanolamine (EPEA) and docosahexaenoyl-ethanolamine (DHEA). Here, the effects of EPEA and DHEA and their parent compounds, EPA and DHA, on breast cancer (BC) cell function was examined. EPEA and DHEA exhibited greater anti-cancer effects than EPA and DHA in two BC cells (MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231) whilst displaying no effect in non-malignant breast cells (MCF-10a). Both BC lines expressed CB1/2 receptors that were responsible, at least partly, for the observed anti-proliferative effects of the omega-3 endocannabinoids as determined by receptor antagonism studies. Additionally, major signalling mechanisms elicited by these CB ligands included altered phosphorylation of p38-MAPK, JNK, and ERK proteins. Both LCPUFAs and their endocannabinoids attenuated the expression of signal proteins in BC cells, albeit to different extents depending on cell type and lipid effectors. These signal proteins are implicated in apoptosis and attenuation of BC cell migration and invasiveness. Furthermore, only DHA reduced in vitro MDA-MB-231 migration whereas both LCPUFAs and their endocannabinoids significantly inhibited invasiveness. This finding was consistent with reduced integrin beta 3 expression observed with all treatments and reduced MMP-1 and VEGF with DHA treatment. Attenuation of cell viability, migration and invasion of malignant cells indicates a potential adjunct nutritional therapeutic use of these LCPUFAs and/or their endocannabinoids in treatment of breast cancer.
Apoptosis- and differentiation-inducing activities of jacaric acid, a conjugated linolenic acid isomer, on human eosinophilic leukemia EoL-1 cells; Conjugated linolenic acids (CLNAs) are a group of naturally occurring positional and geometrical isomers of the C18 polyunsaturated essential fatty acid, linolenic acid (LNA), with three conjugated double bonds (C18:3). Although previous research has demonstrated the growth-inhibitory effects of CLNA on a wide variety of cancer cell lines in vitro, their action mechanisms and therapeutic potential on human myeloid leukemia cells remain poorly understood. In the present study, we found that jacaric acid (8Z,10E,12Z-octadecatrienoic acid), a CLNA isomer which is present in jacaranda seed oil, inhibited the in vitro growth of human eosinophilic leukemia EoL-1 cells in a time- and concentration-dependent manner. Mechanistic studies showed that jacaric acid triggered cell cycle arrest of EoL-1 cells at the G(0)/G(1) phase and induced apoptosis of the EoL-1 cells, as measured by the Cell Death Detection ELISA(PLUS) kit, Annexin V assay and JC-1 dye staining. Notably, the jacaric acid-treated EoL-1 cells also underwent differentiation as revealed by morphological and phenotypic analysis. Collectively, our results demonstrated the capability of jacaric acid to inhibit the growth of EoL-1 cells in vitro through triggering cell cycle arrest and by inducing apoptosis and differentiation of the leukemia cells. Therefore, jacaric acid might be developed as a potential candidate for the treatment of certain forms of myeloid leukemia with minimal toxicity and few side effects.
Comparison of Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress and Cardiovascular Disease in Humans and Chimpanzees (<i>Pan troglodytes</i>); In the oxidative stress hypothesis of aging, the aging process is the result of cumulative damage by reactive oxygen species. Humans and chimpanzees are remarkably similar; but humans live twice as long as chimpanzees and therefore are believed to age at a slower rate. The purpose of this study was to compare biomarkers for cardiovascular disease, oxidative stress, and aging between male chimpanzees and humans. Compared with men, male chimpanzees were at increased risk for cardiovascular disease because of their significantly higher levels of fibrinogen, IGF1, insulin, lipoprotein a, and large high-density lipoproteins. Chimpanzees showed increased oxidative stress, measured as significantly higher levels of 5-hydroxymethyl-2-deoxyuridine and 8-iso-prostaglandin F-2 alpha, a higher peroxidizability index, and higher levels of the prooxidants ceruloplasmin and copper. In addition, chimpanzees had decreased levels of antioxidants, including alpha- and beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene, and tocopherols, as well as decreased levels of the cardiovascular protection factors albumin and bilirubin. As predicted by the oxidative stress hypothesis of aging, male chimpanzees exhibit higher levels of oxidative stress and a much higher risk for cardiovascular disease, particularly cardiomyopathy, compared with men of equivalent age. Given these results, we hypothesize that the longer lifespan of humans is at least in part the result of greater antioxidant capacity and lower risk of cardiovascular disease associated with lower oxidative stress.
Effect of oral administration of docohexanoic acid on anemia and inflammation in hemodialysis patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background & aims: Docohexanoic acid (DHA), a dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty-acid omega-3 (n-3, PUFA), showed potential beneficial effects in reducing all-cause mortality in hemodialysis (HD) patients. This randomized trial aimed to analyze whether DHA supplementation was a modulator of erythropoietin (EPO) response and inflammation in hemodialysis (HD) patients.
Fatty acids composition of aorta and saphenous vein tissues in patients with coronary artery diseases; Introduction: Considering importance of fatty acids in developing coronary artery disease (CAD) and lack of information about saphenous vein which is commonly used as coronary arterial bypass, in this study we investigated differences in fatty acids composition between saphenous vein and aorta tissues in patients with CAD.
Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have distinct membrane locations and lipid interactions as determined by X-ray diffraction; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) differentially influence lipid oxidation, signal transduction, fluidity, and cholesterol domain formation, potentially due in part to distinct membrane interactions. We used small angle X-ray diffraction to evaluate the EPA and DHA effects on membrane structure. Membrane vesicles composed of 1-palmitoy1-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (POPC) and cholesterol (C) (0.3C:POPC mole ratio) were prepared and treated with vehicle, EPA, or DHA (1:10 mol ratio to POPC). Electron density profiles generated from the diffraction data showed that EPA increased membrane hydrocarbon core electron density over a broad area, up to +/- 20 angstrom from the membrane center, indicating an energetically favorable extended orientation for EPA likely stabilized by van der Waals interactions. By contrast, DHA increased electron density in the phospholipid head group region starting at +/- 12 angstrom from the membrane center, presumably due to DHA-surface interactions, with coincident reduction in electron density in the membrane hydrocarbon core centered +/- 7-9 angstrom from the membrane center. The membrane width (d-space) decreased by 5 angstrom in the presence of vehicle as the temperature increased from 10 degrees C to 30 degrees C due to increased acyl chain trans gauche isomerizations, which was unaffected by addition of EPA or DHA. The influence of DHA on membrane structure was modulated by temperature changes while the interactions of EPA were unaffected. The contrasting EPA and DHA effects on membrane structure indicate distinct molecular locations and orientations that may contribute to observed differences in biological activity.
Nutritional composition of the branched murex <i>Chicoreus ramosus</i> (Linnaeus, 1758) (Family: Muricidae); Chicoreus ramosus (Linnaeus, 1758), the branched murex, a species of marine gastropod mollusc collected off the Gulf of Mannar on the south-eastern coast of India was studied for the nutritional composition. The edible portion of C. ramosus demonstrated protein content with balanced ratio of essential to non-essential amino acids (similar to 0.94). The C-20-C-22 n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, were predominant in the edible part (15.8 and 17.2% total fatty acids, respectively). Considerably lesser cholesterol content (28.7 nig 100 g(-1)), greater hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic index (6.3) and lesser atherogenic (0.2), thrombogenicity (0.1) indices showed its importance as a cardioprotective and antithrombogenic diet. The presence of antioxidative microelement selenium (30.44 mu g 100 g(-1)) along with ascorbic acid and tocopherol (45.5 and 55.8 mu g 100 g(-1), respectively) demonstrated the value of this foodstuff to impart antioxidative defense in the metabolic system. A lesser sodium/potassium (Na/K) proportion (0.64) in C. ramosus could be coupled with a diminished threat of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aggregate amount of calcium and phosphorus (136.1 mg 100 g(-1)) showed the beneficial effect of this species in facilitating the recruitment of osteoblasts and bone mineralisation process. The previously undescribed report with regard to nutritional composition of C. ramosus appropriately demonstrated this low-value gastropod species as a valuable depot of essential nutritional elements and as a health food for human consumption.
Food matrices affect the bioavailability of (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in a single meal study in humans; The aim of this study was to investigate the role of the food matrix on bioavailability of (n - 3) PUFA and oxidative stress in plasma. The study was a randomized, cross-over study and included 12 healthy male participants. The participants ingested a test meal, which consisted of a fitness bar, a yoghurt drink, eight oil capsules, bread and butter; 4 g of fish oil was incorporated into one of the matrices. Blood samples were collected and fatty acid composition of chylomicrons was determined together with plasma levels of conjugated dienes and alpha-tocopherol. Fish oil incorporated into food products were absorbed differently from those simply administered as supplements alongside of food products, and yoghurt was the best matrix for providing fast absorption of lipids in general, including (n - 3) fatty acids. No significant difference was observed in the level of plasma alpha-tocopherol after ingestion of test meals. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary docosahexaenoic acid on survival time and stroke-related behavior in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; 1. Dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) suppressed the age dependent increase in systolic blood pressure and prolonged the average survival time of stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP).
Fish Consumption and Risk of Stroke in Chinese Adults: A Prospective Cohort Study in Shanghai, China; Present studies on the association of fish consumption with risk of stroke have shown controversial results, and this association within the Chinese population remains unknown. We aimed to investigate the association between fish consumption and incidence of total stroke, ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke among adults in China. We analyzed the data of 57,701 adults aged 20-74 years, with no history of stroke, in a prospective cohort study in Shanghai. Fish consumption was calculated from a food frequency questionnaire at baseline and divided into four categories (less than 300, 300-450, 450-600 and more than 600 g/week). Participant information was linked to health information systems in which stroke event information was collected up until 31 December 2021. The hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of the associations of fish consumption with risk of total stroke, ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke were estimated using cox proportional hazards regression models. Dose-response relationships were estimated using restricted cubic spline analyses. During a median follow-up of 4.56 years, 807 newly developed stroke events were ascertained, including 664 ischemic stroke events and 113 hemorrhagic stroke events. Fish consumption of 300-450 g/week was associated with a reduced risk of total stroke (HR: 0.78, 95% CI: 0.64-0.94) and ischemic stroke (0.70 (0.57-0.88)) compared with fish consumption of less than 300 g/week, after adjustment for comprehensive covariates including sociodemographic characteristics, lifestyle, dietary patterns and disease histories. No significant association was found between fish consumption and hemorrhagic stroke. The findings of our study support the consumption level of fish recommended in the dietary guidelines.
Association of blood eicosapentaenoic acid levels with intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic: preliminary experience from a single-center in Japan; Background The COVID-19 pandemic has forced lockdowns and declarations of states of emergency, resulting in marked changes to daily life such as dietary habits in many countries. Though serum omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids levels have been shown to be useful markers for recurrent vascular events or worse prognosis in cardiovascular diseases and ischemic stroke, the relationship between serum omega-3 PUFA levels and the occurrence of intracerebral hemorrhage has essentially been unknown. We explored the association of serum omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods Participants comprised patients admitted to Juntendo University Hospital (Tokyo, Japan) with intracerebral hemorrhage between January 1, 2016 and April 30, 2020. Clinical characteristics including serum omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels were compared between patients developing intracerebral hemorrhage during the period from January 1, 2016 to February 29, 2020, and the subsequent COVID-19 pandemic period (March 1 to April 30, 2020). Clinical characteristics independently related to intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic were analyzed by comparing these two cohorts of intracerebral hemorrhage patients in different periods. Results A total of 103 patients (age, 67.0 +/- 13.9 years; 67 males) with intracerebral hemorrhage were enrolled. Intracerebral hemorrhage developed in 91 patients before and 12 patients during the COVID-19 pandemic. Monthly averages of intracerebral hemorrhage patients admitted to our hospital during and before the COVID-19 pandemic were 6 and 1.82, respectively. Serum eicosapentaenoic acid levels were significantly lower in intracerebral hemorrhage patients during the COVID-19 pandemic than before (31.87 +/- 12.93 mu g/ml vs. 63.74 +/- 43.29 mu g/ml, p = 0.007). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that, compared to before the COVID-19 pandemic, dyslipidemia (odds ratio 0.163, 95% confidence interval 0.031-0.852; p = 0.032) and eicosapentaenoic acid levels (odds ratio 0.947, 95% confidence interval 0.901-0.994; p = 0.029) were associated with intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic. Conclusions From our preliminary results, low eicosapentaenoic acid levels were linked with intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic. Low levels of eicosapentaenoic acid might be an endogenous surrogate marker for intracerebral hemorrhage during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Oleuropein-Laded Ufasomes Improve the Nutraceutical Efficacy; Ufasomes are unsaturated fatty acid liposomes made up of oleic and linoleic acids, natural components required in various biological processes. This kind of nanocarrier is characterized by a simple and dynamic structure and is able to improve the bioavailability of unsaturated fatty acids. The aim of this investigation was to evaluate ufasomes as natural compound delivery systems to deliver oleuropein and improve its antioxidant activity. Oleuropein is a phenolic compound mainly present in olives and olive oil, with several biological properties, such as the antioxidant activity. However, to improve their biological activity, antioxidant compounds should be able to cross cell membranes and uniformly incorporate in cells. Because of the great similarity between their constituents and cell membranes, ufasomes could be advantageous carriers for oleuropein delivery. The physico-chemical characteristics of ufasomes were investigated. A regular shape was shown by transmission electron microscopy studies, while the mean sizes were dependent on the ufasomes composition. In vitro studies highlighted that empty ufasomes did not lead to cell mortality at the tested concentrations and a good carrier internalization in CaCo-2 cells, further studies in vitro studies demonstrated that oleuropein-loaded ufasomes were able to enhance the antioxidant activity of the free active substance making this carrier a suitable one for nutraceutical application.
The Association of Fatty Acid Levels and Gleason Grade among Men Undergoing Radical Prostatectomy; Background
Associations of the plasma lipidome with mortality in the acute respiratory distress syndrome: a longitudinal cohort study; Background: It is unknown if the plasma lipidome is a useful tool for improving our understanding of the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Therefore, we measured the plasma lipidome of individuals with ARDS at two time-points to determine if changes in the plasma lipidome distinguished survivors from non-survivors. We hypothesized that both the absolute concentration and change in concentration over time of plasma lipids are associated with 28-day mortality in this population.
Erythrocyte fatty acid profiles and plasma homocysteine, folate and vitamin B<sub>6</sub> and B<sub>12</sub> in recurrent depression: Implications for co-morbidity with cardiovascular disease; Oxidative stress induced interactions between fatty acid (FA) and one-carbon metabolism may be involved in co-occurrence of major depressive disorder (MDD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), which have been scarcely studied together. In 137 recurrent MDD-patients vs. 73 age- and sex-matched healthy controls, we simultaneously measured key components of one-carbon metabolism in plasma (homocysteine, folate, vitamins B-6 and B-12), and of FA-metabolism in red blood cell membranes [main polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DMA), and arachidonic acid (AA) and structural FA-indices (chain length, unsaturation, peroxidation)]. Results show significant positive associations of folate with EPA, DHA, and the peroxidation index, which were similar in patients and controls. After correction for confounders, these associations were lost except for EPA. Associations between B-vitamins and FA-parameters were non-significant, but also similar in patients and controls. Homocysteine and DHA were significantly less negatively associated in patients than in controls. In conclusion, these data indicate similarities but also differences in associations between parameters of one-carbon and FA-metabolism in recurrent MDD patients vs. controls, which may reflect differences in handling of oxidative stress. Further research should test the consequences of these differences, particularly the premature development of CVD in MDD. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Age-related changes in plasma and tissue fatty acid composition in Fischer 344 rats; Advancing age is associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease. Changes in fatty acid metabolism affect important cellular membrane properties and functions which may contribute to the vascular pathophysiology of aging. This study was designed to investigate the effects of aging on the fatty acid composition of the plasma, liver, aorta, and renal artery in 4-, 15-, and 24-month old Fischer 344 rats, an animal model for aging. With aging, the levels of total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) increased in the plasma aorta, and renal artery. The major changes in the liver fatty acid profile were increases in the levels of 18:2n6 and 18:3n3 and a decrease in the levels of 20:3n6 and 20:5n3. The results indicate that significant shifts occur in the levels of n6 and n3 PUFA in the plasma, liver, and vasculature with aging. The alterations in the fatty acid composition may be a pathogenetic mechanism of the vascular changes associated with aging.
LOW COPPER STATUS OF RATS AFFECTS POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF BRAIN PHOSPHOLIPIDS, UNRELATED TO NEUROPATHOLOGY; To determine the molecular basis of the neuropathology of copper deficiency, brain lipid composition was determined in second-generation copper-deficient rats. Non-parous female rats were fed a low copper diet (0.5 mg Cu/kg) or a control diet (10 mg Cu/kg) during gestation and lactation, and the offspring were continued on the respective diets to approximately 8 wk of age. In one experiment the source of carbohydrate was 15% starch and 52.6% sucrose, and in another experiment sucrose and glucose were compared in a factorial design. The source of carbohydrate had no effect on copper status. Myelin concentration was estimated by isolation, by 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase activity, and by concentration of 20: 1 (n-9). Fatty acid compositions of the phospholipid fractions of brain parts and of myelin were determined. Copper deficiency reduced myelin concentration slightly in the midbrain region and increased the proportion of linoleic acid 118:2(n-6)] in both brain and isolated myelin. In the cerebellum the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly 22:6(n-3), were lower. Approximately one-half of the copper-deficient rats developed Parkinson-like signs and had low striatal dopamine, but neither myelin content nor brain fatty acid composition was associated with the neuropathology.
Nutritional genomics, inflammation and obesity; The Human Genome Project has significantly broadened our understanding of the molecular aspects regulating the homeostasis and the pathophysiology of different clinical conditions. Consequently, the field of nutrition has been strongly influenced by such improvements in knowledge - especially for determining how nutrients act at the molecular level in different conditions, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. In this manner, characterizing how the genome influences the diet and vice-versa provides insights about the molecular mechanisms involved in chronic inflammation-related diseases. Therefore, the present review aims to discuss the potential application of Nutritional Genomics to modulate obesity-related inflammatory responses.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids effect on serum triglycerides concentration in the presence of metabolic syndrome components. The Alaska-Siberia Project; Serum fatty acids (FAs) have wide effects on metabolism: Serum saturated fatty acids (SFAs) increase triglyceride (TG) levels in plasma, whereas polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce them. Traditionally, Eskimos have a high consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3 FAs); but the Westernization of their food habits has increased their dietary SFAs, partly reflected in their serum concentrations. We studied the joint effect of serum SFAs and PUFAs on circulating levels of TGs in the presence of metabolic syndrome components. We included 212 men and 240 women (age, 47.9 +/- 15.7 years; body mass index [BMI], 26.9 +/- 5.3) from 4 villages located in Alaska for a cross-sectional study. Generalized linear models were used to build surface responses of TG as functions of SFAs and PUFAs measured in blood samples adjusting by sex, BMI, and village. The effects of individual FAs were assessed by multiple linear regression analysis, and partial correlations (r) were calculated. The most important predictors for TG levels were glucose tolerance (r = 0.116, P = .018) and BMI (r = 0.42, P < .001). Triglyceride concentration showed negative associations with 20:3 omega 6 (r = 0.16, P = .001), 20:4 omega 6 (r = 0.14, P = .005), 20:50 (r = 0.17, P < .001), and 22:5 omega 3 (r = 0.26, P < .001), and positive associations with palmitic acid (r = 0.16, P < .001) and 18:3 omega 3 (r = 0.15, P < .001). The surface response analysis suggested that the effect of palmitic acid on TG is blunted in different degrees according to the PUFA chemical structure. The long-chain omega 3, even in the presence of high levels of saturated fat, was associated with lower TG levels. Eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 omega 3) had the strongest effect against palmitic acid on TG. The total FA showed moderate association with levels of TG, whereas SFA was positively associated and large-chain PUFA was negatively associated. The Westernized dietary habits among Eskimos are likely to change their metabolic profile and increase comorbidities related to metabolic disease. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Genetic Variation in Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase 1 Is Associated with Metabolic Syndrome Prevalence in Costa Rican Adults; Stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) activity, a key regulator of lipid metabolism, may be associated with the development of metabolic syndrome (MetS). We examined the association of genetic variation in the SCD1 gene with the occurrence of MetS and its five components in a population of Costa Rican adults (n = 2152; mean age, 58 y; range, 18-86 y). Associations of tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (tagSNP) of the SCD1 gene with prevalence of MetS and its five components were analyzed by use of log-Poisson models with robust variance estimates and linear regression models, respectively. The likelihood ratio was used to test potential gene-fatty acid interactive effects with adipose tissue alpha-linolenic acid. One tagSNP (rs1502593) was significantly associated with an increased prevalence of MetS in the total study sample. Compared with the common homozygous CC genotype, the CT and TT genotypes for rs1502593 were associated with higher prevalence ratios (PR) of MetS for CT vs. CC: [PR = 1.22 (95% CI = 1.03, 1.44)] and for TT vs. CC [PR = 1.24 (95% CI = 1.01, 1.52)]. Among women, we observed borderline positive associations between systolic blood pressure and fasting blood sugar levels and rs1502593 (P = 0.05 and 0.06). Compared to the common haplotype (frequency >= 5%) with no minor alleles of SCD1 tagSNP, the other two observed common haplotypes carrying the rs1502593 minor allele were significantly associated with elevated prevalence of MetS. No gene-fatty acid interactive effects were observed. Our results suggest that genetic variation in the SCD1 gene may play a role in the development of MetS. J. Nutr. 141: 2211-2218, 2011.
Acute injection of a DHA triglyceride emulsion after hypoxic-ischemic brain injury in mice increases both DHA and EPA levels in blood and brain; We recently reported that acute injection of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) triglyceride emulsions (tri-DHA) conferred neuroprotection after hypoxic-ischemic (HI) injury in a neonatal mouse stroke model. We showed that exogenous DHA increased concentrations of DHA in brain mitochondria as well as DHA-derived specialized pro-resolving mediator (SPM) levels in the brain. The objective of the present study was to investigate the distribution of emulsion particles and changes in plasma lipid profiles after tri-DHA injection in naive mice and in animals subjected to HI injury. We also examined whether tri-DHA injection would change DHA-and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-derived SPM levels in the brain. To address this, neonatal (10-day-old) naive and HI mice were injected with radiolabeled tri-DHA emulsion (0.375 g tri-DHA/kg bw), and blood clearance and tissue distribution were analyzed. Among all the organs assayed, the lowest uptake of emulsion particles was in the brain (<0.4% recovered dose) in both naive and HI mice, while the liver had the highest uptake. Tri-DHA administration increased DHA concentrations in plasma lysophosphatidylcholine and non-esterified fatty acids. Additionally, treatment with tri-DHA after HI injury significantly elevated the levels of DHA-derived SPMs and monohydroxy-containing DHA-derived products in the brain. Further, tri-DHA administration increased resolvin E2 (RvE2, 5S,18R-dihydroxy-eicosa-6E,8Z,11Z,14Z,16E-pentaenoic acid) and monohydroxy-containing EPA-derived products in the brain. These results suggest that the transfer of DHA through plasma lipid pools plays an important role in DHA brain transport in neonatal mice subjected to HI injury. Furthermore, increases in EPA and EPA-derived SPMs following tri-DHA injection demonstrate interlinked metabolism of these two fatty acids. Hence, changes in both EPA and DHA profile patterns need to be considered when studying the protective effects of DHA after HI brain injury. Our results highlight the need for further investigation to differentiate the effects of DHA from EPA on neuroprotective pathways following HI damage. Such information could contribute to the development of specific DHA-EPA formulations to improve clinical endpoints and modulate potential biomarkers in ischemic brain injury.
Distinct regulation of plasma LDL cholesterol by eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in high fat diet-fed hamsters: Participation of cholesterol ester transfer protein and LDL receptor; Despite established anti-atherogenic action, previous reports have shown that fish oils or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) increase plasma LDL-C in animals and humans. However, which component of n-3 PUFAs and what mechanisms contribute to this increase are unclear. We investigated the effects of the major components of n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on plasma LDL-C in high fat diet-fed hamsters. While LDL-C increased significantly with n-3 PUFA oil and DHA, EPA had no effect on LDL-C. Interestingly, a positive correlation was found between plasma cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP) activity and LDL-C. Only DHA increased plasma CETP activity and significantly decreased LDL receptor expression in the liver. Our data suggest that DHA, not EPA, is a major factor in the LDL-C increasing effect of n-3 PUFA oil. These differential effects on LDL-C may arise from differences in plasma CETP activity and LDL receptor expression. (c) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Complementary therapy and survival in glioblastoma; Background. Complementary therapy (CAM) is common in cancer patients. We undertook this study to assess the association of complementary therapy usage with mortality in glioblastoma (GBM) patients.
Brain-heart connection and the risk of heart attack; Autonomic functions, such as increased sympathetic and parasympathetic activity and the brain's suprachiasmatic nucleus, higher nervous centres, depression, hostility and aggression appear to be important determinants of heart rate variability (HRV), which is, itself, an important risk factor of myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, sudden death, heart failure and atherosclerosis. The circadian rhythm of these complications with an increased occurrence in the second quarter of the day may be due to autonomic dysfunction as well as to the presence of excitatory brain and heart tissues. While increased sympathetic activity is associated with increased levels of cortisol, catecholamines, serotonin, renin, aldosterone, angiotensin and free radicals; increased parasympathetic activity may be associated with greater levels of acetylecholine, dopamine, nitric oxide, endorphins, coenzyme Q10, antioxidants and other protective factors. Recent studies indicate that hyperglycemia, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, ambient pollution, insulin resistance and mental stress can increase the risk of low HRV. These risk factors, which are known to favour cardiovascular disease, seem to act by decreasing HRV. There is evidence that regular fasting may modulate HRV and other risk factors of heart attack. While exercise is known to decrease HRV, exercise training may not have any adverse effect on HRV. In a recent study among 202 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), the incidence of onset of chest pain was highest in the second quarter of the day (41.0%), mainly between 4.0-8.0 AM, followed by the fourth quarter, usually after large meals (28.2%). Emotion was the second most common trigger (43.5%). Cold weather was a predisposing factor in 29.2% and hot temperature (>40 degrees celsius) was common in 24.7% of the patients. Dietary n-3 fatty acids and coenzyme Q10 have been found to prevent the increased circadian occurrence of cardiac events in our randomized controlled trials, possibly by increasing HRV. We have also found that n-3 fatty acids plus CoQ can decrease TNF-alpha and IL-6 in AMI which are pro-inflammatory agents. There is evidence that dietary n-3 fatty acids can enhance hippocampal acetylecholine levels, which may be protective. Similarly, the stimulation of the vagus nerve may inhibit TNF synthesis in the liver and acetylecholine, the principal vagal neurotransmitter, significantly attenuates the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha, interleukin 1,6 and 18, but not the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 in experiments. Therefore, any agent which can enhance brain acetylecholine levels, may be used as a therapeutic agent in protecting the suprachiasmatic nucleus, higher nervous centres, vagal activity and sympathetic nerve activity which are known to regulate the body clock and HRV and the risk of SCD and heart attack. (C) 2002 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke: a second prospective case-control study from northern Sweden; Background: Fish consumption has been concluded to be associated with decreased risk of stroke in several reviews. However, among men, but not women, an increased risk of stroke was previously found at high fish consumption (> 3 meals/week) in northern Sweden. This study investigates if previous results on elevated stroke risk with high fish consumption in men in northern Sweden can be confirmed in a larger study with new cases in the same population.
Endothelin-1 attenuates ω3 fatty acid-induced apoptosis by inhibition of caspase 3; Endothelin-1 (ET-1) may be involved in the induction of vascular hypertrophy in hypertension. ET-1 may also modulate vascular growth through the exertion of antiapoptotic effects. The omega 3 fatty acids (omega 3 FAs), which have antiproliferative effects in various cell types, may have a beneficial role in hypertension. We tested the hypothesis that ET-1 could act as a survival factor against omega 3 FA-induced apoptosis and attempted to elucidate possible molecular mechanisms underlying the protective action of ET-1 on docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-induced apoptosis. Mesenteric vascular smooth muscle cells were stimulated with DHA, a representative omega 3 FA. Dose-response curves of DHA at different apoptotic stages were assessed with the use of flow cytometry: (1) very early: plasma membrane phosphatidylserine (PS) translocation; (2) early: change in mitochondrial transmembrane potential (Delta Psi m); and (3) late: cell cycle analysis. Expression of the proapoptotic protein bax and the antiapoptotic protein bcl-2 was determined with Western blot assay. The activity and the expression of caspase 3, which as a critical proteolytic enzyme involved in the death-signaling pathway, were evaluated with a fluorometric immunosorbent enzyme assay and Western blot analysis, respectively. Apoptosis, which was detected with PS translocation, Delta Psi m disruption, and cell cycle analysis, was increased dose dependently by DHA. DHA-induced apoptosis was attenuated through exposure to ET-1 for 1 hour before DHA in cell cycle analysis. The interference of ET-1 with DHA-induced apoptosis, as detected with cell cycle analysis, was not apparent at the membrane (PS translocation) or the mitochondrial (Delta Psi m) level. The increase in bax/bcl-2 ratio in DHA-stimulated cells was not affected by ET-1. However, DHA increased both caspase 3 activity and the active forms of caspase 3 (20 and 17 kDa), resulting in enhanced DNA fragmentation as shown through Hoechst staining and fluorescence microscopy, which were attenuated by ET-1 pretreatment. In conclusion, DHA, an omega 3 FA, induced apoptosis in vascular smooth muscle cells in a dose-dependent manner. ET-1 exerted important protective effects through the attenuation of DHA-induced caspase 3 activation and subsequent DNA fragmentation in the late stages of apoptosis.
The Mediterranean Diet and Your Health; The Mediterranean diet has long been celebrated as the gold standard of healthy diets for its highly palatable nature and favorable impact on the prevention of chronic diseases, promotion of greater longevity, and quality of life. A large body of scientific evidence has accumulated over the past several decades showing that Mediterranean-type diets are highly protective against the development of cardiovascular disease, metabolic disorders, and certain cancers. A single definition of the Mediterranean diet is difficult because of the diversity of dietary habits of more than the 18 countries with coastlines on the Mediterranean Sea. There are, however, general food patterns that unify the variable diets of the Mediterranean people and reflect the more traditional eating pattern of the southern Mediterranean region during the early 1960s. Dr Ancel Keys wrote of this diet in his first book on the topic, titled How to Eat Well and Stay Well the Mediterranean Way, as a diet that provides clues for why the health profile of the Mediterranean countries was more favorable than the rest of the world during that period. The Mediterranean eating pattern warrants attention because this eating style has been repeatedly associated with protection against several chronic degenerative diseases and disorders. Although it is not clear yet which components of the diet provide the greatest health benefits, likely candidates have emerged in the literature that, when consumed collectively, provide a dietary pattern that is highly protective. Several potential explanations and biological mechanisms of action against the pathogenesis of chronic disease that these foods provide are reviewed.
Dyslipidemia, lipid-lowering agents and neuroendocrine neoplasms: new horizons; PurposeNeuroendocrine neoplasms (NENs) are a heterogeneous group of malignancies originating from cells with a neuroendocrine phenotype. The complex relationship between lipid metabolism and cancer is gaining interest and a potential anti-cancer effect of lipid lowering agents is being considered. This review aims to discuss the current understanding and treatment of dyslipidaemia in NENs, focusing on the role of lipid lowering agents, including new therapeutic approaches, and future perspectives as possible tool in cancer prevention and tumor-growth control.MethodsWe performed an electronic-based search using PubMed updated until December 2023, summarizing the available evidence both in basic and clinical research about lipid lowering agents in NENs.ResultsDyslipidemia is an important aspect to be considered in NENs management, although randomized studies specifically addressing this topic are lacking, unlike other cancer types. Available data mainly regard statins, and in vitro studies have demonstrated direct antitumor effects, including antiproliferative effects in some cancers, supporting possible pleiotropic effects also in NENs, but data remain conflicting. Ezetimibe, omega 3-fatty acids, fibrates and inhibitors of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) may enhance the regulation of lipid homeostasis, as demonstrated in other cancers.ConclusionsTargeting dyslipidemia in NENs should be part of the multidisciplinary management and an integrated approach may be the best option for both metabolic and tumor control. Whether lipid lowering agents may directly contribute to tumor control remains to be confirmed with specific studies, focusing on association with other metabolic risk, disease stage and primary site.
Supplemental N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Limit A1-Specific Astrocyte Polarization via Attenuating Mitochondrial Dysfunction in Ischemic Stroke in Mice; Ischemic stroke is one of the leading causes of death and disability for adults, which lacks effective treatments. Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exerts beneficial effects on ischemic stroke by attenuating neuron death and inflammation induced by microglial activation. However, the impact and mechanism of n-3 PUFAs on astrocyte function during stroke have not yet been well investigated. Our current study found that dietary n-3 PUFAs decreased the infarction volume and improved the neurofunction in the mice model of transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO). Notably, n-3 PUFAs reduced the stroke-induced A1 astrocyte polarization both in vivo and in vitro. We have demonstrated that exogenous n-3 PUFAs attenuated mitochondrial oxidative stress and increased the mitophagy of astrocytes in the condition of hypoxia. Furthermore, we provided evidence that treatment with the mitochondrial-derived antioxidant, mito-TEMPO, abrogated the n-3 PUFA-mediated regulation of A1 astrocyte polarization upon hypoxia treatment. Together, this study highlighted that n-3 PUFAs prevent mitochondrial dysfunction, thereby limiting A1-specific astrocyte polarization and subsequently improving the neurological outcomes of mice with ischemic stroke.
Fish consumption and severely depressed mood, findings from the first national nutrition follow-up study; The evidence obtained from prospective studies to support the hypothesis that fish consumption may improve mental status remains limited. The current study prospectively assessed a low frequency of fish consumption as a risk factor for depressed mood. Included were 5068 adults aged 25-74 years examined in 1971-1975 as the baseline of the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Follow-up Study. Frequency of eating fish at baseline was obtained using a 3-month food frequency questionnaire. Severely depressed mood (SDM) was defined as the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale scores >= 22 or taking anti-depressants. After an average of 10.6 years of follow-up, among men (n = 2039), the percentage of individuals with SDM was 11.7%. Compared with frequent consumers (more than once a week), the odds ratios (ORs) were 1.43 (95%Cl = 0.66-3.11) and 2.08 (1.08-4.09) respectively for the men eating fish once a week and less than once a week (p for trend = 0.03). Among women (n = 3029), the percentage of individuals with SDM was 17.89%. The ORs were 1 (reference), 0.91 (0.68-1.22) and 1.15 (0.83-1.59) respectively for the women eating fish more than once, once, and less than once a week. These estimates were obtained after adjustment for indicators of social deprivation and major physical diseases. The study concluded that independently from social deprivation and physical diseases, low fish consumption was a risk factor for SDM among men. Further studies are needed to confirm these findings and elucidate mechanisms for the difference between men and women. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of diet on the incidence of and mortality owing to gastritis and renal disease in captive cheetahs (Acinonyx jubatus) in South Africa; Seventy-two adult cheetahs were evaluated for the degree of gastritis by endoscopic biopsy and for renal disease by serum creatinine. Cheetahs free of Grade 3 gastritis and renal disease were placed on Trial A; remaining cheetahs were placed on Trial B, which ran concurrently. All cheetahs were monitored for 4 years. Cheetahs exited Trial A and entered Trial B if they developed Grade 3 gastritis or renal disease. Cheetahs exited Trial B if they developed clinical gastritis or renal disease that required a dietary change or aggressive medical therapy or died owing to either disease. Cheetahs on Trial A were fed either a supplemented meat diet (N = 26) or commercial cat food (N = 22). Cheetahs on Trial B were fed either the same meat diet (N = 28) or a commercial dry cat food formulated for renal disease (N = 16). Cheetahs fed meat on Trial A had a daily hazard of developing Grade 3 gastritis 2.21 times higher (95% CI 0.955.15) than cheetahs fed commercial cat food. This hazard was not statistically significant (P = 0.07). Mean gastritis scores were not significantly different between the two groups. Cheetahs fed commercial cat food in both Trials had lower serum urea levels and higher creatinine levels than those fed meat. Evidence for the effect of diet in cheetahs with gastritis and/or renal disease (Trial B) was inconclusive. The number of cheetahs dying of gastritis or renal disease at the facility has dropped markedly since the study began. These results indicate that diet may play an important role in the incidence of Grade 3 gastritis and that dietary and/or therapeutic management of gastritis may reduce mortality owing to gastritis and renal disease in captive cheetahs. Zoo Biol 31:669-682, 2012. (c) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Serum lipids and prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular events in hemodialysis patients; This article reviews the relationship between serum lipids and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in hemodialysis patients. Epidemiologic studies showed a cholesterol paradox in hemodialysis patients, but it can be solved by taking protein-energy wasting and inflammation into consideration. Wasting and inflammation are the risk factors of fatality after incident CVD. Randomized controlled trials showed neutral effects of statins and statin-ezetimibe combination on CVD outcomes in dialysis patients. Current guidelines in Japan recommend that low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) be < 120 mg/dL, or non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) be < 150 mg/dL as an alternative target in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), whereas Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcome (KDIGO) guidelines do not recommend any target lipid levels. In addition to "treat to target" and "fire and forget" guidelines, it is possible to recommend that lipid-lowering medication be initiated in certain subgroups of CKD patients. New directions of lipid research in CKD include cholesterol metabolism markers, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and modifications of lipoproteins.
Lipids, lipid modifying agents and cardiovascular risk: a review of the evidence; It is well-established that serum total-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, low HDL-cholesterol and calculated indices such as total cholesterol : HDL-cholesterol ratio or less commonly used indices such as non-HDL cholesterol are strongly predictive of cardiovascular events. Serum triglycerides, by contrast, are only modestly associated with coronary heart disease (CHD) in multivariate analysis and incorporation of triglycerides into prediction algorithms is therefore unlikely to improve their prediction capability. Meta-analysis of studies including > 90 000 subjects has provided robust evidence that statins reduce important clinical end-points. These included a 12% fall in all-cause mortality, 19% fall in CHD mortality and 23% fall in CHD mortality or myocardial infarction. Furthermore there are high quality data showing additional benefit of intensive statin therapy over standard statin therapy for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. However, meta-analysis of 10 fibrate trials has shown inconsistent evidence of vascular benefit and non-cardiovascular mortality has been slightly but consistently elevated in most fibrate trials and in meta-analysis. The general use of fibrates for cardiovascular risk reduction can therefore not be supported at present. Other second line agents such as bile acid sequestrants, nicotinic acid and omega-3 fatty acid supplements have been evaluated in a few randomized controlled studies in which cardiovascular benefit has been found but clearly further data are required to properly establish their use in clinical practice. Ongoing studies such as ACCORD, IMPROVE-IT, ASCEND, ORIGIN and HPS2-THRIVE should assist in answering outstanding questions over the next 5 years.
Increased F<sub>3</sub>-Isoprostanes in the Canadian Inuit Population Could Be Cardioprotective by Limiting F<sub>2</sub>-Isoprostane Production; Context: F-3-isoprostanes (F-3-IsoPs), derived from peroxidation of eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3), could be cardioprotective by limiting production of F-2-isoprostanes (F-2-IsoPs), a cardiovascular disease risk factor.
Protective Effect of Fish Oil on Changes in the Activities of Membrane-Bound ATPases and Mineral Status in Experimentally Induced Myocardial Infarction in Wistar Rats; The present study evaluated the protective effect of fish oil in isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats. The results of the present study indicate that the IPH administration decreases the activities of membrane-bound ATPases compared to control animals. Fish oil pretreatment brought about significant increase in the activity of these membrane-bound ATPases in IPH (isoproterenol hydrochloride)-treated animals. Significant increase in serum potassium level with concomitant decrease in the values of sodium, magnesium, and calcium were observed in IPH-treated rats compared to control rats, fish oil pretreatment reversed these changes to near normal. Significant elevation of sodium and calcium levels with concomitant decrease in the levels of potassium and magnesium were observed in the myocardial tissue of IPH-administered rats compared to control rats, fish oil pretreatment followed by IPH administration brought these levels to near normal. The levels of lipid peroxidation (LPO) in both serum and tissue were increased in IPH-treated rats compared with control rats, whereas pretreatment with fish oil in IPH-treated rats maintained near-normal LPO levels. The results of the present study reveals that the pretreatment of fish maintains the activities of membrane-bound ATPases and the mineral levels at near normal by the inhibition of lipid peroxidation.
Drug Treatment of Hyperlipidaemia A Guide to the Rational Use of Lipid-Lowering Drugs; Mammalian sterol and lipid metabolism depends on a large number of highly evolved biochemical and histological processes responsible for the absorption, distribution and steady-state anabolic/catabolic handling of these substances. Lipoproteins are complex polymolecular assemblies comprising phospholipids, cholesterol and cholesterol esters, triglycerides and a variety of apolipoproteins. The primary function of lipoproteins is to facilitate the systemic distribution of sterols and lipids. Abnormalities in lipoprotein metabolism are quite common and are attributable to a large number of genetic mutations, metabolic derangements such as insulin resistance or thyroid dysfunction, and excess availability of cholesterol and fat from dietary sources. Dyslipidaemic states facilitate endothelial dysfunction and atherogenesis. Dyslipidaemia is recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in both men and women, and people of all racial and ethnic groups throughout the world. Dyslipidaemia is modifiable with dietary change and the use of medications that impact on lipid metabolism through a variety of mechanisms. Reducing atherogenic lipoprotein burden in serum is associated with significant and meaningful reductions in risk for a variety of cardiovascular endpoints, including myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, development of peripheral arterial disease and mortality.
Docosahexaenoic acid promotes M2 microglia phenotype via activating PPARγ-mediated ERK/AKT pathway against cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury; In ischemia-reperfusion stroke, microglia play a dual role in brain injury as well as brain repair, and promoting their switch from a pro-inflammatory M1 phenotype to an anti-inflammatory M2 phenotype is considered to be a potential therapeutic strategy. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an essential long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid that exhibits potent anti-inflammatory properties in the acute phase of ischemic stroke, but its effect on microglia polarization is unknown. Thus, the objective of this study was to investigate the neuroprotective effects of DHA on rat brain following ischemia-reperfusion injury, and to investigate the mechanism by which DHA regulates microglia polarization. We administered DHA 5 mg/kg intraperitoneally daily for 3 d following a transient middle cerebral artery occlusion reperfusion model in rats. The protective effects of DHA on cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury were detected by TTC staining, HE staining, Nissler staining, and TUNEL staining. Quantitative real-time PCR, immunofluorescence, western blot, and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay were used to detect the expression of M1 and M2 microglia-associated markers and PPAR gamma-mediated ERK/AKT signaling pathway proteins. We found that DHA significantly improved brain injury by decreasing the expression of the M1 phenotypic marker (iNOS, CD16) and increasing the expression of the M2 phenotypic marker (Arg-1, CD206). DHA also increased the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) mRNA and protein, increased the expression of the pathway protein AKT, and decreased the expression of ERK1/2. In addition, DHA promoted the expression of anti-inflammatory factor IL-10 and decreased the expression of pro-inflammatory factors TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta. However, the PPAR gamma antagonist GW9662 greatly blocked these beneficial effects. These results suggest that DHA may activate PPAR gamma to inhibit ERK and activate AKT signaling pathways to regulate microglia polarization, thereby reducing neuroinflammation and promoting neurological recovery to alleviate cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Raised dietary <i>n</i>-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake increases 2-series prostaglandin production during labour in the ewe; Preterm labour is the major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality in humans. The incidence is around 10% and the causes are often unknown. Consumption of dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in western societies is increasing. These are metabolized to arachidonic acid, the precursor for 2-series Prostaglandins (PGs), major signalling molecules during labour. This study investigated the effect of dietary supplementation with linoleic acid (LA, 18: 2, n-6) on parturition. Ewes were fed a control or LA-supplemented diet from 100 days gestation. Labour was induced using a standardized glucocorticoid challenge (dexamethasone, Dex) to the fetus, starting on day 139. Electromyographic (EMG) activity and fetal and maternal circulating PG concentrations were monitored. One third of LA-fed ewes delivered early (pre-Dex) although basal uterine EMG activity preceding Dex was higher in control ewes (P < 0.05). A steep increase in EMG activity occurred 18-38 h after the start of Dex infusion. Twice basal EMG activity (defined as established labour) occurred on average 7 h earlier in the LA-supplemented ewes (P < 0.05). The basal concentrations of maternal and fetal PGFM and fetal PGE(2) were approximately doubled in LA-supplemented ewes before the start of Dex infusion (P < 0.01). The rise in fetal PGE(2) and maternal oestradiol concentrations post-Dex occurred earlier in the LA-supplemented ewes. All PG measurements remained significantly higher in the LA-supplemented ewes during labour onset. This study suggests that consumption of a high LA diet in late pregnancy can enhance placental PG production and may thus increase the risk of preterm labour.
Association of Fish Oil and Physical Activity on Mobility Disability in Older Adults; Purpose
Triglycerides and ASCVD Risk Reduction: Recent Insights and Future Directions; Purpose of ReviewThis review focuses on recent evidence examining the role triglycerides (TG) and triglyceride-enriched lipoproteins (TGRL) play in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). It also provides a succinct overview of current and future TG-lowering therapies for ASCVD risk reduction.Recent FindingsEpidemiological and Mendelian randomization studies have consistently shown that TGRL are strongly associated with ASCVD. REDUCE-IT demonstrated cardiovascular benefit with icosapent ethyl in high-risk patients with hypertriglyceridemia on statin therapy. Polymorphisms in APOC3 and ANGPTL3 are associated with ASCVD and use of RNA-interfering therapies to target these proteins has shown TG lowering in early phase trials.SummaryTG and TGRL are causally associated with ASCVD. Lifestyle modifications and statin therapy can lower TG/TGRL and are considered first-line treatment for hypertriglyceridemia. Icosapent ethyl has been shown to reduce residual ASCVD risk in high-risk patients on maximally tolerated statins. Ongoing clinical trials will better define optimal therapy for patients on statins with residual hypertriglyceridemia.
Advancements in risk stratification and management strategies in primary cardiovascular prevention; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, highlighting the urgent need for advancements in risk assessment and management strategies. Although significant progress has been made recently, identifying and managing apparently healthy individuals at a higher risk of developing atherosclerosis and those with subclinical atherosclerosis still poses significant challenges. Traditional risk assessment tools have limitations in accurately predicting future events and fail to encompass the complexity of the atherosclerosis trajectory. In this review, we describe novel approaches in biomarkers, genetics, advanced imaging techniques, and artificial intelligence that have emerged to address this gap. Moreover, polygenic risk scores and imaging modalities such as coronary artery calcium scoring, and coronary computed tomography angiography offer promising avenues for enhancing primary cardiovascular risk stratification and personalised intervention strategies. On the other hand, interventions aiming against atherosclerosis development or promoting plaque regression have gained attention in primary ASCVD prevention. Therefore, the potential role of drugs like statins, ezetimibe, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, omega -3 fatty acids, antihypertensive agents, as well as glucose -lowering and anti-inflammatory drugs are also discussed. Since findings regarding the efficacy of these interventions vary, further research is still required to elucidate their mechanisms of action, optimize treatment regimens, and determine their long-term effects on ASCVD outcomes. In conclusion, advancements in strategies addressing atherosclerosis prevention and plaque regression present promising avenues for enhancing primary ASCVD prevention through personalised approaches tailored to individual risk profiles. Nevertheless, ongoing research efforts are imperative to refine these strategies further and maximise their effectiveness in safeguarding cardiovascular health.
Resolvin D1: A key endogenous inhibitor of neuroinflammation; After the initiation of inflammation, a series of processes start to resolve the inflammation. A group of endogenous lipid mediators, namely specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators is at the top list of inflammation resolution. Resolvin D1 (RvD1), is one of the lipid mediators with significant anti-inflammatory properties. It is produced from docosahexaenoic acid (omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid) in the body. In this article, we aimed to review the most recent findings concerning the pharmacological effects of RvD1 in the central nervous system with a focus on major neurological diseases and dysfunctions. A literature review of the past studies demonstrated that RvD1 plasma level changes during mania, depression, and Parkinson's disease. Furthermore, RVD1 and its epimer, aspirin-triggered RvD1 (AT-RvD1), have significant therapeutic effects on experimental models of ischemic and traumatic brain injuries, memory dysfunction, pain, depression, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. Interestingly, the beneficial effects of RvD1 and AT-RvD1 were mostly induced at nanomolar and micromolar concentrations implying the significant potency of these lipid mediators in treating diseases with inflammation.
FUNCTION OF DIETARY POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN THE NERVOUS-SYSTEM; The brain is the organ with the second greatest concentration of lipids; they are directly involved in the functioning of membranes. Brain development is genetically programmed; it is therefore necessary to ensure that nerve cells receive an adequate supply of lipids during their differentiation and multiplication. Indeed the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) deficiency have been extensively studied; prolonged deficiency leads to death in animals. Linoleic acid (LA) is now universally recognized to be an essential nutrient. On the other hand, alpha-linolenic acid (ALNA) was considered non-essential until recently, and its role needs further studies.
Effect of <i>Hevea brasiliensis</i> seed meal or <i>Euphorbia</i> <i>heterophylla</i> seed supplemented diets on performance, physicochemical and sensory properties of eggs, and egg yolk fatty acid profile in guinea fowl (<i>Numida meleagris</i>); A total of 144 French selected breed (Galor) female guinea fowl (GF) of 42 wk of age were enrolled for a feeding trial of 15, 30, and 45 D duration. The birds were randomly assigned to 18 cages, each containing 8 birds. A total of 3 isonitrogenous and isocaloric dietary treatments were trialed, each diet comprising 6 replications (cages), which meant a total of 48 birds per diet. The GF were fed either a control diet C (commercial diet "FACI ponte 20", SIPRA, Ivory Coast, usually used for all poultry species) or the diet C supplemented with 5% Euphorbia heterophylla seeds (diet E) and the diet C supplemented with 5% Hevea seed meal (Hevea brasiliensis) (diet H). Animal performance were assessed for 3 periods (days 0 to 15, 0 to 30, and 0 to 45), and egg quality and composition were assessed at 15, 30, and 45 D of the trial. The results indicated no mortality during the trial. The laying rate was the highest (43.9%) with diet E and the lowest with diet C (32.5%), the laying rate with diet H being intermediate (38.5%). Diet E containing Euphorbia seeds led to a reduced cholesterol content of the eggs. Additionally, inclusion of Euphorbia seeds and, to a lesser extent, of the Hevea seed meal in the diet led to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched GF eggs, with thereby, improved nutritional value. A sensory test did not find any difference between the 3 diets on trial.
FISH-OIL CONCENTRATE - EFFECTS ON VARIABLES RELATED TO CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; Sixty-four male, healthy volunteers aged 35-45 y were randomly assigned to recieve (as 1-g capsules) either 14 g fish-oil concentrate/d (55% n -3 fatty acids) or 14 g olive oil/d for 6 wk. Plasma fibrinogen was reduced by 13% and serum triglycerides by 22% after fish-oil supplementation ended. Three weeks after supplementation ended both variables were back to baseline values. An appreciable increase in the ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid (EPA:AA) in plasma and red blood cell phopholipids occurred during the fish-oil intake. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and HDL2 activity tended to be lowered by fish-oil supplementation. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum cholesterol, .gamma.-glutamyltransferase, blood glucose, and monocyte low-density-lipoprotein receptor activity did not differ significantly between the two groups. The reduction in plasma fibrinogen concentration seems of special interest because this variable in several recent studies emerges  as a separate cardiovascular risk factor with a high predictive value.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in peripheral artery disease: the OMEGA-PAD trial; Despite current consensus guidelines recommending intensive cardiovascular risk factor management for peripheral artery disease (PAD), patients suffering from PAD continue to experience significant morbidity and mortality. This excess morbid burden is at least partially related to impaired vascular function and systemic inflammation. Interventions bridging this gap are critical. Dietary supplementation of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) has been shown to improve endothelial function and reduce inflammation in different cohorts, as well as to decrease cardiovascular events in secondary prevention trials in patients with coronary artery disease. Their effects in the PAD population are, however, less well understood. The OMEGA-PAD trial is a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial that examines the impact of a high-dose, short-duration dietary oral supplementation of n-3 PUFA on vascular function and inflammation in patients with established PAD. The purpose of this article is to provide a detailed description of the design and methods of the OMEGA-PAD trial, and a summary of baseline characteristics of the cohort. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01310270
Correlation between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma homocysteine concentration in vitamin B<sub>6</sub>-deficient rats; Background and aim: Vitamin B-6 as cofactor of Delta 6 desaturase is involved in polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism; moreover, it is a cofactor of the trans-sulfuration pathway of homocysteine. Some studies report that low concentrations of pyridoxine, by increasing homocysteine levels, are associated with coronary artery disease, and carotid and arterial lesions. The aim of this study was to verify whether different dietary amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids associated with tow content of vitamin B6 could modulate homocysteinemia.
Smoking Affects the Post-Stroke Inflammatory Response of Lipid Mediators in a Gender-Related Manner; The main goal of our study was to determine the effect of cigarette smoking on selected derivatives of arachidonic acid, linoleic acid, DHA, and EPA, which may be markers of post-stroke inflammation. The eicosanoid profile was compared in both smoking and non-smoking patients, without division and with division into gender. In the group of non-smokers, we observed higher levels of the linolenic acid derivative (LA) 9S HODE (p <= 0.05) than in smokers. However, after dividing the results by sex, it turned out that the level of this derivative was higher in non-smoking women compared to smoking women (p <= 0.01) and did not differentiate the group of men. Similarly, the level of the arachidonic acid metabolite LTX A4 (p <= 0.05) differed only in the group of women. In this group, we also observed a decreased level of 15S HETE in smoking women, but it was statistically insignificant (p <= 0.08). On the other hand, the level of this derivative was statistically significantly higher in the group of non-smoking women compared to male non-smokers. The group of men was differentiated by two compounds: TXB2 and NPD1. Male smokers had an almost two-fold elevation of TXB2 (p <= 0.01) compared with non-smokers, and in this group, we also observed an increased level of NPD1 compared with male non-smokers. On the other hand, when comparing female non-smokers and male non-smokers, in addition to the difference in 15S HETE levels, we also observed elevated levels of TXB2 in the group of non-smokers. We also analyzed a number of statistically significant correlations between the analyzed groups. Generally, men and women smokers showed a much smaller amount of statistically significant correlations than non-smokers. We believe that this is related to the varying degrees of inflammation associated with acute ischemic stroke and post-stroke response. On the one hand, tobacco smoke inhibits the activity of enzymes responsible for the conversion of fatty acids, but on the other hand, it can cause the failure of the inflammatory system, which is also the body's defense mechanism. Smoking cigarettes is a factor that increases oxidative stress even before the occurrence of a stroke incident, and at the same time accelerates it and inhibits post-stroke repair mechanisms. This study highlights the effect of smoking on inflammation in both genders mediated by lipid mediators, which makes smoking cessation undeniable.
Feed and animal nutrition: insect as animal feed; In the last ten years, insects have been widely recognized for food and feed. Many studies using insects (Black soldier fly, cricket and silkworm pupae) as feed to explore their nutritional value and apply it in some animal rations as an alternative source of protein and fat. Data showed that Black soldier fly (BSF) has high protein and fat, especially lauric acid which potential as an antibacterial pathogen. In vitro study showed that BSF extracted could phagocyte 99% of pathogen bacteria such as E coli and S aureus. Meanwhile, cricket has also high fat and protein, including glutamic acid for brain development, and mineral Fe has to support hemoglobin synthesis. Silkworm pupae contain 67.48% of unsaturated fatty acid with linoleic acid (omega 6) and linolenic acid (omega 3) which very good as a steroid hormone precursor. Application insects to substitute imported ingredients (Casein, fish, meat bone, and soybean meal) in poultry diets resulted in a good performance and the animal still healthy with low mortality. The BSF and cricket meal as part of milk replacer could produce ADG of pre-weaning goat/sheep around 100 -120 g/h/d, meanwhile if those ingredients are used as part of creep feed, the daily gain of post-weaning goat/sheep could be more than 150 g/h/d. Application of silkworm meal as a substitute for the fish meal could improve egg quality and quantity of laying quail. It was concluded that insects have the potential to be used as a protein source in the poultry and pre-weaning small ruminant rations without any negative effect on the animal.
The emerging role of oxylipins in thrombosis and diabetes; The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), the leading cause of death in the US, is predicted to increase due to the shift in age of the general population and increase in CVD risk factors such as obesity and diabetes. New therapies are required to decrease the prevalence of CVD risk factors (obesity and diabetes) as well as reduce atherothrombosis, the major cause of CVD related mortality. Oxylipins, bioactive metabolites derived from the oxygenation of polyunsaturated fatty acids, play a role in the progression of CVD risk factors and thrombosis. Aspirin, a cyclooxygenase-1 inhibitor, decreases atherothrombotic associated mortality by 25%. These potent effects of aspirin have shown the utility of modulating oxylipin signaling pathways to decrease CVD mortality. The role of many oxylipins in the progression of CVD, however, is still uncertain or controversial. An increased understanding of the role oxylipins play in CVD risk factors and thrombosis could lead to new therapies to decrease the prevalence of CVD and its associated mortality.
Macronutrient replacement options for saturated fat: effects on cardiovascular health; Purpose of reviewThe purpose of this review is to discuss macronutrient replacement options for saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to optimize cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk reduction.Recent findingsDietary recommendations advise decreasing SFAs. There is convincing evidence that replacing SFAs with unsaturated fat, both omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, reduces CVD risk. Monounsaturated fatty acid substitution for SFAs also decreases CVD risk. Replacing SFAs with refined carbohydrate does little to alter CVD risk, whereas whole-grain CHO or lean protein substitutions beneficially affect CVD risk.SummaryModifying the macronutrient composition of the diet by replacing SFAs with unsaturated fatty acids, as well as lean protein and carbohydrate from whole grains, all lower CVD risk. Research is needed to identify food sources of macronutrients that optimize CVD risk reduction.
Relationships between Atherosclerosis and Plasma Antioxidant Micronutrients or Red Blood Cell Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in People Living with HIV; Background: People living with human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) (PLWH) are at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Diet-related factors may contribute. The aim of this pilot study was to determine, in PLWH, the relationship between atherosclerosis assessed by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and (A) plasma antioxidant micronutrients and oxidative stress or (B) red blood cell polyunsaturated fatty acids (RBC PUFA), particularly long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA). Methods: (A) In a cross-sectional study, subjects had CIMT evaluated by high resolution carotid artery ultrasound. Plasma was collected for vitamin C, measured by spectrophotometry; and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol, retinol, and malondialdehyde-a marker of oxidative stress-using high pressure liquid chromatography and fluorescence spectrophotometry. (B) In a prospective cohort study, other subjects had RBC PUFA measured at baseline, using gas chromatography, and CIMT assessed at baseline and repeated after 2 years. Clinical data was also collected. Results: (A) 91 PLWH participated. Only alpha- and gamma-tocopherol levels were positively correlated with CIMT. In a multivariate analysis, age and systolic blood pressure were significantly associated with CIMT with gamma-tocopherol near significance (p = 0.053). (B) 69 PLWH participated. At baseline, docosahexaenoic acid (n-3 PUFA) and the ratio of docosahexaenoic acid to arachidonic acid (n-6 PUFA) were significantly and negatively correlated with CIMT. However, a multivariate analysis failed to detect a significant relationship either at baseline or 2 years after. Conclusion: In addition to age and systolic blood pressure, atherosclerosis assessed by CIMT might be associated with higher serum gamma-tocopherol levels. There was a non-significant association between CIMT and RBC n-3 PUFA or the ratio of n-3 to n-6 PUFA.
THE FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF NORTHERN-CANADIAN MARINE AND TERRESTRIAL MAMMALS; The low mortality from cardiovascular disease in Greenland Eskimos has been attributed to their consumption of diets rich in .omega.-3 fatty acids. These fatty acids are found in fish and marine mammal lipids. Whereas the fatty acid composition of several fish species has been documented, information is more limited on the mammals which feature significantly in the diets of many Arctic populations. This study investigated the fatty acid composition of commonly eaten marine mammals, as well as the polar bear and caribou. The tissue fatty acid composition was species-dependent, probably reflecting to some degree differences in feeding habits. The marine mammals and the amphibious polar bear, but not the caribou, contained substantial quantities of long chain .omega.-3 fatty acids. These studies further document the transfer of .omega.-3 fatty acids through the food chain to man and suggest that marine mammal and polar bear lipids are significant sources of .omega.-3 fatty acids.
Clinical applications of essential fats and linolenic acid: update 2000, comments and discussion; Small progress was made in resolving the major controversies regarding the use of essential fats. No significant study was conducted to determine the nutritional requirements for LA, ALA, or any of the EFA derivatives. We still know little about the desirable ratio of omega6/omega3 in the diet.
The Medi-RIVAGE study: reduction of cardiovascular disease risk factors after a 3-mo intervention with a Mediterranean-type diet or a low-fat diet; Background: Epidemiologic studies link Mediterranean-type diets to a low incidence of cardiovascular disease; however, few dietary intervention studies have been undertaken, especially in primary prevention.
Relationship between RBC Mercury Levels and Serum n3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Concentrations among Japanese Men and Women; Aims. To evaluate potential health risk and benefits of fish consumption, the association of fish consumption with total mercury levels in red blood cells (RBCs) and serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) concentrations was examined. Subjects and Methods. Study subjects were 269 Japanese (98 men and 171 women) living in a remote island of Kagoshima, and their blood was drawn in 1994. Results. Total mercury levels were related to weekly fish consumption among women (P = 0.035) but not among men (P = 0.643). However, serum EPA levels were not related to fish consumption in both women and men. In contrast, EPA levels in the high-density ipoprotein (HDL) fraction of the sera were significantly related to fish consumption (P values for men and women were 0.014 and 0.073, resp.). Interestingly, mercury levels were related to serum EPA levels and EPA in the HDL fraction of the sera (P = 0.001) among women (P = 0.005) but not among men. Sex differences in fish species consumed may be an explanation for the observed sex difference. Conclusion. Those findings suggest that the health benefit of fish consumption can be maximized by the careful selection of fish species consumed.
Maternal diet high in linoleic acid alters offspring fatty acids and cardiovascular function in a rat model; Linoleic acid (LA), an essential n-6 fatty acid (FA), is critical for fetal development. We investigated the effects of maternal high LA (HLA) diet on offspring cardiac development and its relationship to circulating FA and cardiovascular function in adolescent offspring, and the ability of the postnatal diet to reverse any adverse effects. Female Wistar Kyoto rats were fed low LA (LLA; 1 center dot 44 % energy from LA) or high LA (HLA; 6 center dot 21 % energy from LA) diets for 10 weeks before pregnancy and during gestation/lactation. Offspring, weaned at postnatal day 25, were fed LLA or HLA diets and euthanised at postnatal day 40 (n 6-8). Maternal HLA diet decreased circulating total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol in females and decreased total plasma n-3 FA in males, while maternal and postnatal HLA diets decreased total plasma n-3 FA in females. alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) and EPA were decreased by postnatal but not maternal HLA diets in both sexes. Maternal and postnatal HLA diets increased total plasma n-6 and LA, and a maternal HLA diet increased circulating leptin, in both male and female offspring. Maternal HLA decreased slopes of systolic and diastolic pressure-volume relationship (PVR), and increased cardiac Col1a1, Col3a1, Atp2a1 and Notch1 in males. Maternal and postnatal HLA diets left-shifted the diastolic PVR in female offspring. Coronary reactivity was altered in females, with differential effects on flow repayment after occlusion. Thus, maternal HLA diets impact lipids, FA and cardiac function in offspring, with postnatal diet modifying FA and cardiac function in the female offspring.
Dyslipidemia in Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) often have dyslipidemia along with other features of metabolic syndrome such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. The dyslipidemia in NAFLD is characterized by increased serum triglycerides, increased small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL nontype A) particles, and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. The pathogenesis of dyslipidemia in NAFLD is not well understood, but it is likely related to hepatic overproduction of the very low-density lipoprotein particles and dysregulated clearance of lipoproteins from the circulation. There is unequivocal evidence that cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of mortality in patients with NAFLD. Aggressive treatment of dyslipidemia plays a critical role in the overall management of patients with NAFLD. Statins are the first-line agents to treat high cholesterol and their dosage should be adjusted based on achieving therapeutic targets and tolerability. Although all statins appear to be effective in improving cholesterol levels in patients with NAFLD, there is more experience with atorvastatin in patients with NAFLD; furthermore, it is the only statin to date to show a reduced cardiovascular morbidity in patients with NAFLD. The risk for serious liver injury from statins is quite rare and patients with NAFLD are not at increased risk for statin hepatotoxicity. Omega-3 fatty acids are perhaps the first choice to treat hypertriglyceridemia because of their safety, tolerability, and efficacy in improving serum triglycerides, as well as their potential to improve liver disease.
Food neophobia associates with poorer dietary quality, metabolic risk factors, and increased disease outcome risk in population-based cohorts in a metabolomics study; Background: Food neophobia is considered a behavioral trait closely linked to adverse eating patterns and reduced dietary quality, which have been associated with increased risk of obesity and noncommunicable diseases.
Relation of Fish Oil Supplementation to Markers of Atherothrombotic Risk in Patients With Cardiovascular Disease Not Receiving Lipid-Lowering Therapy; Fish oil supplementation (FOS) is known to have cardiovascular benefits. However, the effects of FOS on thrombosis are incompletely understood. We sought to determine if the use of FOS is associated with lower indices of atherothrombotic risk in patients with suspected coronary artery disease (sCAD). This is a subgroup analysis of consecutive patients with sCAD (n = 600) enrolled in the Multi-Analyte, Thrombogenic, and Genetic Markers of Atherosclerosis study. Patients on FOS were compared with patients not on FOS. Lipid profile was determined by vertical density gradient ultracentrifugation (n = 520), eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid was measured by gas chromatography (n = 437), and AtherOx testing was performed by immunoassay (n = 343). Thromboelastography (n = 419), ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation (n = 137), and urinary 11-dehydrothromboxane B-2 levels (n = 259) were performed immediately before elective coronary angiography. In the total population, FOS was associated with higher eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid content (p <0.001), lower triglycerides (p = 0.04), total very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.002), intermediate-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.02), and AtherOx levels (p = 0.02) but not in patients on lipid-lowering therapy. Patients not on lipid-lowering therapy taking FOS had lower very low density lipoprotein cholesterol, intermediate-density lipoprotein cholesterol, remnant lipoproteins, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, AtherOx levels, collagen-induced platelet aggregation, thrombin-induced platelet-fibrin clot strength, and shear elasticity (p <0.03 for all). In clopidogrel-treated patients, there was no difference in ADP-induced aggregation between FOS groups. Patients on FOS had lower urinary 11-dehydrothromboxane B2 levels regardless of lipid-lowering therapy (p <0.04). In conclusion, the findings of this study support the potential benefit of FOS for atherothrombotic risk reduction in sCAD with the greatest benefit in patients not receiving lipid-lowering therapy. Future prospective studies to compare FOS with lipid-lowering therapy and to assess the independent effects of FOS on thrombogenicity are needed. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fatty acids and homocysteine levels in patients with recurrent depression: an explorative pilot study; Major depressive disorders (MDD) and cardiovascular disease are mutually associated. They share signs and symptoms of the "metabolic syndrome". Two observations that may be causally related with the metabolic syndrome and therefore with both MDD and cardiovascular disease are a decrease in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and a rise in plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels. Both the rise in tHcy and the decrease in omega-3 PUFAs may be associated with enhanced lipid peroxidation.
A novel cost-effectiveness model of prescription eicosapentaenoic acid extrapolated to secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases in the United States; Objective: Given the substantial economic and health burden of cardiovascular disease and the residual cardiovascular risk that remains despite statin therapy, adjunctive therapies are needed. The purpose of this model was to estimate the cost-effectiveness of high-purity prescription eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) omega-3 fatty acid intervention in secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases in statin-treated patient populations extrapolated to the US.Methods: The deterministic model utilized inputs for cardiovascular events, costs, and utilities from published sources. Expert opinion was used when assumptions were required. The model takes the perspective of a US commercial, third-party payer with costs presented in 2014US dollars. The model extends to 5 years and applies a 3% discount rate to costs and benefits. Sensitivity analyses were conducted to explore the influence of various input parameters on costs and outcomes.Results: Using base case parameters, EPA-plus-statin therapy compared with statin monotherapy resulted in cost savings (total 5-year costs $29,393 vs $30,587 per person, respectively) and improved utilities (average 3.627 vs 3.575, respectively). The results were not sensitive to multiple variations in model inputs and consistently identified EPA-plus-statin therapy to be the economically dominant strategy, with both lower costs and better patient utilities over the modeled 5-year period.Limitations: The model is only an approximation of reality and does not capture all complexities of a real-world scenario without further inputs from ongoing trials. The model may under-estimate the cost-effectiveness of EPA-plus-statin therapy because it allows only a single event per patient.Conclusion: This novel model suggests that combining EPA with statin therapy for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in the US may be a cost-saving and more compelling intervention than statin monotherapy.
Major diet-drug interactions affecting the kinetic characteristics and hypolipidaemic properties of statins; Concomitant administration of statins with food may alter statin pharmacokinetics or pharmacodynamics, increasing the risk of adverse reactions such as myopathy or rhabdomyolysis or reducing their pharmacological action. This paper reviews major interactions between statins and dietary compounds. Consumption of pectin or oat bran together with Lovastatin reduces absorption of the drug, while alcohol intake does not appear to affect the efficacy and safety of Fluvastatin treatment. Grapefruit juice components inhibit cytochrome P-4503A4, reducing the presystemic metabolism of drugs such as Simvastatin, Lovastatin and Atorvastatin. Follow-up studies on the therapeutic effect of statins in patients consuming a Mediterranean-style diet are necessary to assure the correct prescription because the oil-statin and minor oil compound-statin possible interactions have been only briefly studied. Preliminary study suggests that olive oil can increase the hypolipaemiant effect of Simvastatin with respect sunflower oil. The consumption of polyunsaturated rich oils, throughout the cytochrome P450 activation could decrease the half-life of some statins and therefore their hypolipaemic effects. The statins and n-3 fatty acids combined therapy gives rise to pharmacodinamic interaction that improves the lipid profile and leads greater cardioprotection. Although statins are more effective in high endogenous cholesterol production subjects and plant sterols are more effective in high cholesterol absorption efficacy subjects, plant esterols-statins combined therapy generates very positive complementary effects. This review ends suggesting possible diet-stain interactions that require further investigations (e.g. types of olive oils, fruit juices other than grapefruit, fibre or consumption of alcoholic beverages rich in polyphenols or ethanol).
Comparison of docosahexaenoic acid uptake in murine cardiomyocyte culture and tissue: Significance to physiologically relevant studies; Long-chain n-3 (or omega 3) fatty acids, namely docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) have been attributed cardioprotective properties.
Cardiovascular risk reduction with icosapent ethyl; Purpose of review Residual risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) persists even among patients with optimal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Randomized trials attempting to modulate other lipids beyond LDL-C have failed to demonstrate significant reductions in ischemic events. Recent findings Mounting evidence suggests that triglyceride elevation is an independent risk factor for ASCVD. Though trials of triglyceride-lowering therapy in the statin era have failed to provide protection from ASCVD events, subgroup analyses have revealed that those with the highest triglycerides at time of enrollment appeared to receive the greatest clinical benefit. REDUCE-IT was a trial that enrolled patients with high triglycerides despite having goal LDL-C levels on statin therapy. Treatment with icosapent ethyl, a highly purified omega-3 fatty acid (OM3FA), eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester, provided a 25% relative risk reduction for the primary composite cardiovascular endpoint (hazard ratio 0.75, 95% CI 0.68--0.83; P = 0.00000001), as well as a 30% relative risk reduction in total ischemic events (P = 0.00000000036). Icosapent ethyl was rigorously shown to decrease residual risk for cardiovascular events, though the benefits seen were likely because of mechanisms beyond mere triglyceride lowering. Clinical application of icosapent ethyl in this cohort of patients with residual risk is urgently needed.
Docosahexaenoic acid administration improves diabetes-induced cardiac fibrosis through enhancing fatty acid oxidation in cardiac fibroblast; Diabetes mellitus can lead to various complications, including organ fibrosis. Metabolic remodeling often occurs during the development of organ fi-brosis. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, shows great benefits in improving cardiovascular disease and organ fi-brosis, including regulating cellular metabolism. In this study, we investigated whether DHA can inhibit diabetes-induced cardiac fibrosis by regulating the metabolism of cardiac fibroblasts. Type I diabetic mice were induced by streptozotocin and after supplementation with DHA for 16 weeks, clinical indicators of serum and heart were evaluated. DHA administration significantly improved serum lipid levels, cardiac function and cardiac interstitial fibrosis, but not blood glucose levels. Subsequently, immunofluorescences, western blot and label-free quantitative proteomics methods were used to study the mechanism. The results showed that the anti-fibrotic function of DHA was achieved through regulating extracellular matrix homeostasis including ECM synthesis and degradation. Our research demonstrated DHA regulated the energy metabolism of cardiac fibroblasts, especially fatty acid oxidation, and then affected the balance of ECM synthesis and degradation. It suggested that DHA supplementation could be considered an effective adjuvant therapy for cardiac fibrosis caused by hyperglycemia. (c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary fat intake and microalbuminuria regression in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: role of unsaturated fatty acid consumption; Objectives: To evaluate the effects of a nutritional intervention based on the substitution of unsaturated fat (UFAs) for saturated fat (SFAs), into multifactorial intervention and irbesartan 300 mg/d in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients with persistent microalbuminuria. Research design and patients A population-based, interventional study of 46 T2D patients with persistent microalbuminuria (albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) > 30 in three first-morning urine samples during at least last year) in spite of multifactorial intervention, distributed in a control group (n=17) that continued in multifactorial treatment, and in a nutritional intervention group (n=29) receiving additionally a nutritional intervention replacing SFAs with nuts. Clinical and laboratory data, and soluble CD40 ligand and ACR were evaluated during 2 years in 6-month periods. Regression of microalbuminuria was defined as ACR < 30 in a 6-month period. Results: After 2-year follow-up period, 20 diabetic patients reverted to normoalbuminuria, 17 in the nutritional intervention group (29.3 patients 9 0 and year; 95% CI 28.2-30.4), and 3 in the control group (8.9 patients % and year; 95% CI 3.2-14.6). After multivariate logistic regression analysis, nutritional intervention shows a relative risk hazard ratio for regression of microalbuminuria of 3.5 (95% CI 2.4-4.7; p < 0.001) independently of age, gender, time of evolution, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, smoking status and biochemical variables. Conclusions The replacement of saturated by unsaturated fat from nuts increases microalbuminuria regression when it is added to the multifactorial intervention, The present nutritional intervention is simple, as well as successful, and might be considered for the treatment of diabetic patients with microalbuminuria. Obesity and Metabolism 2008; 4: 153-160.
Fish oil supplementation and risk of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation in patients with implantable defibrillators - A randomized controlled trial; Context Clinical studies of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have shown a reduction in sudden cardiac death, suggesting that omega-3 PUFAs may have antiarrhythmic effects.
Statin dose reduction with complementary diet therapy: A pilot study of personalized medicine; Objective: Statin intolerance, whether real or perceived, is a growing issue in clinical practice. Our aim was to evaluate the effects of reduced-dose statin therapy complemented with nutraceuticals.
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACIDS INFLUENCE SURVIVAL IN SEPSIS; Metabolites of arachidonic acid, formed from omega-6 essential fatty acids (n-6), play a pathologic role in mortality from sepsis. Metabolites of eicosapentaenoic acid, formed from omega-3 essential fatty acids (n-3), are less potent inflammatory mediators. Dietary restriction of n-6 fatty acids or supplementation with n-3 fatty acids in the form of fish oil have been shown to decrease the production of n-6 metabolites. Male Sprague-Dawley rats (350-400 g) were divided to receive either rat chow (CHOW) or essential-fatty-acid-deficient chow (EFAD) and subdivided to receive 1 mL daily of either fish oil (N3), linoleic acid (N6), or normal saline (NS), via gastric gavage. Two weeks later, half of the animals in each group underwent cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) to induce peritonitis or sham (SHAM) celiotomy. Survival was tabulated for 7 days. Survival was significantly decreased for animals undergoing CLP for both the N6 and NS groups but not for the N3 group. Omega-3 fatty acids as the sole essential fatty acids or as a supplement to a ''routine'' diet, when fed to rats for 2 weeks before a septic challenge, improved survival in this peritonitis model.
Rationale and design of REDUCE-IT: Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial; Residual cardiovascular risk persists despite statins, yet outcome studies of lipid-targeted therapies beyond low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) have not demonstrated added benefit. Triglyceride elevation is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular events. High-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduces triglyceride-rich lipoproteins without raising LDL-C. Omega-3s have postulated pleiotropic cardioprotective benefits beyond triglyceride-lowering. To date, no large, multinational, randomized clinical trial has proved that lowering triglycerides on top of statin therapy improves cardiovascular outcomes. The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT; NCT01492361) is a phase 3b randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of icosapent ethyl, a highly purified ethyl ester of EPA, vs placebo. The main objective is to evaluate whether treatment with icosapent ethyl reduces ischemic events in statin-treated patients with high triglycerides at elevated cardiovascular risk. REDUCE-IT enrolled men or women age >= 45 years with established cardiovascular disease or age 50years with diabetes mellitus and 1 additional risk factor. Randomization required fasting triglycerides >= 150 mg/dL and < 500mg/dL and LDL-C > 40mg/dL and 100mg/dL with stable statin (+/- ezetimibe) >= 4weeks prior to qualifying measurements. The primary endpoint is a composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, coronary revascularization, or unstable angina. The key secondary endpoint is the composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke. Several secondary, tertiary, and exploratory endpoints will be assessed. Approximately 8000 patients have been randomized at approximately 470 centers worldwide. Follow-up will continue in this event-driven trial until approximately 1612 adjudicated primary-efficacy endpoint events have occurred.
DHA Supplementation Attenuates MI-Induced LV Matrix Remodeling and Dysfunction in Mice; Objective. Myocardial ischemia and reperfusion (I/R) injury is associated with oxidative stress and inflammation, leading to scar development and malfunction. The marine omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are mediating cardioprotection and improving clinical outcomes in patients with heart disease. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation prior to LAD occlusion-induced myocardial injury (MI) confers cardioprotection in mice. Methods. C57BL/6N mice were placed on DHA or control diets (CD) beginning 7 d prior to 60 min LAD occlusion-induced MI or sham surgery. The expression of inflammatory mediators was measured via RT-qPCR. Besides FACS analysis for macrophage quantification and subtype evaluation, macrophage accumulation as well as collagen deposition was quantified in histological sections. Cardiac function was assessed using a pressure-volume catheter for up to 14 d. Results. DHA supplementation significantly attenuated the induction of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR-alpha) (2.3 +/- 0.4 CD vs. 1.4 +/- 0.3 DHA) after LAD occlusion. Furthermore, TNF-alpha (4.0 +/- 0.6 CD vs. 1.5 +/- 0.2 DHA), IL-1 beta (60.7 +/- 7.0 CD vs. 11.6 +/- 1.9 DHA), and IL-10 (223.8 +/- 62.1 CD vs. 135.5 +/- 38.5 DHA) mRNA expression increase was diminished in DHA-supplemented mice after 72 h reperfusion. These changes were accompanied by a less prominent switch in alpha/beta myosin heavy chain isoforms. Chemokine mRNA expression was stronger initiated (CCL2 6 h: 32.8 +/- 11.5 CD vs. 78.8 +/- 13.6 DHA) but terminated earlier (CCL2 72 h: 39.5 +/- 7.8 CD vs. 8.2 +/- 1.9 DHA; CCL3 72 h: 794.3 +/- 270.9 CD vs. 258.2 +/- 57.8 DHA) in DHA supplementation compared to CD mice after LAD occlusion. Correspondingly, DHA supplementation was associated with a stronger increase of predominantly alternatively activated Ly6C-positive macrophage phenotype, being associated with less collagen deposition and better LV function (EF 14 d: 17.6 +/- 2.6 CD vs. 31.4 +/- 1.5 DHA). Conclusion. Our data indicate that DHA supplementation mediates cardioprotection from MI via modulation of the inflammatory response with timely and attenuated remodeling. DHA seems to attenuate MI-induced cardiomyocyte injury partly by transient PPAR-alpha downregulation, diminishing the need for antioxidant mechanisms including mitochondrial function, or alpha- to beta-MHC isoform switch.
Fish and fatty acid consumption and the risk of hearing loss in women; Background: Acquired hearing loss is common and often disabling, yet limited prospective data exist on potentially modifiable risk factors. Evidence suggests that higher intake of fish and long-chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may be associated with a lower risk of hearing loss, but prospective information on these relations is limited.
A select review reporting the quality of studies measuring endothelial dysfunction in randomised diet intervention trials; A quality assessment of the primary studies reported in the literature carried out using SElect dietary ingredients (DI) purported to affect vascular endothelial function was conducted through a systematic PubMed SEarch from January 2000 to August 2012. A total of SEventy randomiSEd controlled trials with defined DI (folic acid (fifteen), n-3 fatty acids (twenty), cocoa (fifteen) and isoflavones (twenty)) and standardiSEd measures of vascular endothelial function were evaluated. Jadad scores, quality scoring parameters for DI and flow-mediated dilation (FMD) methodology uSEd were ascertained. A total of 3959 randomiSEd subjects, mean age 51 (SE 0.21) years (range 9-79 years), were repreSEnted in the dataSEt. The mean Jadad scores did not differ statistically among the DI studies, with the majority of the studies being of good quality. Higher DI quality scores were achieved by studies using the botanical ingredients cocoa and isoflavones than by thoSE using the nutrient ingredients folic acid and n-3 fatty acids. The mean DI quality scores were 4.13 (SE 0.34), 5.20 (SE 0.47), 6.13 (SE 0.41) and 6.00 (SE 0.59) for the folic acid, n-3 fatty acid, cocoa and isoflavone intervention studies, respectively (and significantly different). The mean Corretti FMD scores were 7.27 (SE 0.56), 7.46 (SE 0.79), 6.29 (SE 0.61) and 7.11 (SE 0.56) for the folic acid, n-3 fatty acid, cocoa and isoflavone intervention studies, respectively (NS). FMD studies failed to adequately describe the equipment uSEd and more than half failed to provide an adequate description of the procedures uSEd for vascular image acquisition and measurement. DI can be utiliSEd for dietary intervention studies; however, the methodology should be clearly reported using the guidelines for assessment for both DI and FMD.
An Update on Nutrients and Blood Pressure Summary of INTERMAP Study Findings; Adverse blood pressure (BP) is a major independent risk factor for epidemic cardiovascular diseases affecting almost one-quarter of the adult population worldwide. Dietary intake is a major determinant in the development and progression of high BP. Lifestyle modifications, including recommended dietary guidelines, are advocated by the American Society of Hypertension, the International Society of Hypertension, the Japanese Society of Hypertension, and many other organisations for treating all hypertensive people, prior to initiating drug therapy and as an adjunct to medication in persons already on drug therapy. Lifestyle modification can also reduce high BP and prevent development of hypertension. This review synthesizes results from the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP), a cross-sectional epidemiological study of 4,680 men and women aged 40-59 years from Japan, the People's Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, published over the past few years on cross cultural BP differences. INTERMAP has previously reported that intakes of vegetable protein, glutamic acid, total and insoluble fibre, total polyunsaturated fatty acid and linoleic acid, total n-3 fatty acid and linolenic acid, phosphorus, calcium, magnesium, and non-heme iron were inversely related to BP. Direct associations of sugars (fructose, glucose, and sucrose) and sugar-sweetened beverages (especially combined with high sodium intake), cholesterol, glycine, alanine, and oleic acid from animal sources with BP were also reported by the INTERMAP Study.
High-density lipoprotein cholesterol-raising strategies; There is a distinct inverse relationship between high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and cardiovascular disease risk. HDL-C mediates cholesterol efflux from the vasculature and promotes anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-thrornbotic effects. There are multiple lifestyle and therapeutic interventions that raise HDL-C, and there is increasing evidence that these interventions improve cardiovascular outcomes. Recent findings regarding the role of HDL-C in cholesterol metabolism offer new strategies designed to target atherosclerosis. This review highlights the utility of existing HDL-C-raising strategies and examines new potential therapies.
The Age-related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2) <i>Study Design and Baseline Characteristics</i> <i>(AREDS2 Report Number 1)</i>; Purpose: The Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS) demonstrated beneficial effects of oral supplementation with antioxidant vitamins and minerals on the development of advanced age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in persons with at least intermediate AMD (bilateral large drusen with or without pigment changes). Observational data suggest that other oral nutrient supplements might further reduce the risk of progression to advanced AMD. The primary purpose of the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2) is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of lutein plus zeaxanthin (L + Z) and/or omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) supplementation in reducing the risk of developing advanced AMD. The study also assesses the reduction in zinc and the omission of beta-carotene from original AREDS formulation.
Molecular changes in glaucomatous trabecular meshwork. Correlations with retinal ganglion cell death and novel strategies for neuroprotection; Glaucoma is a chronic neurodegenerative disease characterized by retinal ganglion cell loss. Although significant advances in ophthalmologic knowledge and practice have been made, some glaucoma mechanisms are not yet understood, therefore, up to now there is no effective treatment able to ensure healing. Indeed, either pharmacological or surgical approaches to this disease aim in lowering intraocular pressure, which is considered the only modifiable risk factor. However, it is well known that several factors and metabolites are equally (if not more) involved in glaucoma. Oxidative stress, for instance, plays a pivotal role in both glaucoma onset and progression because it is responsible for the trabecular meshwork cell damage and, consequently, for intraocular pressure increase as well as for glaucomatous damage cascade.
Dietary Lipids and Dyslipidemia in Chronic Kidney Disease; The progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) leads to altered lipid metabolism. CKD patients exhibit high blood triglyceride (TG) levels, reduced concentrations and functionality of high-density lipoproteins (HDL), and elevated levels of atherogenic small, dense, low-density lipoproteins (sdLDL). Disorders of lipid metabolism and other metabolic disturbances place CKD patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Extensive evidence supports the cardioprotective effects of unsaturated fatty acids, including their beneficial effect on serum cholesterol and TG levels. Dietary lipids might therefore be especially important in the nutritional management of CKD. We review current dietary recommendations for fat intake by CKD patients and suggest potential nutritional interventions by emphasizing dietary lipids that might improve the blood lipid profile and reduce cardiovascular risk in CKD.
Glioma Cell Death: Cell-Cell Interactions and Signalling Networks; The prognosis for patients with malignant gliomas is poor, but improvements may emerge from a better understanding of the pathophysiology of glioma signalling. Recent therapeutic developments have implicated lipid signalling in glioma cell death. Stress signalling in glioma cell death involves mitochondria and endoplasmic reticulum. Lipid mediators also signal via extrinsic pathways in glioma cell proliferation, migration and interaction with endothelial and microglial cells. Glioma cell death and tumour regression have been reported using polyunsaturated fatty acids in animal models, human ex vivo explants, glioma cell preparations and in clinical case reports involving intratumoral infusion. Cell death signalling was associated with generation of reactive oxygen intermediates and mitochondrial and other signalling pathways. In this review, evidence for mitochondrial responses to stress signals, including polyunsaturated fatty acids, peroxidising agents and calcium is presented. Additionally, evidence for interaction of glioma cells with primary brain endothelial cells is described, modulating human glioma peroxidative signalling. Glioma responses to potential therapeutic agents should be analysed in systems reflecting tumour connectivity and CNS structural and functional integrity. Future insights may also be derived from studies of signalling in glioma-derived tumour stem cells.
The Safety of Fish Oils for Those Whose Risk of Injury is High; A diet rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may decrease risk of cardiovascular disease by improving the blood lipid profile. The purpose of this review was to (1) determine if fish oil (omega-3) consumption increased the risk of hemorrhaging after a military injury and (2) whether an improvement in the omega-3 PUFA profile had an impact on survivability from military wounds. The authors found no evidence to contradict the existing U.S. Food and Drug Administration safety ruling that 3 g of omega-3 PUFA per day is generally regarded as safe. However, there is insufficient data with regard to the safety of consuming more than 3 g of omega-3 PUFA per day. More research is needed to safely recommend use of higher doses omega-3 PUFA.
Serum adiponectin and TNFα concentrations are closely associated with epicardial adipose tissue fatty acid profiles in patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery; Background: Epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) releases both adiponectin and TNF alpha, and these two adipokines play important roles in heart diseases such as coronary arterial disease. The aim of the present study was to clarify whether fatty acid (FA) profiles in EAT are linked to the serum concentration of these adipokines. The relationships between serum adipokine levels and FA profiles in patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery were analyzed.
Associations of erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acids with incidence of stroke and stroke types in adult Chinese: a prospective study of over 8000 individuals; Purpose There is limited and inconsistent evidence about the relationships of erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with stroke and stroke types, particularly in China where the stroke rates are high. We aimed to investigate the associations of different erythrocyte PUFAs with incidence of total stroke, ischemic stroke (IS), and intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) in Chinese adults. Methods In the prospective China Kadoorie Biobank, erythrocyte PUFAs were measured using gas chromatography in 10,563 participants who attended 2013-14 resurvey. After a mean follow-up of 3.8 years, 412 incident stroke cases (342 IS, 53 ICH) were recorded among 8,159 participants without prior vascular diseases or diabetes. Cox regression yielded adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for stroke associated with 13 PUFAs. Results Overall, the mean body mass index was 24.0 (3.4) kg/m(2) and the mean age was 58.1 (9.9) years. In multivariable analyses, 18:2n-6 was positively associated with ICH (HR = 2.33 [95% CIs 1.41, 3.82] for top versus bottom quintile, P-trend = 0.007), but inversely associated with IS (0.69 [0.53,0.90], P-trend = 0.027), while 20:3n-6 was positively associated with risk of IS (1.64 [1.32,2.04], P-trend < 0.001), but not with ICH. Inverted-U shape curve associations were observed of 20:5n-3 with IS (P-nonlinear = 0.002) and total stroke (P-nonlinear = 0.008), with a threshold at 0.70%. After further adjustment for conventional CVD risk factors and dietary factors, these associations remained similar. Conclusion Among relatively lean Chinese adults, erythrocyte PUFAs 18:2n-6, 20:3n-6 and 20:5n-3 showed different associations with risks of IS and ICH. These results would improve the understanding of stroke etiology.
Oral feeding with polyunsaturated fatty acids fosters hematopoiesis and thrombopoiesis in healthy and bone marrow-transplanted mice; Hematopoietic stem cells play the vital role of maintaining appropriate levels of cells in blood. Therefore, regulation of their fate is essential for their effective therapeutic use. Here we report the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in regulating hematopoiesis which has not been explored well so far. Mice were fed daily for 10 days with n-6/n-3 PUFAs, viz. linoleic acid (LA), arachidonic acid (AA), alpha-linolenic acid and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) in four separate test groups with phosphate-buffered saline fed mice as control set. The bone marrow cells of PUFA-fed mice showed a significantly higher hematopoiesis as assessed using side population, Lin-Sca-1(+)ckit+, colony-forming unit (CFU), long-term culture, CFU-spleen assay and engraftment potential as compared to the control set. Thrombopoiesis was also stimulated in PUFA-fed mice. A combination of DHA and AA was found to be more effective than when either was fed individually. Higher incorporation of PUFAs as well as products of their metabolism was observed in the bone marrow cells of PUFA-fed mice. A stimulation of the Wnt, CXCR4 and Notch1 pathways was observed in PUFA-fed mice. The clinical relevance of this study was evident when bone marrow-transplanted recipient mice, which were fed with PUFAs, showed higher engraftment of donor cells, suggesting that the bone marrow microenvironment may also be stimulated by feeding with PUFAs. These data indicate that oral administration of PUFAs in mice stimulates hematopoiesis and thrombopoiesis and could serve as a valuable supplemental therapy in situations of hematopoietic failure. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dyslipidemia in women: etiology and management; Dyslipidemia is highly prevalent among women. The management of dyslipidemia is a cornerstone in the prevention of both primary and secondary cardiovascular events, such as myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and coronary death. All major international guidelines on the treatment of dyslipidemia recommend similar approaches to the management of dyslipidemia in both men and women. Estrogen replacement therapy should not be considered as a therapeutic option for managing dyslipidemia in women. The reduction of atherogenic lipoprotein burden (reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol based on risk-stratified thresholds and treatment targets) provided the framework for managing dyslipidemia in the US, Europe, Canada, and elsewhere in the world. Very recently, new guidelines in the US have changed this paradigm, whereby rather than focusing on treatment targets, risk now defines the intensity of treatment with statin therapy, with no specific goals for what level of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol should be attained. It is not clear if this will lead to changes in lipid guidelines in other parts of the world. In the meantime, region-specific guidelines should be followed. Lipid lowering with statin therapy does correlate with reductions in cardiovascular event rates in women. The clinical impact of treating dyslipidemias in women with nonstatin drugs (eg, fibrates, nicotinic acid, bile acid-binding resins, omega-3 fish oils) is as yet not determined.
Analysis of Therapeutic Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid (n-3 PUFAs) on Cardiac Arrhythmias in ICD Patients: A Meta-analysis; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are known for antiarrhythmic effects. This study was designed to evaluate the effect of n-3 PUFA on cardiac arrhythmias patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) using systematic review and meta-analysis. The randomized controlled trials regarding the prevention or intervention of arrhythmias of n-3 PUFA in participants with ICD were retrieved from several databases. The outcomes, survival ratio, and adverse event data were applied to conduct the meta -analysis. Six eligible articles were included in this study. The pooled results demonstrated that n-3 PUFA did not reduce mortality (RR = 0.96, 95% CI 0.75, 1.23), cardiac death (RR = 0.63, 95% CI 0.35, 1.15), ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation (RR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.72, 1.03), and cardiac adverse effect (RR = 0.93, 95% CI 0.83, 1.04) of patients with ICD as compared with control. Subgroup showed there was no significant difference in survival ratio between two groups, regardless of ICD intervention times (within or over 1 year), ejection fraction scores (<= 40% or >40%), with or without a history of ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation. n-3 PUFA showed no beneficial roles on patients with ICD, and it wasn't supported to intake for certain subpopulations of patients with ICD.
Crystalline silica-induced proinflammatory eicosanoid storm in novel alveolar macrophage model quelled by docosahexaenoic acid supplementation; IntroductionPhagocytosis of inhaled crystalline silica (cSiO2) particles by tissue-resident alveolar macrophages (AMs) initiates generation of proinflammatory eicosanoids derived from the omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid (ARA) that contribute to chronic inflammatory disease in the lung. While supplementation with the omega-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may influence injurious cSiO2-triggered oxylipin responses, in vitro investigation of this hypothesis in physiologically relevant AMs is challenging due to their short-lived nature and low recovery numbers from mouse lungs. To overcome these challenges, we employed fetal liver-derived alveolar-like macrophages (FLAMs), a self-renewing surrogate that is phenotypically representative of primary lung AMs, to discern how DHA influences cSiO2-induced eicosanoids.MethodsWe first compared how delivery of 25 mu M DHA as ethanolic suspensions or as bovine serum albumin (BSA) complexes to C57BL/6 FLAMs impacts phospholipid fatty acid content. We subsequently treated FLAMs with 25 mu M ethanolic DHA or ethanol vehicle (VEH) for 24 h, with or without LPS priming for 2 h, and with or without cSiO2 for 1.5 or 4 h and then measured oxylipin production by LC-MS lipidomics targeting for 156 oxylipins. Results were further related to concurrent proinflammatory cytokine production and cell death induction.ResultsDHA delivery as ethanolic suspensions or BSA complexes were similarly effective at increasing omega-3 PUFA content of phospholipids while decreasing the omega-6 PUFA arachidonic acid (ARA) and the omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acid oleic acid. cSiO2 time-dependently elicited myriad ARA-derived eicosanoids consisting of prostaglandins, leukotrienes, thromboxanes, and hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids in unprimed and LPS-primed FLAMs. This cSiO2-induced eicosanoid storm was dramatically suppressed in DHA-supplemented FLAMs which instead produced potentially pro-resolving DHA-derived docosanoids. cSiO2 elicited marked IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, and TNF-alpha release after 1.5 and 4 h of cSiO2 exposure in LPS-primed FLAMs which was significantly inhibited by DHA. DHA did not affect cSiO2-triggered death induction in unprimed FLAMs but modestly enhanced it in LPS-primed FLAMs.DiscussionFLAMs are amenable to lipidome modulation by DHA which suppresses cSiO2-triggered production of ARA-derived eicosanoids and proinflammatory cytokines. FLAMs are a potential in vitro alternative to primary AMs for investigating interventions against early toxicant-triggered inflammation in the lung.
The relation between dietary intake and adipose tissue composition of selected fatty acids in US women; We compared fatty acid amounts in adipose tissue with fatty acid intake calculated from 2 separate weeks of diet recording and two food-frequency questionnaires for 140 participants in the Nurses' Health Study. Our results showed that the amounts of polyunsaturated and trans fatty acids in adipose tissue reflect dietary intake and confirm those of previous studies. The correlation between the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of adipose tissue and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake from the average of the two food-frequency questionnaires was 0.40; this correlation for trans fatty acids was also 0.40. Linolenic acid amounts in adipose tissue were also moderately correlated with intake from the average of the food-frequency questionnaires (r = 0.34). An estimate of trans fatty acid intake from vegetable sources correlated much more strongly with adipose trans fatty acids than did an estimate of trans fatty acids from animal sources. Adipose tissue aspirates can be used to indicate intake of exogenous fatty acids.
<i>In vitro</i> anticancer, antioxidant and enzyme inhibitory potentials of endemic <i>Cephalaria elazigensis</i> var. <i>purpurea</i> with <i>in silico</i> studies; In this study, the therapeutic potential and phytochemical composition of ethanolic extract of Cephalaria elazigensis var. purpurea (CE), an endemic species, were investigated. For this purpose, the antiproliferative effect of CE on the MCF-7 human breast cancer cell line was evaluated by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, and its effectiveness on colony formation and cell migration was analyzed with clonogenic assay and wound healing assay, respectively. In addition, the cell death detection ELISA (CDDE) assay was conducted to determine the pro-apoptotic capacity of CE. The IC50 value of the CE was determined as 324.2 +/- 14.7 mu g/mL. Furthermore, upon 1000 mu g/mL CE treatment, there was 4.96-fold increase in the population of cells undergoing apoptosis compared to the untreated control cells. The antioxidant activity tests were performed by DPPH free radical, ABTS cation radical, ferric-ion reducing power (FRAP) and ferrous-ion chelating power (FCAP) assays. Antioxidant activity values for the DPPH, ABTS and FRAP assays were found to be 125.6 +/- 6.3, 34.09 +/- 0.1 and 123.4 +/- 4.2 mu mol TE/mg DE, respectively. We further determined the effect of CE ethanolic extract against acetylcholinesterase (AChE) and butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE) enzymes. CE plays an effective inhibitory role in AChE and BuChE (AChE: IC50: 10.54 mu g/mL, BuChE: IC50: 6.84 mu g/mL) respectively. Further, molecular docking stuy was conducted to understand the nature of the all compound against AChE an BChE. It is revealed that alpha-Linolenic acid shows lowest binding energy (-7.90 kcal/mol) towards AChE, on the other side, Linoleic acid shows good binding affinity (-7.40 kcal/mol) for BChE.Communicated by Ramaswamy H. Sarma
CANCER DESTRUCTION INVIVO THROUGH DISRUPTED ENERGY-METABOLISM .2. LIPID-PEROXIDATION AND CELL-DEATH - DRUG-RESISTANCE AS A CONSEQUENCE OF REVERSIBLE CELLULAR INJURY; In the second part of this review of autoxidative cellular injury and death in tumor cells, the presence of saturated or polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamin E, and free or esterified cholesterol in whole cells and organelles is discussed in the context of enhancing or attenuating lipid peroxidation. The disposition of unsaturation within polyunsaturated fatty acid molecules is critical for tumor promotion, but the situation appears ambivalent with regard to inflicting cellular injury. Increases in lipid peroxidation and phospholipase A2 activity following on from the administration of hormones or non-cytotoxic drugs are considered from the viewpoint of generating hydroperoxyfatty acids and lysophosphatides, both of which disrupt mitochondrial energy production by uncoupling oxidative phosphorylation. The metabolic fate of lysophosphatides is thought to be a crucial factor both in determining whether cancer cells survive or not, and in furnishing protection for surviving cells against subsequent attack. Both energy-dependent and energy-independent mechanisms for acylating lysophosphatides are reviewed. The emergence of an unstable form of drug resistance during the recovery phase is interpreted in terms of the chemical identity of the new acyl groups on the acylated lysophospholipid. Resistance to further free radical challenge can be conferred by the regeneration of phospholipids bearing saturated or monoenoic 2-substituents which are unable to undergo peroxidation.
Seafood is Nutritional Gold for Seniors; Objectives
Mechanism of action of anti-hypercholesterolemia drugs and their resistance; Coronary artery disease is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. One of the significant causes of this disease is hypercholesterolemia which is the result of various genetic alterations that are associated with the accumulation of specific classes of lipoprotein particles in plasma. A number of drugs are used to treat hypercholesterolemia like statin, fibrate, bile acid sequestrants, niacin, ezetimibe, omega-3 fatty acids and natural extracts. It has been observed that these drugs show diverse response in different individuals. The present review explains the mechanism of action of these drugs as well as mechanism of its lesser effectiveness or resistance in some individuals. There are various identified genetic variations that are associated with diversity in the drugs response. Therefore, present study helps to understand the ethiology of drug mechanism and resistance developed against drugs used to treat hypercholesterolemia. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation in Infancy Reduces Heart Rate and Positively Affects Distribution of Attention; A double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel-group prospective trial was conducted to determine whether a dose-response existed for four different levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation on the cognitive performance of infants. A total of 122 term infants were fed one of four different formulas varying in their DHA composition (0.00, 0.32, 0.64, and 0.96% of total fatty acids as DHA) from birth to 12 mo. The three DHA-supplemented formulas also contained 0.64% of total fatty acids as arachidonic acid (ARA, 20:4n-6). Infants were tested at 4, 6, and 9 mo of age on a visual habituation protocol that yielded both behavioral and psychophysiological indices of attention. Infants in all DHA+ARA-supplemented conditions had lower heart rates than those in the unsupplemented condition; there was no dose-response for this effect. The distribution of time that infants spent in different phases of attention (a cognitive index derived from the convergence of behavioral and cardiac responses) varied as a function of dosage. Infants supplemented at the two lower DHA doses spent proportionately more time engaged in active stimulus processing than infants fed the unsupplemented formula, whereas infants fed the highest dose were intermediate and did not differ from any other group. (Pediatr Res 70: 406-410, 2011)
Is Postpartum Depression a Disease of Modern Civilization?; Access to calorie-dense foods, medicine, and other comforts has made modern humans healthier than our prehistoric ancestors in many respects. However, the epidemics of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease suggest that there are also drawbacks to modern living. Here, we address the question of whether the dramatic cultural changes that have occurred over the past century have inflated rates of postpartum depression, adding postpartum depression to the list of diseases of modern civilization. We review evidence from cross-cultural, epidemiological, and experimental studies documenting associations between postpartum depression and modern patterns of early weaning, diets deficient in essential fatty acids, low levels of physical activity, low levels of sun exposure, and isolation from kin support networks, all of which mark significant divergences from lifestyles believed to have been typical throughout human evolutionary history. This mismatch hypothesis of postpartum depression integrates research across diverse research areas and generates novel predictions.
LIPID-COMPOSITION OF LYSOSOMAL MULTILAMELLAR BODIES OF MALE-MOUSE URINE; Previous studies from our laboratory have shown that male C57BL/6J mice excrete into the urine multilamellar lysosomal bodies that contain specific neutral glycosphingolipids.  These mice excrete approximately 20-30% of their kidney glycolipids each day.  The significance and function of this secretion of multilamellar lysosomal organelles is unknown.  To characterize these excreted bodies further, we report here their neutral lipid and phospholipid composition.  The bodies were collected by differential centrifugation, extracted with chloroform-methanol, and lipids were fractionated into neutral lipids, glycolipids, and phospholipids.  The neutral lipids consisted primarily of cholesterol, dolichol, and ubiquinone.  The phospholipid fraction consisted primarily of a single molecular species of phosphatidylcholine.  This lipid which comprises more than 90% of the total phospholipids was found to contain 16:0 ether and C22:6 n-3 fatty acid as determined by gas-liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.  The glycosphingolipids as reported previously consisted primarily of galabiosylceramides and globotriaosylceramides.  This membrane lipid composition is different from any previously reported cellular organelle.
Protein kinase A is activated by the <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid in rat ventricular muscle; During cardiac ischaemia antiarrhythmic n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are released following activation of phospholipase A2, if they are in the diet prior to ischaemia. Here we show a positive lusitropic effect of one such PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in the antiarrhythmic concentration range in Langendorff hearts and isolated rat ventricular myocytes due to activation of protein kinase A (PKA). Several different approaches indicated activation of PKA by EPA (5-10 mu mol l(-1)): the time constant of decay of the systolic Ca2+ transient decreased to 65.3 +/- 5.0% of control, Western blot analysis showed a fourfold increase in phospholamban phosphorylation, and PKA activity increased by 21.0 +/- 7.3%. In addition myofilament Ca2+ sensitivity was reduced in EPA; this too may have resulted from PKA activation. We also found that EPA inhibited L-type Ca-2+ current by 38.7 +/- 3.9% but this increased to 63.3 +/- 3.4% in 10 mu mol l(-1) H89 (to inhibit PKA), providing further evidence of activation of PKA by EPA. PKA inhibition also prevented the lusitropic effect of EPA on the systolic Ca2+ transient and contraction. Our measurements show, however, PKA activation in EPA cannot be explained by increased cAMP levels and alternative mechanisms for PKA activation are discussed. The combined lusitropic effect and inhibition of contraction by EPA may, respectively, combat diastolic dysfunction in ischaemic cardiac muscle and promote cell survival by preserving ATP. This is a further level of protection for the heart in addition to the well-documented antiarrhythmic qualities of these fatty acids.
Supplementation of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and aerobic exercise improve functioning, morphology, and redox balance in prostate obese rats; The high-fat diet (HFD) stimulates an increase in lipids and can be prejudicial for harmful to prostatic morphogenesis. Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant action in some types of cancer. The combination of aerobic physical exercise and PUFA can be more effective and reduce the risk of death. The study evaluates the effects of aerobic physical exercise associated with omega-3 (fish and chia oils), on the ventral prostate of Wistar rats those fed with HFD. Here, we report that HFD modified the final body weight and the weight gain, decreased the expression of the androgen receptor and increased prostatic inflammation via TNF-alpha produced damage prostatic like intraepithelial neoplasia. The supplementation with fish oil decreases final body weight, reduced BCL-2 and inflammation compared to chia oil; aerobic physical exercise associated with fish oil reduced lipids circulant and prostatic, increased proteins pro-apoptotic expression and reduced IL-6 (p < 0.0001) and TNF-alpha potentiating the CAT (p=0.03) and SOD-1 (p=0.001) expression. Additionally, the chia oil increased the NRF-2 (p < 0.0001) and GSS (p=0.4) genes. PUFAs reduced the damage caused by excessive high-fat diet in the prostate so that there is greater effectiveness in omega-3 intake, it is necessary to associate with aerobic physical exercise.
Transcriptome and targeted hormone metabolome reveal the molecular mechanisms of flower abscission in camellia; IntroductionCamellia is among the most ornamentally valuable flowers and plants worldwide. Flower abscission typically causes significant financial losses by the horticultural landscape. Previous research has revealed that phytohormones, transcription factors, and other genes involved in floral development regulate the maintenance and mortality of flowers MethodsIn this study, for the first time, the transcriptomes and targeted hormone metabolomics of three developmental stages of the receptacles of two distinct camellia strains (CF: abscission strain, CHF: nonabscission strain) were analyzed to determine their roles in regulating blossom abscission in camellia. ResultsABA content was shown to be considerably upregulated throughout all phases of CF development, as were the genes implicated in the ABA production pathway and their downstream counterparts. Highly expressed genes in CF were involved in galactose metabolism, phenylpropanoid biosynthesis, amino and nucleotide sugar metabolism, pentose and glucuronate interconversions, and MAPK. Among others, highly expressed genes in CHF are associated with fructose and mannose metabolism, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, biosynthesis of secondary metabolites, starch and sucrose metabolism, and cutin, suberin, and wax biosynthesis. A vast variety of stress response-related pathways and redox-related activities were also shown to be active in CHF. In contrast, CF dramatically activated pathways associated with lignin production, keratinogenesis, cell wall biogenesis, and ABA response. A comparative transcriptomic study of the CF and CHF pathways revealed that the downstream response pathways of hormones, including CTK, BR, IAA, ethylene, and GA, were very active in CF, indicating a significant amount of signal transduction and transcriptional regulation by CF. In addition, members of the transcription factor family, such as MYB, bHLH, MADS, and WD40, may regulate flower abscission. DiscussionA comparative transcriptome analysis of two distinct strains of camellia receptacles elucidates the molecular processes and regulatory characteristics of flower abscission and provides direction for the targeted improvement and breeding of camellia.
Protocol for assessing if behavioural functioning of infants born &lt;29 weeks' gestation is improved by omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: follow-up of a randomised controlled trial; Introduction During the last trimester of pregnancy, the fetal brain undergoes a rapid growth spurt and accumulates essential nutrients including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). This takes place ex-utero for infants born <29 weeks' gestation, without the in-utero provisions of DHA. Infants born <29 weeks' are more likely to experience behavioural and emotional difficulties than their term-born counterparts. It has been hypothesised that supplementing preterm infants with dietary DHA may alleviate insufficiency and subsequently prevent or minimise behavioural problems. This protocol describes a follow-up of infants born <29 weeks gestation who were enrolled in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) of DHA supplementation. We aim to determine whether DHA supplementation improves the behaviour, and general health of these infants. Methods and analysis Infants born <29 weeks' gestation were enrolled in a multicentre blinded RCT of enteral DHA supplementation. Infants were randomised to receive an enteral emulsion that provided 60 mg/kg/day of DHA or a control emulsion commenced within the first 3 days of enteral feeding, until 36 weeks' postmenstrual age or discharge home, whichever occurred first. Families of surviving children (excluding those who withdrew from the study) from the Australian sites (up to 955) will be invited to complete a survey. The survey will include questions regarding child behavioural and emotional functioning, executive functioning, respiratory health and general health. We hypothesise that the DHA intervention will have a benefit on the primary outcome, parent-rated behaviour and emotional status as measured using the Total Difficulties score of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Detecting a 2-point difference between groups (small effect size of 0.25 SD) with 90% power will require follow-up of 676 participants. Ethics and dissemination The Women's and Children Health Network Human Research Ethics Committee reviewed and approved the study (HREC/16/WCHN/184). Results will be disseminated in peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations.
Can nutrition influence circadian rhythm and heart rate variability?; Recent studies indicate that there is an interaction between biorhythms, the biological clock and triggers, which may be important in the pathogenesis of altered heart rate variability (HRV) and blood pressure variability (BPV). Circadian rhythms are under the influence of, and physiological variables are mediated by the activation of the adrenals, sympathetic/parasympathetic, hypothalamic and pituitary activity. Emotional stress, physical exertion, sleep deprivation and large fatty meals are major triggers of myocardial ischemia, angina, infarction, sudden cardiac death (SCID) and stroke. These events have been reported to exhibit a circadian variation with increased frequency in the second quarter of the day, which has also been observed in our studies on Indians. Recent studies indicate that altered HRV and BPV are also important in the pathogenesis and progression of heart failure, atheroma and thrombosis. Mediation via beta-blockers, oestrogens, n-3 fatty acids, vitamin E and coenzyme Q10 and fasting appears to have a beneficial influence whereas progestins, nifedipine, stress and exercise may have an adverse effect on HRV and BPV. We have reported that plasma levels of vitamin E and C are lower in the second quarter of the day than at other times, indicating their role in the pathogenesis of variability and cardiac events. Prospective studies also indicate that HRV and BPV are important and independent risk factors for cardiovascular events. However, no study has yet been conducted in patients with abnormal HRV and BPV in a randomized, placebo-controlled intervention trial to find out whether improvement in variability can cause a significant reduction in cardiovascular events. There is a need to study the role of n-3 fatty acids, coenzyme Q10, the effect of regular physical training, medication and ACE inhibitors in patients with abnormal HRV and BPV to demonstrate that improving variability can modulate cardiovascular events. (C) 2001 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS.
Current evidence and future perspectives on <i>n</i>-3 PUFAs; The family of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which can be found in most lipid classes, includes n-3 PUFAs essential for mammals and whose deficiency is associated with multiple diseases. Because of their multiple physiological actions, n-3 PUFAs play a crucial role in normal human metabolism as well as maintenance of a healthy status, with clinical effects that are not limited to the cardiovascular system but also include maternal and offspring health, growth and development, immune system disorders, cancer, cognitive function and psychological status. Multiple health organisations and scientific societies recommend increasing food-derived n-3 PUFA intake and also suggest that patients with documented coronary heart disease receive a minimum of 1000 mg/day of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. The preventive and therapeutic effects of n-3 PUFAs appear to be largely dependent on the dosages employed and the characteristics of selected patients. So, in the era of personalised medicine, the time has come to move from generic advice to increase n-3 PUFA intake to a more evidence-based approach characterised by tailored indications to n-3 PUFA dietary or supplement consumption. This approach will require evaluation on a case-to-case basis the potential usefulness of n-3 PUFAs, taking into consideration their 'pleiotropic effects', the optimal dose for any given indication in relation to international guidelines, potential interactions with background therapy, possible side effects, differences in genetics and dietary response to supplementation, and the cost: benefit ratio, which is likely to vary as a function of differences in the range of fish intake in the diet. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Can sesame consumption improve blood pressure? A systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials; Hypertension is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, myocardial infarction, stroke and renal failure. Sesame consumption may benefit blood pressure (BP) owing to its high polyunsaturated fatty acid, fibre, phytosterol and lignan contents. To clarify this, a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials was conducted. The PubMed (MEDLINE), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) and Cochrane Library (Central) databases were systematically searched until August 2016. Eight controlled trials with a total of 843 participants met the eligibility criteria. A random effect meta-analysis showed that sesame consumption can reduce systolic BP (-7.83 mmHg, 95% CI: -14.12, -1.54; P < 0.05, I-2=99%) and diastolic BP (-5.83mmHg, 95% CI: -9.58, -2.08; P < 0.01, I-2=98%). To reduce the heterogeneity, the meta-analysis was limited to high methodology quality trials (n = 4), which resulted in a significant reduction in systolic BP (-3.23mmHg, 95% CI: -5.67, -0.79; I-2=33%) and a non-significant reduction in diastolic BP (-2.08mmHg, 95% CI: -4.85, 0.69; I-2=62%). This study concluded that sesame consumption can reduce systolic and diastolic BP. However, further investigations with larger sample sizes and better methodology quality are required to confirm the BP-lowering effect of sesame consumption. (c) 2017 Society of Chemical Industry
Association Between Vascular Calcification Scores on Plain Radiographs and Fatty Acid Contents of Erythrocyte Membrane in Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: Vascular calcification (VC) scores determined by using simple plain radiographic films are known to be associated with coronary artery disease and mortality in patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD). Omega-3 fatty acid (FA) has been shown to reduce ectopic calcifications in an animal model, and it has also been shown that erythrocyte membrane omega-3 FA content is an independent discriminator of coronary artery disease. The present study was designed to demonstrate relations between VC scores and erythrocyte membrane FA contents in patients undergoing HD.
Associations of habitual fish oil supplementation with cardiovascular outcomes and all cause mortality: evidence from a large population based cohort study; OBJECTIVES
Current Level of Fish Consumption is Associated with Mortality in Chinese but not US Adults: New Findings From Two Nationwide Cohort Studies With 14 and 9.8 Years of Follow-Up; Scope: Whether dietary fish consumption is linked to mortality remains unclear. We aim to investigate the association of fish consumption with mortality in Chinese and US nationwide populations.
The Impact of the Bellagio Report on Healthy Agriculture, Healthy Nutrition, Healthy People: Scientific and Policy Aspects and the International Network of Centers for Genetics, Nutrition and Fitness for Health; The Bellagio Report on Healthy Agriculture, Healthy Nutrition, Healthy People was the result of a meeting held at the Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Center in the fall of 2012. The meeting was science based but policy oriented. The Bellagio Report concluded that: (1) sugar consumption, especially in the form of high-energy fructose in soft drinks, poses a major and insidious health threat, particularly for children; (2) current diets in most populations, albeit with regional differences, are deficient in omega-3 fatty acids but too high in omega-6 fatty acid intake, and (3) not all calories are the same since calories from different sources (i.e. glucose or fructose or omega-6 or omega-3 fatty acids) have different metabolic and neurohormonal effects. This paper summarizes the scientific progress and policy actions that have occurred in these three areas. Genetic variation in populations and gene-nutrient interactions are fundamental concepts that need to be taken into consideration in growth and development and in the prevention and management of chronic noncommunicable diseases since there is enormous variation in both the frequency of genetic variants and dietary composition worldwide. Furthermore, this paper updates the Bellagio Report in terms of the scientific and policy aspects, both of which have expanded over the past 2 years, and describes the progress made in establishing an International Network of Centers for Genetics, Nutrition and Fitness for Health. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Function of Pro-Resolving Lipid Mediator Resolvin E1 n Type 2 Diabetes; Programming of inflammation resolution is governed by a class of specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators (SPMs) that act in concert to modulate epithelial, endothelial, and immune cell function for restoration of homeostasis. The resolution circuits are altered in obesity and associated morbidities, including type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), through reduced production and/or action of SPMs, which can be rescued by therapeutic SPM delivery or up-regulation of SPM receptors. Resolvin E1 (RvE1), an eicosapentaenoic acid derivative, has potent pm-resolving and insulin-sensitizing actions mediated by BLT1 and ERV1 receptors in the vasculature and metabolic organs. Nonetheless, the RvE1-mediated increase in protective adipokines such as adiponectin in white adipose tissues, the enhancement of monocyte patrolling function in the vascidature, as well as the macrophage-clearing functions improve metabolic control in obese-prone conditions. RvE1-enhanced resolving function in obesity prevents dysbiosis of the gut microflora and increased gut permeability. These functions suggest that RE1 has therapeutic potential for immunometabolic alterations associated with T2D in patients with reduced inflammation resolving capacity. SPM profiling in individuals at risk for T2D and associated complications will help to advance personalized disease management and precision medicine.
No <i>CFH</i> or <i>ARMS2</i> Interaction with Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Low versus High Zinc, or β-Carotene versus Lutein and Zeaxanthin on Progression of Age-Related Macular Degeneration in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 <i>Age</i>-<i>Related Eye Disease Study 2 Report No</i>. <i>18</i>; Purpose: To assess whether genotypes at 2 major loci associated with age-related macular degeneration (AMD), complement factor H (CFH), or age-related maculopathy susceptibility 2 (ARMS2), modify the response to oral nutrients for the treatment of AMD in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2).
Development of Fatty Acid Reference Ranges and Relationship with Lipid Biomarkers in Middle-Aged Healthy Singaporean Men and Women; Dietary fatty acids (FA) are essential for overall human health, yet individual FA reference ranges have yet to be established. Developing individual FA reference ranges can provide context to reported concentrations and whether an individual displays deficient, or excess amounts of FA. Reference ranges of sixty-seven individual FA (mu mol/L) were profiled and analyzed using gas chromatography with a flame ionization detector from serum samples collected from 476 middle-aged Singaporean males (BMI:23.3 +/- 2.9) and females (BMI:21.8 +/- 3.6). Measures of triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and total cholesterol (TC) (mmol/L) were also collected. The mean FA concentration seen in this cohort (11,458 +/- 2478 was similar to that of overweight North American cohorts assessed in past studies. Ten biologically relevant FA were compared between sexes, with females exhibiting significantly higher concentrations in four FA (p < 0.05). A multiple regression model revealed the ten FA contributed significantly to nearly all lipid biomarkers (p < 0.05). A majority of participants who had FA concentrations in the >= 95th percentile also exhibited TG, HDL, LDL, and TC levels in the "high" risk classification of developing cardiovascular disease. Future studies profiling individual FA reference ranges in many unique, global cohorts are necessary to develop cut-off values of individual FA concentrations highly related to disease-risk.
Role of circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases risk: analysis using Mendelian randomization and fatty acid genetic association data from over 114,000 UK Biobank participants; Background Despite early interest in the health effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), there is still substantial controversy and uncertainty on the evidence linking PUFA to cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). We investigated the effect of plasma concentration of omega-3 PUFA (i.e. docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and total omega-3 PUFA) and omega-6 PUFA (i.e. linoleic acid and total omega-6 PUFA) on the risk of CVDs using Mendelian randomization. Methods We conducted the largest genome-wide association study (GWAS) of circulating PUFA to date including a sample of 114,999 individuals and incorporated these data in a two-sample Mendelian randomization framework to investigate the involvement of circulating PUFA on a wide range of CVDs in up to 1,153,768 individuals of European ancestry (i.e. coronary artery disease, ischemic stroke, haemorrhagic stroke, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, peripheral arterial disease, aortic aneurysm, venous thromboembolism and aortic valve stenosis). Results GWAS identified between 46 and 64 SNPs for the four PUFA traits, explaining 4.8-7.9% of circulating PUFA variance and with mean F statistics >100. Higher genetically predicted DHA (and total omega-3 fatty acids) concentration was related to higher risk of some cardiovascular endpoints; however, these findings did not pass our criteria for multiple testing correction and were attenuated when accounting for LDL-cholesterol through multivariable Mendelian randomization or excluding SNPs in the vicinity of the FADS locus. Estimates for the relation between higher genetically predicted linoleic acid (and total omega-6) concentration were inconsistent across different cardiovascular endpoints and Mendelian randomization methods. There was weak evidence of higher genetically predicted linoleic acid being related to lower risk of ischemic stroke and peripheral artery disease when accounting by LDL-cholesterol. Conclusions We have conducted the largest GWAS of circulating PUFA to date and the most comprehensive Mendelian randomization analyses. Overall, our Mendelian randomization findings do not support a protective role of circulating PUFA concentration on the risk of CVDs. However, horizontal pleiotropy via lipoprotein-related traits could be a key source of bias in our analyses.
Estrogenic botanical supplements, health-related quality of life, fatigue, and hormone-related symptoms in breast cancer survivors: a HEAL study report; Background: It remains unclear whether estrogenic botanical supplement (EBS) use influences breast cancer survivors' health-related outcomes.
Remodeling of lipid bodies by docosahexaenoic acid in activated microglial cells; Background: Organelle remodeling processes are evolutionarily conserved and involved in cell functions during development, aging, and cell death. Some endogenous and exogenous molecules can modulate these processes. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, has mainly been considered as a modulator of plasma membrane fluidity in brain development and aging, while DHA's role in organelle remodeling in specific neural cell types at the ultrastructural level remains largely unexplored. DHA is notably incorporated into dynamic organelles named lipid bodies (LBs). We hypothesized that DHA could attenuate the inflammatory response in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-activated microglia by remodeling LBs and altering their functional interplay with mitochondria and other associated organelles.
The effect of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipoic acid on the heart in the ovariectomized rat model of menopause; Menopause occurs as consequence of ovarian senescence that leads to a drop of oestrogen hormone. The decreased oestrogen levels combined with the impairment of the redox system may contribute to the increased risk of postmenopausal cardiovascular disease. Supplementation with antioxidants may be an alternative to reduce cardiovascular risk. The study evaluated the effect of dietary supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and alpha-lipoic acid (LA) for a period of 16 weeks on oxidative stress biomarkers in the hearts of ovariectomized 3-month-old rats. Ovariectomy did not increase the level of the damage markers malondialdehyde and carbonyl, and both were decreased by LA supplementation. Ovariectomy increased the levels of the endogenous antioxidants glutathione, vitamin C and H2O2 consumption, after restoration by DHA, EPA, and LA supplementation. Vitamin E, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione-S-transferase, and superoxide dismutase are not altered by ovariectomy. Lipid and protein damage are not increased after ovariectomy and a portion of the endogenous antioxidants concomitantly increased, suggesting that hearts may be protected by these antioxidants. DHA, EPA, and LA restored these endogenous antioxidants, showing that all evaluated supplements are effective in modulating the antioxidant redox system in the heart. LA showed additional effect on redox markers, decreasing lipid and protein damage markers.
Effect of age and dietary habits on Red Blood Cell membrane fatty acids in a Southern Europe population (Basque Country); The levels of blood eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are very variable and, in general, low in most of the world population. In this study, the effects of age, sex, COVID-19, and dietary habits on the lipid profile of the erythrocyte membranes were assessed in a sub-cohort of healthy population (N = 203) from a large cohort of individuals from the Basque Country, Spain, (AKRIBEA). Sex did not have an effect on RBC lipid profile. COVID-19 infected participants showed higher levels of DGLA. Oldest participants showed higher oleic acid, EPA and DHA levels. Arachidonic acid in RBC correlated positively with the intake of sunflower oil, butter, eggs, processed and red meat, whereas DHA and EPA correlated positively with oily and lean fish. Basque Country population showed lipid profiles similar to other high fish consuming countries, such as Italy and Japan. Baseline levels of the whole lipidomic profile of the RBC including SFA, MUFA and PUFA should be examined to obtain a better description of the health and nutritional status.
Arachidonate 5-Lipoxygenase Gene Variants Affect Response to Fish Oil Supplementation by Healthy African Americans; Arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase (ALOX5) gene variants that are common in people of African ancestry are associated with a differential cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk that may be ameliorated by intake of (n-3) PUFA, such as EPA or DHA. We conducted a double-masked, placebo (PL)-controlled trial of fish oil (FO) supplements to determine if changes in erythrocyte (n-3) PUFA composition, heart rate, blood pressure, and plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations are modified by genotype. Participants received 5 g/d FO (2 g EPA, 1 g DHA) or 5 g/d corn/soy oil (PL). A total of 116 healthy adults of African ancestry with selected genotypes (genotypes = "dd," "d5," and "55" with "d" representing the deletion of 1 or 2 Sp1 binding sites in the ALOX5 promoter and "5" indicating the common allele with 5 sites) were enrolled and 98 completed the study. FO caused significant increases (relative to PL) in erythrocyte EPA, DHA, and total (n-3) PUPA and a decrease in the (n-6) PUFA:(n-3) PUFA ratio in the low-CVD risk "d5" and "55" genotypes but not in the high-risk "dd" genotype. Similarly, HDL particle concentration decreased with FO relative to PL in the "d5" and "55" but not "dd" genotypes. The plasma TG concentration decreased significantly with FO relative to PL in the "d5" but not "dd" and "55" genotypes. No changes were seen in LDL particle or cholesterol concentrations, heart rate, or blood pressure. These findings indicate that the efficacy of FO supplements vary by ALOX5 genotype. J. Nutr. 142: 1417-1428, 2012.
Effects of gamma-linolenic acid and arachidonic acid on cell cycle progression and apoptosis induction in normal and transformed cells; The effects of arachidonic acid (AA) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) on cell cycle progression and apoptosis induction, using flow cytometry, were compared on normal human skin fibroblasts, strain HSF43 with wild type (wt) p53, large T antigen transformed HSF43 cells (line E8T4) with non functional p53, and on two lymphoblast cell lines, TK6 with wt p53 and WTK1 with mutant p53. AA and GLA caused similar dose (50, 75 and 100 mu g/ml AA and GLA) and time dependent (24 and 48 h) induction of apoptosis in each cell line. The degrees of the response of the four cell lines were, however, different. The normal HSF43 cells were most resistant against apoptosis induction and the WTK1 cells most susceptible. The apoptosis induction appeared to be independent of functional p53. Cell cycle progression was also similarly affected by AA and GLA in the two cell types. In the fibroblast type cells (HSF43 and E8T4) S- and G(2)/M-phase arrests were evident after 48 h exposure to AA and GLA, and in the lymphoblast cell lines (TK6 and WTK1) the cells were arrested in the G(1)-phase.
Association of Dietary Fatty Acid Intake With Glaucoma in the United States; IMPORTANCE Identifying whether an association exists between daily dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption and the prevalence of glaucoma in the United States may provide modifiable dietary risk factors for the development of glaucoma.
Risk of post-procedural bleeding in children on intravenous fish oil; Background: Intestinal failure-associated liver disease (IFALD) can be treated with parenteral fish oil (FO) monotherapy, but practitioners have raised concerns about a potential bleeding risk. This study aims to describe the incidence of clinically significant post-procedural bleeding (CSPPB) in children receiving FO monotherapy.
The Role of Nutraceuticals in the Optimization of Lipid-Lowering Therapy in High-Risk Patients with Dyslipidaemia; Purpose of Review We aimed to summarize recent guidelines, position papers, and high-quality clinical research relating the use of nutraceuticals in the management of individuals at high risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Recent Findings It is essential that individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease receive guideline-directed evidence-based therapies to reduce their risk of morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular events. Compared with conventional therapeutics, nutraceuticals have undergone relatively little investigation in randomized controlled trials. Thus, recommendations for nutraceuticals in international guidelines are rare, and nutraceuticals should not be used preferentially in place of statins. Nevertheless, recent position papers from the International Lipid Expert Panel and clinical evidence from studies of triglyceride reduction by polyunsaturated fatty acid administration demonstrate that nutraceuticals do have an important role in optimizing therapy in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease. Roles for nutraceuticals include as follows: (1) managing residual risk associated with lipids other than low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C); (2) managing non-lipid-mediated residual risk; (3) optimizing LDL-C treatment in statin intolerance; (4) optimizing LCL-C treatment when add-on therapies for statins are not available; (5) as adjuncts to lifestyle for individuals at high lifetime risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). The strength of evidence for each of these applications is variable. In addition to guideline-directed therapeutics, nutraceuticals may have roles in optimizing preventative therapy and targeting residual risk in individuals at high risk of ASCVD. Application of Good Manufacturing Practice and randomized controlled trials when producing and evaluating nutraceuticals will expand the armoury of evidence-based agents for the prevention of ASCVD.
Circulating Metabolites Associated with Albuminuria in a Hispanic/Latino Population; Background Albuminuria is associated with metabolic abnormalities, but these relationships are not well understood. We studied the association of metabolites with albuminuria in Hispanic/Latino people, a population with high risk for metabolic disease.
Fatty Acid Levels and Their Inflammatory Metabolites Are Associated with the Nondipping Status and Risk of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome in Stroke Patients; Background: This paper discusses the role of inflammation in the pathogenesis of nondipping blood pressure and its role in the pathogenesis of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. The aim of the study was to assess the impact of free fatty acids (FAs) and their inflammatory metabolites on the nondipping phenomenon and the risk of sleep apnea in stroke patients. Methods: Sixty-four ischemic stroke patients were included in the prospective study. Group I consisted of 33 patients with a preserved physiological dipping effect (DIP), while group II included 31 patients with the nondipping phenomenon (NDIP). All subjects had FA gas chromatography and inflammatory metabolite measurements performed with the use of liquid chromatography, their 24 h blood pressure was recorded, and they were assessed with the Epworth sleepiness scale (ESS). Results: In the nondipping group a higher level of C16:0 palmitic acid was observed, while lower levels were observed in regard to C20:0 arachidic acid, C22:0 behenic acid and C24:1 nervonic acid. A decreased leukotriene B4 level was recorded in the nondipping group. None of the FAs and derivatives correlated with the ESS scale in the group of patients after stroke. Correlations were observed after dividing into the DIP and NDIP groups. In the DIP group, a higher score of ESS was correlated with numerous FAs and derivatives. Inflammation of a lower degree and a higher level of anti-inflammatory mediators from EPA and DHA acids favored the occurrence of the DIP. A high level of C18: 3n6 gamma linoleic acid indicating advanced inflammation, intensified the NDIP effect. Conclusions: We demonstrated potential novel associations between the FA levels and eicosanoids in the pathogenesis of the nondipping phenomenon. There are common connections between fatty acids, their metabolites, inflammation, obstructive sleep apnea syndrome and nondipping in stroke patients.
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids fail to reduce prostate tumorigenesis in the PB-ErbB-2 x Pten<SUP>+/-</SUP> preclinical mouse model; Diet and obesity, and their associated metabolic alterations, are some of the fastest-growing causes of disease and death in America. Findings from epidemiological studies correlating obesity, the sources of dietary fat and prostate cancer (PCa) are conflicting. We have previously shown that 15% of PB-ErbB-2 x pten(+/-) mice developed PCa and exhibited increased phosphorylated 4E-BP1, but not the key PI3-kinase intermediary phospho-protein, mTOR, when maintained on unrefined mouse chow.
<i>Trans</i>-fatty acids andmortality in patients referred for coronary angiography: the Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study; Aims
Oleate-Induced Beta Cell Dysfunction and Apoptosis: A Proteomic Approach to Glucolipotoxicity by an Unsaturated Fatty Acid; High levels of fatty acids contribute to loss of functional beta cell mass in type 2 diabetes, in particular in combination with high glucose levels. The aim of this study was to elucidate the role of the unsaturated free fatty acid oleate in glucolipotoxicity and to unravel the molecular pathways involved. INS-1E cells were exposed to 0.5 mM oleate, combined or not with 25 mM glucose, for 24 h. Protein profiling of INS-1E cells was done by 2D-DIGE, covering pH ranges 4-7 and 6-9 (n = 4). Identification of differentially expressed proteins (P < 0.05) was based on MALDI-TOF analysis using Peptide Mass Fingerprint (PMF) and fragmentation (MS/MS) of the most intense peaks of PMF and proteomic results were confirmed by functional assays. Oleate impaired glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and decreased insulin content. 2D-DIGE analysis revealed 53 and 54 differentially expressed proteins for oleate and the combination of oleate and high glucose, respectively. Exposure to oleate down-regulated chaperones, hampered insulin processing and ubiquitin-related proteasomal degradation, and induced perturbations in vesicle transport and budding. In combination with high glucose, shunting of excess amounts of glucose toward reactive oxygen species production worsened beta cell death. The present findings provide new insights in oleate-induced beta cell dysfunction and identify target proteins for preservation of functional beta cell mass in type 2 diabetes.
Prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study on safety and tolerability of the krill powder product in overweight subjects with moderately elevated blood pressure; BackgroundKrill powder is rich in bioactive ingredients such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), phospholipids, protein and astaxanthin. Containing dominantly EPA, it is considered to be effective in lowering lipids, foremost serum triglycerides and LDL cholesterol. Krill-derived protein hydrolysates/peptides may have positive effect on blood pressure and astaxanthin has anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties. Thus, krill powder has a lot of potential in improving lipid and metabolic profile and reinforcing the activity of the antioxidant system. However, randomized clinical trials on krill powder are scarce and systematic data of krill meal on human safety is limited. Some of the earlier studies have reported several, non-serious adverse events, mostly related to gastrointestinal tract, but systematic sufficiently powered study on safety is lacking. The aim of this study was to collect data on safety and tolerability of krill powder in humans and simultaneously gain efficacy data by measuring the risk factors for cardiovascular disease.MethodsThe study was a randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled intervention study with 35 overweight subjects with mildly or moderately elevated blood pressure, who took 4g krill oil powder or 4g of placebo during an 8-week follow-up period. The study consisted of a pre-screening, screening, day 0 baseline (randomization visit) and three follow-up visits on days 14, 28 and 56. The reported adverse events in the groups were compared as primary endpoint and haematological safety parameters and changes in systolic and diastolic pressure and blood total and lipoprotein lipids were measured as secondary end points.ResultsThere were in total 80 reported adverse events during the follow-up; 50 in placebo and 30 in krill powder group. Gastrointestinal symptoms (flatulence, heartburn and diarrhea) were the most commonly reported among those probably related to the test products. No serious adverse events were reported. The mean value of all measured hematology variables remained within the reference values in all study subject and no significant changes were observed in blood pressure or lipid values.ConclusionsThe results seem to indicate that using krill powder as a source for EPA and DHA is safe in therapeutic dose and the risk of adverse events, let alone serious ones, is low.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03112083, retrospectively registered.
Cardioprotection by Cocoa Polyphenols and-3 Fatty Acids: A Disease-Prevention Perspective on Aging-Associated Cardiovascular Risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death today. Many of the biochemical alterations associated with the pathophysiology of CVD can be modified by adequate intakes of bioactive nutrients through a correct diet or supplementation. Recently, there has been growing public and clinical interest in cocoa polyphenols (CPs) and omega-3 (-3) fatty acids. A plethora of nutritional intervention trials and experimental studies demonstrates that consumption of these bioactive food compounds is beneficial to promote cardiovascular health. The purpose of this review is to summarize the major cardioprotective effects of CPs and -3 fatty acids, providing a scientific rationale for incorporating the combination of these molecules as a nutritional intervention in the prevention of CVD. Although several studies have shown the individual cardioprotective nature of these compounds, a combination treatment with CPs and -3 fatty acids may be a promising approach to enhance the preventive value of these molecules and reduce cardiovascular risk factors associated with aging. Therefore, this article also reviews some of the key studies on the interaction between CPs and the metabolism of -3 fatty acids.
EFFECTS OF RGH-2202 ON BEHAVIORAL DEFICITS AFTER FOCAL CEREBRAL-ISCHEMIA IN RATS; We investigated the effects of RGH-2202, {posatirelin, (-)-(2S)-N-[(1S)-1-[[(2S)-2-carbamoyl-1-pyrrolidinyl[carbonyl]-3-methylbutyl]-6-oxopipecolamide}, a thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) analog, on behavioral changes during a chronic phase of focal ischemia in rats in comparison with the parent peptide. The left middle cerebral artery (MCA) was occluded under halothane anesthesia, and the subsequent behavioral changes were observed for 35 days. RGH-2202 (1, 3, and 10 mg/kg) and TRH (10 mg/kg) were given IP just after the operation and afterward once a day for 14 days. MCA-occluded rats exhibited neurologic symptoms including hemiplegia and abnormal posture and disturbance of passive avoidance learning during the entire 35-day observation period. The repeated treatment with either peptides improved the neurologic and cognitive deficits. In addition, a recovery from deficits was still advanced after discontinuation of the drug treatment. In these effects, RGH-2202 was about three times more potent than TRH. Neural tissue damage in drug-treated groups, measured by omega(3) binding site densities 35 days after MCA occlusion, was inclined to be less than-that in the vehicle-treated group. These results suggest that appropriate treatment with RGH-2202 may be useful in the treatment of functional disturbances after focal cerebral ischemia.
Changes in lipoprotein particle subclasses, standard lipids, and apolipoproteins after supplementation with n-3 or n-6 PUFAs in abdominal obesity: A randomized double-blind crossover study; Background & aims: Marine-derived omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), mainly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), lower circulating levels of triacylglycerols (TAGs), and the plant-derived omega-6 (n-6) PUFA linoleic acid (LA) may reduce cholesterol levels. Clinical studies on effects of these dietary or supplemental PUFAs on other blood fat fractions are few and have shown conflicting results. This study aimed to determine effects of high-dose supplemental n-3 (EPA + DHA) and n-6 (LA) PUFAs from high-quality oils on circulating lipoprotein subfractions and standard lipids (primary outcomes), as well as apolipoproteins, fatty acids, and glycemic control (secondary outcomes), in females and males with abdominal obesity. Methods: This was a randomized double-blind crossover study with two 7-wk intervention periods separated by a 9-wk washout phase. Females (n = 16) were supplemented with 3 g/d of EPA + DHA (TAG fish oil) or 15 g/d of LA (safflower oil), while males (n = 23) received a dose of 4 g/d of EPA + DHA or 20 g/ d of LA. In fasting blood samples, we investigated lipoprotein particle subclasses by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, as well as standard lipids, apolipoproteins, fatty acid profiles, and glucose and insulin. Data were analyzed by linear mixed-effects modeling with 'subjects' as the random factor. Results: The difference between interventions in relative change scores was among the lipoprotein subfractions significant for total very-low-density lipoproteins (VLDLs) (n-3 vs. n-6: -38%* vs. +16%, p < 0.001; *: significant within-treatment change score), large VLDLs (-58%* vs. -0.91%, p < 0.001), small VLDLs (-57%* vs. +41%*, p < 0.001), total low-density lipoproteins (LDLs) (+5.8%* vs. -4.3%*, p = 0.002), large LDLs (+23%* vs. -2.1%, p = 0.004), total high-density lipoproteins (HDLs) (-6.0%* vs. +3.7%, p < 0.001), large HDLs (+11%* vs. -5.3%, p = 0.001), medium HDLs (-24%* vs. +6.2%, p = 0.030), and small HDLs (-9.9%* vs. +9.6%*, p = 0.002), and among standard lipids for TAGs (-16%* vs. -2.6%, p = 0.014), non-esterified fatty acids (-19%* vs. +5.5%, p = 0.033), and total cholesterol (-0.28% vs. -4.4%*, p = 0.042). A differential response in relative change scores was also found for apolipoprotein (apo)B (+0.40% vs. -6.0%*, p = 0.008), apoA-II (-6.0%* vs. +1.5%, p = 0.001), apoC-II (-11%* vs. -1.7%, p = 0.025), and apoE (+3.3% vs. -3.8%, p = 0.028). Conclusions: High-dose supplementation of high-quality oils with n-3 (EPA + DHA) or n-6 (LA) PUFAs was followed by reductions in primarily TAG- or cholesterol-related markers, respectively. The responses after both interventions point to changes in the lipoprotein-lipid-apolipoprotein profile that have been associated with reduced cardiometabolic risk, also among people with TAG or LDL-C levels within the normal range. Registration: Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02647333. Clinical trial registration: Registered at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02647333.
Widely-targeted quantitative lipidomics method by supercritical fluid chromatography triple quadrupole mass spectrometry; Lipidomics, the mass spectrometry-based comprehensive analysis of lipids, has attracted attention as an analytical approach to provide novel insight into lipid metabolism and to search for biomarkers. However, an ideal method for both comprehensive and quantitative analysis of lipids has not been fully developed. Here, we have proposed a practical methodology for widely targeted quantitative lipidome analysis using supercritical fluid chromatography fast-scanning triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry (SFC/QqQMS) and theoretically calculated a comprehensive lipid multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) library. Lipid classes can be separated by SFC with a normal-phase diethylamine-bonded silica column with high resolution, high throughput, and good repeatability. Structural isomers of phospholipids can be monitored by mass spectrometric separation with fatty acyl-based MRM transitions. SFC/QqQMS analysis with an internal standard-dilution method offers quantitative information for both lipid class and individual lipid molecular species in the same lipid class. Additionally, data acquired using this method has advantages, including reduction of misidentification and acceleration of data analysis. Using the SFC/QqQMS system, alteration of plasma lipid levels in myocardial infarction-prone rabbits to the supplementation of EPA was first observed. Our developed SFC/QqQMS method represents a potentially useful tool for in-depth studies focused on complex lipid metabolism and biomarker discovery.Takeda, H., Y. Izumi, M. Takahashi, T. Paxton, S. Tamura, T. Koike, Y. Yu, N. Kato, K. Nagase, M. Shiomi, and T. Bamba.
Herring (<i>Clupea harengus</i>) supplemented diet influences risk factors for CVD in overweight subjects; Objective: To assess the effect of a 4-week herring diet compared to a reference diet on biomarkers for cardiovascular disease in obese subjects.
