Impact of α-Linolenic Acid, the Vegetable ω-3 Fatty Acid, on Cardiovascular Disease and Cognition; Statement of Significance: This narrative review updates the evidence from epidemiologic studies, randomized controlled trials, and meta-analyses about dietary alpha-linolenic acid and cardiovascular disease and its intermediate risk factors, as well as metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cognition.
α-linolenic acid and risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction; Background - Intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids found in fish is low in many countries worldwide. alpha-Linolenic acid could be a viable cardioprotective alternative to these fatty acids in these countries.
Dietary omega-3 alpha-linolenic acid does not prevent venous thrombosis in mice; Venous thromboembolism (VIE) is a leading cause of cardiovascular death. Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) exhibit protective effects against cardiovascular disease. Others and our group have reported that the plant-derived n-3 FA alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) displays antiinflammatory, anticoagulant and antiplatelet effects, thereby reducing atherosclerosis and arterial thrombosis in mice fed a high ALA diet. Since procoagulant factors such as tissue factor and fibrin as well as platelets and leukocytes are crucially involved in the development of VIE, we investigated possible protective effects of dietary ALA on venous thrombus formation in a mouse model of stenosis- and furthermore, in a mouse model of endothelial injury-induced venous thrombosis. Four week old C57BL/6 mice underwent four weeks of high (7.3g%) or low ALA (0.03g%) treatment before being exposed to inferior vena cava (IVC) stenosis for 48 hours or laser injury of the endothelium of the internal jugular vein (IJV). Thrombus generation frequency, thrombus size and composition (IVC stenosis group) and time to thrombus formation (endothelial injury group) were assessed. In addition, plasma glycocalicin, a marker of platelet activation, platelet P-selectin and activated integrin expression as well as plasma thrombin generation was determined, but did not reveal any significant differences between the groups. Despite its protective properties against arterial thrombus formation, dietary ALA did not protect against venous thrombosis neither in the IVC stenosis nor the endothelial injury model, further indicating that the biological processes involved in arterial and venous thrombosis are different.
α-linolenic acid and heart rate variability; Background and Aim: The marine long-chained n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids seem to have antiarrhythmic effects in humans. Similar effect has also been postulated for alpha-linolenic acid, a plant-derived polyunsaturated fatty acid-from the n-3 family. The purpose of the study was to examine the relation between the content of alpha-linolenic acid in cell membranes and the risk of malignant arrhythmias as assessed by determination of heart rate variability (HRV).
α-linolenic acid and the risk of prostate cancer.: What is the evidence?; Purpose: Several studies have examined the association between polyunsaturated fatty acids and prostate cancer risk. We evaluated the evidence on the association between the essential polyunsaturated fatty acid, known as alpha-linolenic acid, and the risk of prostate cancer in humans.
Mounting evidence that increased consumption of α-linolenic acid, the vegetable n-3 fatty acid, may benefit cardiovascular health; Evaluation of: de Goede J, Verschuren WM, Boer JM, Kromhout D, Geleijnse JM. alpha-linolenic acid intake and 10-year incidence of coronary heart disease and stroke in 20,000 middle-aged men and women in The Netherlands. PLoS ONE 6(3), e17967 (2011). The polyunsaturated fatty acid of the n-3 series alpha-linolenic (ALA) is an essential fatty acid for humans, meaning that it cannot be synthesized and must be obtained from food sources. In addition, the inefficient synthesis of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA), the more polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids found in seafood, from ALA makes both EPA and DHA 'semi-essential'. There is a growing body of scientific evidence from epidemiological studies and some clinical trials indicating that intake of marine n-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA), either as fish oil concentrates or fatty (so-called blue) fish, has a cardioprotective effect. The association of dietary ALA, which is the vegetable n-3 fatty acid, with cardiovascular health has been less widely investigated than that of fish-derived n-3 fatty acids and is unclear. Thus, a new study relating ALA intake to cardiovascular outcomes in a sizable cohort is welcome. Such is the present report of 10-year findings in the MORGEN study, a large Dutch population-based cohort, part of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. The contribution of this study to the growing body of knowledge relating ALA intake to health outcomes will be discussed here.
Dietary intake of α-linolenic acid and risk of fatal ischemic heart disease among women; Background: Experimental studies in laboratory animals and humans suggest that alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) may reduce the risk of arrhythmia.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review Omega-3 fatty acids are gaining acceptance in the cardiovascular field. The present review describes the most recent studies and developments in the field.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid: Is It Essential to Cardiovascular Health?; There is a large body of scientific evidence that has been confirmed in randomized controlled trials indicating a cardioprotective effect for omega-3 fatty acids from fish. For alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which is the omega-3 fatty acid from plants, the relation to cardiovascular health is less clear. We reviewed the recent literature on dietary ALA intake, ALA tissue concentrations, and cardiovascular health in humans. Short-term trials (6-12 weeks) in generally healthy participants mostly showed no or inconsistent effects of ALA intake (1.2-3.6 g/d) on blood lipids, low-density lipoprotein oxidation, lipoprotein(a), and apolipoproteins A-I and B. Studies of ALA in relation to inflammatory markers and glucose metabolism yielded conflicting results. With regard to clinical cardiovascular outcomes, there is observational evidence for a protective effect against nonfatal myocardial infarction. However, no protective associations were observed between ALA status and risk of heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and sudden death. Findings from long-term trials of ALA supplementation are awaited to answer the question whether food-based or higher doses of ALA could be important for cardiovascular health in cardiac patients and the general population.
α-Linolenic acid: Nutraceutical, pharmacological and toxicological evaluation; alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA), a carboxylic acid with 18 carbons and three cis double bonds, is an essential fatty acid needed for human health and can be acquired via regular dietary intake of foods that contain ALA or dietary supplementation of foods high in ALA, for example flaxseed. ALA has been reported to have cardiovascular-protective, anti-cancer, neuro-protective, anti-osteoporotic, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidative effects. ALA is the precursor of longer chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), but its beneficial effects on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases are still inconclusive. The recommended intake of ALA for cardiovascular health is reported to be 1.1-2.2 g/day. Although there are limited toxicological data for ALA, no serious adverse effects have been reported. The evidence on an increased prostate cancer risk in association with dietary ALA is not conclusive. Based on the limited data currently available, it may be concluded that ALA may be beneficial as a nutraceutical/pharmaceutical candidate and is safe for use as a food ingredient. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Alpha-linolenic acid and its conversion to longer chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids: Benefits for human health and a role in maintaining tissue <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid levels; There is little doubt regarding the essential nature of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), yet the capacity of dietary ALA to maintain adequate tissue levels of long chain n-3 fatty acids remains quite controversial. This simple point remains highly debated despite evidence that removal of dietary ALA promotes n-3 fatty acid inadequacy, including that of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and that many experiments demonstrate that dietary inclusion of ALA raises n-3 tissue fatty acid content, including DHA. Herein we propose, based upon our previous work and that of others, that ALA is elongated and desaturated in a tissue-dependent manner. One important concept is to recognize that ALA, like many other fatty acids, rapidly undergoes beta-oxidation and that the carbons are conserved and reused for synthesis of other products including cholesterol and fatty acids. This process and the differences between utilization of dietary DHA or liver-derived DHA as compared to ALA have led to the dogma that ALA is not a useful fatty acid for maintaining tissue long chain n-3 fatty acids, including DHA. Herein, we propose that indeed dietary ALA is a crucial dietary source of n-3 fatty acids and its dietary inclusion is critical for maintaining tissue long chain n-3 levels. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved
Lipid matrix and bioavailability of alpha-linolenic acid; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) ofomega-3 series (omega 3) have an important role inpreventing certain diseases. Besides being necessary in specific physiological conditions (pre-and post-natal development, growth) ( Riedigeret al., 2009. JAm Diet Assoc 109: 668-679.), they are associated with health effects in terms of prevention, especially for cardiovascular disease, inflammation, some cancers and neurodegenerative diseases (De Lorgeril et al., 1994. Lancet 343: 1454-1459; Simopoulos, 2008. Exp Biol Med (Maywood, NJ) 233: 674-688). However, recent epidemiological studies show that the PUFA omega 3 intake, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), the metabolic precursor of long chain PUFA omega 3, are three time slower than the French recommendations(ANSES, 2011). Besides the need to increase the ALA intake, it is now necessary to take into account the factors that improve its bioavailability. In this context, we tested several parameters that modulate the metabolic fate of ALA. Our research has demonstrated that several physical and chemical parameters, such as the emulsification of linolenic oil with soybean lecithin, the position of ALA on the glycerol backbone of the triglyceride but also the composition of the lipid matrix would modulate the bioavailability and the metabolic fate of ALA in the organism.
Dietary Intake of α-Linolenic Acid Is Not Appreciably Associated with Risk of Ischemic Stroke among Middle-Aged Danish Men and Women; Background: Intake of the plant-derived omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) may reduce the risk of ischemic stroke.
UK Food Standards Agency α-linolenic acid workshop report; The UK Food Standards Agency convened a group of expert scientists to review current research investigating whether n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from plant oils (alpha-linolenic acid; ALA) were as beneficial to cardiovascular health as the n-3 PUFA from the marine oils, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The workshop also aimed to establish priorities for future research. Dietary intake of ALA has been associated with a beneficial effect on CHD; however, the results from studies investigating the effects of ALA supplementation on CHD risk factors have proved equivocal. The studies presented as part of the present workshop suggested little, if any, benefit of ALA, relative to linoleic acid, on risk factors for cardiovascular disease; the effects observed with fish-oil supplementation were not replicated by ALA supplementation. There is a need, therefore, to first prove the efficacy of ALA supplementation on cardiovascular disease, before further investigating effects on cardiovascular risk factors. The workshop considered that a beneficial effect of ALA on the secondary prevention of CHD still needed to be established, and there was no reason to look further at existing CHD risk factors in relation to ALA supplementation. The workshop also highlighted the possibility of feeding livestock ALA-rich oils to provide a means of increasing the dietary intake in human consumers of EPA and DHA.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid and Cardiovascular Events: A Narrative Review; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) represent the leading cause of global mortality with 1.7 million deaths a year. One of the alternative systems to drug therapy to minimize the risk of CVDs is represented by alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), an essential fatty acid of the omega-3 series, known for its cholesterol-lowering effect. The main purpose of this review is to analyze the effects of ALA and investigate the relevant omega-6/omega-3 ratio in order to maintain functionally beneficial effects. Concerning the lipid-lowering preventive effects, ALA may favorably affect the values of LDL-C and triglycerides in both adult and pediatric populations. Furthermore, ALA has shown protective effects against hypertension, contributing to balancing blood pressure through customary diet. According to the 2009 EFSA statement, dietary ALA may contribute to reducing the risk of CVDs, thanks to anti-hypertensive, anti-atherosclerotic and cardioprotective effects.
Enrichment of alpha-linolenic acid in rodent diet reduced oxidative stress and inflammation during myocardial infarction; Myocardial infarction (MI) is an irreversible event caused by cardiac ischemia and may be fatal. Studies reported that increased intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) namely, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and lower the incidence of MI. Nonetheless, the cardioprotective effect of plant n-3-PUFA such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in the diet is not conclusive. In this study, Sprague Dawley rats were supplemented with isocaloric diets enriched with ALA rich flaxseed (FS) and flaxseed oil (FSO), and normal chow (Control) for 4 weeks. MI was induced by isoproterenol (ISO) injection. Results showed that all ALA-enriched diets displayed cardioprotection against MI. The heart to body weight ratio, plasma LDH activity and plasma cTnI were reduced compared to ISO and was prominent in FS diet. ALA and EPA were up-regulated in both tissues and plasma by ALA-diets compared to Control and remained higher than ISO groups. Notably, LOX-mediated HETEs decreased whereas LOX-mediated HDHAs were elevated in both tissues and plasma of ALA-enriched diets compared to ISO. In addition, non-enzymatic oxidized products from arachidonic acid including 15-F-2t-IsoP were reduced in both tissues and plasma of MI rats supplemented with ALA-enriched diets while those from n-3 PUFAs including F-4-NeuroPs, PhytoPs and PhytoFs were elevated compared to control. ALA-enriched diets particularly flaxseed reduced gene expressions of inflammatory cytokines namely IL-1 beta, IL-6 and TNF alpha and prevented the down regulation of antioxidant catalase in the heart tissues. In conclusion ALA-enriched diets potentially exerted cardioprotection through the regulation of anti-inflammatory and antioxidative mediators from n-3 PUFA autooxidation.
Dietary supplementation of alpha-linolenic acid in an enriched rapeseed oil diet protects from stroke; Populations of Western countries are severely deficient in omega-3 intake, both in the form of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and the Long Chain derivatives (LC-n-3), Eicosa-Pentaenoic-Acid and Docosa-Hexaenoic-Acid. Omega-3 insufficiency is a risk factor for cardiovascular and cerebral diseases such as coronary heart disease and stroke. Stroke is a major cause of mortality and morbidity, and induces a significant socioeconomic cost and a marked increase in patient/family burden. To date, preventive treatments and neuroprotective drugs identified in preclinical studies failed in clinical trials, in part because of an inability to tolerate drugs at neuroprotective concentrations. Therefore testing alternative protective strategies, such as functional foods/nutraceuticals, are of considerable interest.
α-Linolenic acid intake is not beneficially associated with 10-y risk of coronary artery disease incidence:: the Zutphen Elderly Study; Background: Data on the relation between alpha -linolenic acid intake and coronary artery disease (CAD) are limited. Other dietary components appear to modify the reported relation between alpha -linolenic acid intake and CAD.
Alpha-linolenic acid and coronary heart disease; Aim: To summarize our present knowledge about vegetable omega-3 fatty acids.
α-Linolenic Acid and Risk of Heart Failure: A Meta-Analysis; Background: The alpha-linolenic acid is a plant origin n-3 fatty acid that may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, the effect of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on the risk of heart failure (HF) remains unclear. In this meta-analysis, we aimed to determine the role of ALA in the risk of incident HF.Methods: Electronic databases were searched for studies up to August 10, 2021. Studies were included for meta-analysis if the adjusted risk of HF in different dietary intake or circulating levels of ALA was reported. We used the random-effects model to calculate the estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CI for higher ALA.Results: A total of 6 studies (7 cohorts) comprising 135,270 participants were included for meta-analysis. After a median follow-up duration of 10 years, 5,905 cases of HF were recorded. No significant heterogeneity was observed among all the included studies. Random-effects model analyses showed that there was no significant association between ALA and the risk of incident HF, either assessed as quintiles (highest quintile vs. lowest quintile: HR = 0.95, 95% CI = 0.86-1.06) or per 1 SD increment (HR = 0.99, 95% CI = 0.95-1.01). Furthermore, we did not observe any association between ALA and the risk of HF in subgroup analyses performed according to age, sex, follow-up duration, and measuring method of ALA.Conclusions: We found no association between ALA and the risk of incident HF, suggesting that ALA might not be effective in the prevention of HF.
Dietary α-Linolenic Acid Counters Cardioprotective Dysfunction in Diabetic Mice: Unconventional PUFA Protection; Whether dietary omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) confers cardiac benefit in cardiometabolic disorders is unclear. We test whether dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) enhances myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion (I-R) and responses to ischemic preconditioning (IPC) in type 2 diabetes (T2D); and involvement of conventional PUFA-dependent mechanisms (caveolins/cavins, kinase signaling, mitochondrial function, and inflammation). Eight-week male C57Bl/6 mice received streptozotocin (75 mg/kg) and 21 weeks high-fat/high-carbohydrate feeding. Half received ALA over six weeks. Responses to I-R/IPC were assessed in perfused hearts. Localization and expression of caveolins/cavins, protein kinase B (AKT), and glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta (GSK3 beta); mitochondrial function; and inflammatory mediators were assessed. ALA reduced circulating leptin, without affecting body weight, glycemic dysfunction, or cholesterol. While I-R tolerance was unaltered, paradoxical injury with IPC was reversed to cardioprotection with ALA. However, post-ischemic apoptosis (nucleosome content) appeared unchanged. Benefit was not associated with shifts in localization or expression of caveolins/cavins, p-AKT, p-GSK3 beta, or mitochondrial function. Despite mixed inflammatory mediator changes, tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-a) was markedly reduced. Data collectively reveal a novel impact of ALA on cardioprotective dysfunction in T2D mice, unrelated to caveolins/cavins, mitochondrial, or stress kinase modulation. Although evidence suggests inflammatory involvement, the basis of this "un-conventional" protection remains to be identified.
Association between the intake of α-linolenic acid and the risk of CHD; The intake of the mainly plant-derived n-3 PUFA alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) has been reported to be associated with a lower risk of CHD. However, the results have been inconsistent. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to examine the association between the intake of ALA and the risk of CHD. Potential effect modification by the intake of long-chain n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCPUFA) was also investigated. Data from eight American and European prospective cohort studies including 148 675 women and 80 368 men were used. The outcome measure was incident CHD (CHD event and death). During 4-10 years of follow-up, 4493 CHD events and 1751 CHD deaths occurred. Among men, an inverse association (not significant) between the intake of ALA and the risk of CHD events and deaths was observed. For each additional gram of ALA consumed, a 15% lower risk of CHD events (hazard ratios (HR) 0.85, 95% CI 0.72, 1.01) and a 23% lower risk of CHD deaths (HR 0.77, 95% CI 0.58, 1.01) were observed. No consistent association was observed among women. No effect modification by the intake of n-3 LCPUFA was observed.
Plasma phospholipid and dietary α-linolenic acid, mortality, CHD and stroke: the Cardiovascular Health Study; Previous studies have suggested that long-chain n-3 fatty acids derived from seafood are associated with a lower risk of mortality, CHD and stroke. Whether a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18 : 3n-3), a plant-derived long-chain essential n-3 fatty acid, is associated with a lower risk of these outcomes is unclear. The aim of the present study was to examine the associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary ALA with the risk of mortality, CHD and stroke among older adults who participated in the Cardiovascular Health Study, a cohort study of adults aged >= 65 years. A total of 2709 participants were included in the plasma phospholipid ALA analysis and 2583 participants were included in the dietary ALA analysis. Cox regression was used to assess the associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary ALA with the risk of mortality, incident CHD and stroke. In minimally and multivariable-adjusted models, plasma phospholipid ALA was found to be not associated with the risk of mortality, incident CHD or stroke. After adjustment for age, sex, race, enrolment site, education, smoking status, diabetes, BMI, alcohol consumption, treated hypertension and total energy intake, higher dietary ALA intake was found to be associated with a lower risk of total and non-cardiovascular mortality; on comparing the highest quintiles of dietary ALA with the lowest quintiles, the HR for total mortality and non-cardiovascular mortality were found to be 0.73 (95% CI 0.61, 0.88) and 0.64 (95% CI 0.52, 0.80), respectively. Dietary ALA was found to be not associated with the risk of cardiovascular mortality, incident CHD or stroke. In conclusion, the results of the present suggest study that dietary ALA, but not plasma phospholipid ALA, is associated with a lower risk of total and non-cardiovascular mortality in older adults. British Journal of Nutrition
Alpha-linolenic acid stabilizes HIF-1 α and downregulates FASN to promote mitochondrial apoptosis for mammary gland chemoprevention; Alpha linolenic acid is an essential polyunsaturated fatty acid and is reported to have the anti-cancer potential with no defined hypothesis or mechanism/s. Henceforth present study was in-quested to validate the effect of alpha linolenic acid on mitochondrial apoptosis, hypoxic microenvironment and de novo fatty acid synthesis using in-vitro and in-vivo studies. The IC50 value of alpha linolenic acid was recorded to be 17.55 mu M against ER+MCF-7 cells. Treatment with alpha linolenic acid was evident for the presence of early and late apoptotic signals along with mitochondrial depolarization, when studied through acridine orange/ethidium bromide and JC-1 staining. Alpha linolenic acid arrested the cell cycle in G2/M phase. Subsequently, the in-vivo efficacy was examined against 7, 12-dimethylbenz anthracene induced carcinogenesis. Treatment with alpha linolenic acid demarcated significant effect upon the cellular proliferation as evidenced through decreased in alveolar bud count, restoration of the histopathological architecture and loss of tumor micro vessels. Alpha linolenic acid restored the metabolic changes to normal when scrutinized through H-1 NMR studies. The immunoblotting and qRT-PCR studies revealed participation of mitochondrial mediated death apoptosis pathway and curtailment of hypoxic microenvironment after treatment with alpha linolenic acid. With all above, it was concluded that alpha linolenic acid mediates mitochondrial apoptosis, curtails hypoxic microenvironment along with inhibition of de novo fatty acid synthesis to impart anticancer effects.
α-Linolenic acid, linoleic acid and heart failure in women; alpha-Linolenic acid (18: 3n-3) intake and linoleic acid (18: 2n-6) intake have been associated with lower rates of CHD, though results have not been consistent. The relationship of these fatty acids with incident heart failure (HF) is not well established. We examined the hypothesis that women with higher intakes of 18: 3n-3 and 18: 2n-6 would have lower rates of HF hospitalisation and mortality. We measured 18 : 3n-3 and 18: 2n-6 intake in 36 234 Swedish Mammography Cohort participants aged 48-83 years using FFQ and followed participants through Swedish inpatient and cause-of-death registers from 1 January 1998 until 31 December 2006. Cox models were used to calculate incidence rate ratios (RR) and 95% CI. Because of multicollinearity, 18: 3n-3 and 18: 2n-6 were examined separately. Over 9 years, 596 women were hospitalised and fifty-five died due to HF. In models accounting for age and other covariates, the RR for HF comparing the top quintile of 18 : 3n-3 (median 1.50 g/d) with the bottom quintile (median 0.88 g/d) was 0.91 (95% CI 0.71, 1.17, P-trend = 0.41). The RR comparing the top quintile of 18: 2n-6 (median 7.8 g/d) with the bottom quintile (median 4.6 g/d) was 1.14 (95% CI 0.88, 1.46, P-trend = 0.36). We did not find evidence for the interaction of 18: 3n-3 and 18: 2n-6 with each other or with long-chain n-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, these data do not support our hypothesis that 18: 3n-3 and 18: 2n-6 are associated with HF. However, these results may not be generalisable to populations with higher intakes of 18: 3n-3.
Oral consumption of α-linolenic acid increases serum BDNF levels in healthy adult humans; Background aims: Dietary omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids have remarkable impacts on the levels of DHA in the brain and retina. Low levels of DHA in plasma and blood hamper visual and neural development in children and cause dementia and cognitive decline in adults. The level of brain-derived neurotrophic factors (BDNF) changes with dietary omega-3 fatty acid intake. BDNF is known for its effects on promoting neurogenesis and neuronal survival.
Dietary α-linolenic acid intake and risk of sudden cardiac death and coronary heart disease; Background - alpha-Linolenic acid, an intermediate-chain n-3 fatty acid found primarily in plants, may decrease the risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) through a reduction in fatal ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death (SCD).
The Effects of Alpha Linolenic Acid (Omega-3 Fatty Acid) on Tobacco Craving Intensity, Withdrawal Symptoms and Biochemical Markers in Tobacco Users; Tobacco use causes serious public health concerns and causes many health problems like (asthma, COPD, stroke, cancer, etc.). While a number of pharmacological treatments are used to reduce tobacco use, they often have adverse effects. Fewer studies have assessed non-pharmacological treatments {Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or fish oil} to reduce tobacco use. Omega-3 fatty acids, already known for their benefits in reducing bad cholesterol, managing diabetes, and helping with fatty liver, are now being studied for their potential impact on smoking habits. We aimed to evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplementation (flaxseed oil as a vegetarian source of alpha-linolenic acid, ALA) on tobacco craving intensity, withdrawal symptoms, and various biochemical markers in tobacco users. This single-blind, placebo-controlled study involved 104 tobacco users divided into two groups: omega-3 (n = 54) receiving 10 ml flaxseed oil daily for 6 months and placebo (n = 50). We measured tobacco craving intensity {Visual Analogue Scale (VAS)}, withdrawal symptoms {Minnesota Nicotine Withdrawal Scale (MNWS)}, demographic parameters (BMI, WHR, BP, HR), and biochemical parameters (LFT, KFT, Lipid Profile) at baseline and after 6 months. Six-month consumption of edible grade pure flaxseed oil resulted in significant lowering of BMI in omega-3 group when compared to placebo group (p = 0.0002). Also, omega-3 effectively decreased tobacco craving intensity (p < 0.0001) and its withdrawal (p < 0.0001). More intriguingly, LFT panel showed significantly lower levels of bilirubin (D) (p = 0.0216) and SGPT (p = 0.0217). Urea level (p = 0.0489) was significantly decreased while creatinine and blood urea nitrogen were comparatively decreased in omega-3 than placebo group in KFT panel. Eventually in case of lipid profile, triglycerides (p = 0.0031), LDL (p = 0.0291) and VLDL (p = 0.0055) showed significant reduction in omega-3 group. Omega-3 supplementation with flaxseed oil effectively reduces tobacco craving intensity and withdrawal symptoms, suggesting its potential for aiding tobacco cessation. Additionally, it significantly improved liver and kidney functions as well as lipid profile, highlighting its potential for broader health benefits.
The cardiovascular effects of flaxseed and its omega-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid; Preventing the occurrence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) with nutritional interventions is a therapeutic strategy that may warrant greater research attention. The increased use of omega (omega)-3 fatty acids is a powerful example of one such nutritional strategy that may produce significant cardiovascular benefits. Marine food products have provided the traditional dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids. Flaxseed is an alternative to marine products. It is one of the richest sources of the plant-based omega-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Based on the results of clinical trials, epidemiological investigations and experimental studies, ingestion of ALA has been suggested to have a positive impact on CVD. Because of its high ALA content, the use of flaxseed has been advocated to combat CVD. The purpose of the present review was to identify the known cardiovascular effects of flaxseed and ALA and, just as importantly, what is presently unknown.
Replacement of linoleic acid with α-linolenic acid does not alter blood lipids in normolipidaemic men; The effect of partial dietary replacement of linoleic acid (18:2n-6; linoleic acid-rich diet) with alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3; alpha-linolenic acid-rich diet) on plasma lipids was investigated in twenty-nine healthy young men. After a 2-week stabilization period subjects were randomly assigned to either the alpha-linolenic acid-rich diet group (n 15), receiving a mean of 10.1 g of alpha-linolenic acid and 12.1 g of linoleic acid/d, or the linoleic acid-rich diet group (n 14), receiving a mean of 1.0 g of alpha-linolenic acid and 21.0 g of linoleic acid/d, for a 6-week test period. Blood samples were taken at the commencement of the stabilization period and at the start (week 0), midpoint (week 3) and endpoint (week 6) of the test period and plasma lipids analysed. The changes occurring on the linoleic acid-rich diet and alpha-linolenic acid-rich diet were compared but no significant differences in the changes in plasma total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, the subfractions HDL2 and HDL3 or triacylglycerols were found. These results indicate that dietary replacement of linoleic acid with alpha-linolenic acid in the diet of healthy male subjects offers similar cardioprotective benefits with respect to lipid metabolism.
Dietary α-linolenic acid and health-related outcomes:: a metabolic perspective; alpha-Linolenic acid (alpha LNA; 18 : 3n-3) is essential in the human diet, probably because it is the substrate for the synthesis of longer-chain, more unsaturated n-3 fatty acids, principally EPA (20 : 5n-3) and DHA (22 : 6n-3), which confer important biophysical properties on cell membranes and so are required for tissue function. The extent to which this molecular transformation occurs in man is controversial. The present paper reviews the recent literature on the metabolism of alpha LNA in man, including the use of dietary alpha LNA in beta-oxidation, recycling of carbon by fatty acid synthesis de novo and conversion to longer-chain PUFA. Sex differences in alpha LNA metabolism and the possible biological consequences are discussed. Increased consumption of EPA and DHA in fish oil has a number of well-characterised beneficial effects on health. The present paper also reviews the efficacy of increased alpha LNA consumption in increasing the concentrations of EPA and DHA in blood and cell lipid pools, and the extent to which such dietary interventions might be protective against CVD and inflammation. Although the effects on CVD risk factors and inflammatory markers are variable, where beneficial effects have been reported these are weaker than have been achieved from increasing consumption of EPA+DHA or linoleic acid. Overall, the limited capacity for conversion to longer-chain n-3 fatty acids, and the lack of efficacy in ameliorating CVD risk factors and inflammatory markers in man suggests that increased consumption of alpha LNA may be of little benefit in altering EPA+DHA status or in improving health outcomes compared with other dietary interventions.
Indications for Omega-3 Long Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid in the Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease; Background The National Heart Foundation of Australia (NHFA) 2008 review on omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) made recommendations with respect to supplementation for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Since then, new findings have been published regarding the relationship between omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including supplementation, and cardiovascular health.
Dietary intake and adipose tissue content of α-linolenic acid and risk of myocardial infarction: a Danish cohort study; Background: Intake of the plant-derived omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3; n-3) may reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, but the results of previous studies have been inconsistent. Objective: We aimed to investigate the association between dietary intake of ALA, adipose tissue content of ALA, and risk of incident myocardial infarction (MI).
Alpha-linolenic acid and heart rate variability in women examined for coronary artery disease; Background and aim: Some studies suggest that alpha-linotenic acid (ALA) may protect against coronary artery disease (CAD) and CAD related death (i.e. sudden cardiac death). Thus, some limited data suggest an antiarrhythmic effect of ALA. We therefore investigated the association between ALA and 24-h heart rate variability (HRV), a strong predictor of arrhythmic events and sudden cardiac death, in women.
Marine and plant-based <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; n-3 PUFA may exert favourable effects on several processes that may inhibit the atherosclerotic process. However, the role of n-3 PUFA in lowering the risk of atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD) has been fiercely debated. In the present paper, we summarise the main findings from previous follow-up studies of intake and studies using adipose tissue as an objective biomarker to investigate exposure to n-3 PUFA in relation to ASCVD risk and discuss some perspectives for further research. The majority of previous studies investigating intake of marine- and plant-based n-3 PUFA have focused on CHD while other ASCVD such as ischaemic stroke and peripheral artery disease have been less studied. However, recent data from Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort suggest that marine n-3 PUFA may be inversely associated with risk of myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke and peripheral arterial disease caused by atherosclerosis. The effect of the plant-derived n-3 PUFA alpha-linolenic acid on ASCVD is less clear and several gaps in the literature remain to be explored.
α-Linolenic acid protects renal cells against palmitic acid lipotoxicity via inhibition of endoplasmic reticulum stress; Unsaturated fatty acids may Counteract the lipotoxicity associated with saturated fatty acids. Palmitic acid induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and Caused apoptotic and necrotic cell death in the renal proximal tubular cell line, NRK-52E. We investigated whether alpha-linolenic acid, an unsaturated fatty acid, protected against ER stress and cell death induced by palmitic acid Or by Other non-nutrient ER stress generators. Incubation of NRK-52E cells for 24 h with palmitic acid produced a significant increase in apoptosis and necrosis. Palmitic acid also increased levels of three indicators of ER stress - the phosphorylated form of the eukaryotic initiation factor 2 alpha (eIF2 alpha), C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP), and glucose regulated protein 78 (GRP78). alpha-Linolenic acid dramatically reduced cell death and levels of all three indicators of ER stress brought about by palmitic acid. Tunicamycin, Which induces ER stress by glycosylation of proteins, produced similar effects to those obtained using palmitic acid; its effects were partially reversed by alpha-linolenic acid. Salubrinal (a phosphatase inhibitor) Causes increased levels of the phosphorylated form of eIF2 alpha - this effect was partially reversed by alpha-linolenic acid. Palmitoleate, a monosaturated fatty acid, had similar effects to those of alpha-linolenic acid. These results Suggest that part of the mechanism of protection of the kidney by unsaturated fatty acids is through inhibition of ER stress, eIF2 alpha phosphorylation and consequential reduction of CHOP protein expression and apoptotic renal cell death. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary <i>trans</i> α-linolenic acid does not inhibit Δ5-and Δ6-desaturation of linoleic acid in man; Dietary trans monoenes have been associated with an increased risk of heart disease in some studies and this has caused much concern. Trans polyenes are also present in the diet, for example, trans alpha -linolenic acid is formed during the deodorisation of alpha -linolenic acid-rich oils such as rapeseed oil. One would expect the intake of trans alpha -linolenic acid to be on the increase since the consumption of rapeseed oil in the western diet is increasing. There are no data on trans alpha -linolenic acid consumption and its effects. We therefore carried out a comprehensive study to examine whether trans isomers of this polyunsaturated fatty acid increased the risk of coronary heart disease. Since inhibition of Delta6-desaturase had also been linked to heart disease, the effect of trans alpha -linolenic acid on the conversion of [U-C-13]-labelled linoleic acid to dihomo-gamma -linolenic and arachidonic acid was studied in 7 healthy men recruited from the staff and students of the University of Edinburgh. Thirty percent of the habitual fat was replaced using a trans 'free'- or 'high' trans alpha -linolenic acid fat. After at least 6 weeks on the experimental diets, the men received 3-oleyl, 1,2-[U-C-13]-linoleyl glycerol (15 mg twice daily for ten days). The fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids and the incorporation of C-13-label into n-6 fatty acids were determined at day 8, 9 and 10 and after a 6-week washout period by gas chromatography-combustion-isotope ratio mass spectrometry.
α-Linolenic Acid Intake Attenuates Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury through Anti-inflammatory and Anti-oxidative Stress Effects in Diabetic But Not Normal Rats; Background and Aims. Patients with diabetes show enhanced susceptibility to myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MI/R) injury. Epidemiological studies indicated that consumption of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) significantly reduces the risk of cardiac events in post-acute myocardial infarction patients. The present study attempted to investigate the effects of ALA intake on MI/R injury in normal and diabetic rats and its mechanisms.
alpha-linolenic acid prevents the hypercholesteremic effects of cholesterol addition to a corn oil diet; The effects of three different diets to which cholesterol with or without cholic acid were compared for their hyperlipemic effect in C57BL/6J mice. The addition of cholesterol and 0.5% cholic acid (CC) to a standard Laboratory Rodent Chow diet that contains 4.5% total mixed fat, had little effect on serum lipids. In contrast, addition of CC to a AIN76A diet that contains 5% cent oil and low levels of alpha-linolenic acid (18:3 omega 3, alpha LNA) resulted in a 76% increase in total plasma cholesterol levels. The fat content of a semipurified (ANFAT) hypercholesteremic diet (ANFAT + CC) had to be raised to 18% lard to obtain a similar elevation in plasma total lipid levels, Neither dietary corn oil, ANF AT, nor CC alone caused an increase in plasma cholesterol and total lipid levels. The addition of a LNA to the AIN76A diet resulted in a decrease in plasma cholesterol and total lipid concentrations. We conclude that the addition of CC to AIN76A diet unmasked an alpha-linolenic acid insufficiency in this dirt, leading to elevation of plasma cholesterol levels. The addition of alpha LNA restored the dietary lipid balance and reestablished a normocholesteremic level. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1997.
Alpha-linolenic acid enhances the facilitation of GABAergic neurotransmission in the BLA and CA1; Hyperexcitability is a major mechanism implicated in several neuropsychiatric disorders, such as organophosphate-induced status epilepticus (SE), primary epilepsy, stroke, spinal cord injury, traumatic brain injury, schizophrenia, and autism spectrum disorders. Underlying mechanisms are diverse, but a functional impairment and loss of GABAergic inhibitory neurons are common features in many of these disorders. While novel therapies abound to correct for the loss of GABAergic inhibitory neurons, it has been difficult at best to improve the activities of daily living for the majority of patients. Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is an essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid found in plants. ALA exerts pleiotropic effects in the brain that attenuate injury in chronic and acute brain disease models. However, the effect of ALA on GABAergic neurotransmission in hyperexcitable brain regions involved in neuropsychiatric disorders, such as the basolateral amygdala (BLA) and CA1 subfield of the hippocampus, is unknown. Administration of a single dose of ALA (1500 nmol/kg) subcutaneously increased the charge transfer of inhibitory postsynaptic potential currents mediated by GABA(A) receptors in pyramidal neurons by 52% in the BLA and by 92% in the CA1 compared to vehicle animals a day later. Similar results were obtained in pyramidal neurons from the BLA and CA1 when ALA was bath-applied in slices from naive animals. Importantly, pretreatment with the high-affinity, selective TrkB inhibitor, k252, completely abolished the ALA-induced increase in GABAergic neurotransmission in the BLA and CA1, suggesting a brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)-mediated mechanism. Addition of mature BDNF (20 ng/mL) significantly increased GABA(A) receptor inhibitory activity in the BLA and CA1 pyramidal neurons similar to the results obtained with ALA. ALA may be an effective treatment for neuropsychiatric disorders where hyperexcitability is a major feature.
Whole-Body Docosahexaenoic Acid Synthesis-Secretion Rates in Rats Are Constant across a Large Range of Dietary α-Linolenic Acid Intakes; Background: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) thought to be important for brain function. Although the main dietary source of DHA is fish, DHA can also be synthesized from alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which is derived from plants. Enzymes involved in DHA synthesis are also active toward omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs to synthesize docosapentaenoic acid n-6 (DPAn-6). It is unclear whether DHA synthesis from ALA is sufficient to maintain brain DHA.
The Role of α-Linolenic Acid and Its Oxylipins in Human Cardiovascular Diseases; alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is an essential C-18 n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), which can be elongated to longer n-3 PUFAs, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). These long-chain n-3 PUFAs have anti-inflammatory and pro-resolution effects either directly or through their oxylipin metabolites. However, there is evidence that the conversion of ALA to the long-chain PUFAs is limited. On the other hand, there is evidence in humans that supplementation of ALA in the diet is associated with an improved lipid profile, a reduction in the inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein (CRP) and a reduction in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and all-cause mortality. Studies investigating the cellular mechanism for these beneficial effects showed that ALA is metabolized to oxylipins through the Lipoxygenase (LOX), the Cyclooxygenase (COX) and the Cytochrome P450 (CYP450) pathways, leading to hydroperoxy-, epoxy-, mono- and dihydroxylated oxylipins. In several mouse and cell models, it has been shown that ALA and some of its oxylipins, including 9- and 13-hydroxy-octadecatrienoic acids (9-HOTrE and 13-HOTrE), have immunomodulating effects. Taken together, the current literature suggests a beneficial role for diets rich in ALA in human CVDs, however, it is not always clear whether the described effects are attributable to ALA, its oxylipins or other substances present in the supplemented diets.
The nutraceutical potential of omega-3 alpha-linolenic acid in reducing the consequences of stroke; Stroke is a worldwide major cause of mortality and morbidity. Preclinical studies have identified over 1000 molecules with brain-protective properties. More than 200 clinical trials have evaluated neuroprotective candidates for ischemic stroke yet, to date almost all failed, leading to a re-analysis of treatment strategies against stroke. An emerging view is to seek combinatory therapy, or discovering molecules able to stimulate multiple protective and regenerative mechanisms. A pertinent experimental approach to identify-such candidates is the study of brain preconditioning, which refers to how the brain protects itself against ischemia and others stress-inducing stimuli. The recent discovery that nutrients like alpha-linolenic acid (ALA is an essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid required as part of our daily diet), may be an efficient brain preconditionner against stroke fosters the novel concept of brain preconditioning by nutraceuticals.
n-3 fatty acids and 5-y risks of death and cardiovascular disease events in patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Data on the association of n-3 fatty acid content in serum lipids with mortality in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) are limited.
Repeated systemic administration of the nutraceutical alpha-linolenic acid exerts neuroprotective efficacy, an antidepressant effect and improves cognitive performance when given after soman exposure; Exposure to nerve agents results in severe seizures or status epilepticus caused by the inhibition of acetylcholinesterase, a critical enzyme that breaks down acetylcholine to terminate neurotransmission. Prolonged seizures cause brain damage and can lead to long-term consequences. Current counter-measures are only modestly effective against the brain damage supporting interest in the evaluation of new and efficacious therapies. The nutraceutical alpha-linolenic acid (LIN) is an essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid that has a wide safety margin. Previous work showed that a single intravenous injection of alpha-linolenic acid (500 nmol/kg) administered before or after soman significantly protected against soman-induced brain damage when analyzed 24 h after exposure. Here, we show that administration of three intravenous injections of alpha-linolenic acid over a 7 day period after soman significantly improved motor performance on the rotarod, enhanced memory retention, exerted an anti-depressant-like activity and increased animal survival. This dosing schedule significantly reduced soman-induced neuronal degeneration in four major vulnerable brain regions up to 21 days. Taken together, alpha-linolenic acid reduces the profound behavioral deficits induced by soman possibly by decreasing neuronal cell death, and increases animal survival. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Omega-3 fatty acid intake and decreased risk of skin cancer in organ transplant recipients; Purpose Organ transplant recipients have over 100-fold higher risk of developing skin cancer than the general population and are in need of further preventive strategies. We assessed the possible preventive effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake from food on the two main skin cancers, squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and basal cell carcinoma (BCC) in kidney and liver transplant recipients. Methods Adult kidney or liver transplant recipients transplanted for at least 1 year and at high risk of skin cancer were recruited from the main transplant hospital in Queensland, 2012-2014 and followed until mid-2016. We estimated their dietary total long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and alpha-linolenic acid intakes at baseline using a food frequency questionnaire and ranked PUFA intakes as low, medium, or high. Relative risks (RRs(adj)) of skin cancer adjusted for confounding factors with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. Results There were 449 transplant recipients (mean age, 55 years; 286 (64%) male). During follow-up, 149 (33%) patients developed SCC (median 2/person; range 1-40) and 134 (30%), BCC. Transplant recipients with high total long-chain omega-3 PUFA compared with low intakes showed substantially reduced SCC tumour risk (RR(adj)0.33, 95% CI 0.18-0.60), and those with high alpha-linolenic acid intakes experienced significantly fewer BCCs (RR(adj)0.40, 95% CI 0.22-0.74). No other significant associations were seen. Conclusion Among organ transplant recipients, relatively high intakes of long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and of alpha-linolenic acid may reduce risks of SCC and BCC, respectively.
Dietary Intake and Biomarkers of α-Linolenic Acid and Mortality: A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Background: The association between alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and mortality is inconsistent and has not been summarized systematically.
Dietary α-Linolenic Acid and Total ω-3 Fatty Acids Are Inversely Associated with Abdominal Aortic Calcification in Older Women, but Not in Older Men; Background: Associations of a-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus decosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and total omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) intakes with abdominal aortic calcification (AAC) are not well understood.
Adipose tissue α-linolenic acid and nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in Costa Rica; Background-alpha-Linolenic acid may protect against cardiovascular disease. We examined the association between adipose tissue alpha-linolenic acid and nonfatal acute myocardial infarction (MI) in a population-based case-control study in Costa Rica.
n-3 fatty acids from fish or fish-oil supplements, but not α-linolenic acid, benefit cardiovascular disease outcomes in primary- and secondary-prevention studies:: a systematic review; Studies on the relation between dietary n-3 fatty acids (FAs) and cardiovascular disease vary in quality, and the results are inconsistent. A systematic review of the literature on the effects of n-3 FAs (consumed as fish or fish oils rich in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid or as a-linolenic acid) on cardiovascular disease outcomes and adverse events was conducted. Studies from MEDLINE and other sources that were of >= 1 y in duration and that reported estimates of fish or n-3 FA intakes and cardiovascular disease outcomes were included. Secondary prevention was addressed in 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of fish-oil supplements or of diets high in n-3 FAs and in I prospective cohort study. Most trials reported that fish oil significantly reduced all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, cardiac and sudden death, or stroke. Primary prevention of cardiovascular disease was reported in 1 RCT, in 25 prospective cohort studies, and in 7 case-control studies. No significant effect on overall deaths was reported in 3 RCTs that evaluated the effects of fish oil in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators. Most cohort studies reported that fish consumption was associated with lower rates of all-cause mortality and adverse cardiac outcomes. The effects on stroke were inconsistent. Evidence suggests that increased consumption of n-3 FAs from fish or fish-oil supplements, but not of a-linolenic acid, reduces the rates of all-cause mortality, cardiac and sudden death, and possibly stroke. The evidence for the benefits of fish oil is stronger in secondary-than in primary-prevention settings. Adverse effects appear to be minor.
Subchronic Alpha-Linolenic Acid Treatment Enhances Brain Plasticity and Exerts an Antidepressant Effect: A Versatile Potential Therapy for Stroke; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are known to have therapeutic potential in several neurological and psychiatric disorders. However, the molecular mechanisms of action underlying these effects are not well elucidated. We previously showed that alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) reduced ischemic brain damage after a single treatment. To follow-up this finding, we investigated whether subchronic ALA treatment promoted neuronal plasticity. Three sequential injections with a neuroprotective dose of ALA increased neurogenesis and expression of key proteins involved in synaptic functions, namely, synaptophysin-1, VAMP-2, and SNAP-25, as well as proteins supporting glutamatergic neurotransmission, namely, V-GLUT1 and V-GLUT2. These effects were correlated with an increase in brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) protein levels, both in vitro using neural stem cells and hippocampal cultures and in vivo, after subchronic ALA treatment. Given that BDNF has antidepressant activity, this led us to test whether subchronic ALA treatment could produce antidepressant-like behavior. ALA-treated mice had significantly reduced measures of depressive-like behavior compared with vehicle-treated animals, suggesting another aspect of ALA treatment that could stimulate functional stroke recovery by potentially combining acute neuroprotection with long-term repair/compensatory plasticity. Indeed, three sequential injections of ALA enhanced protection, either as a pretreatment, wherein it reduced post-ischemic infarct volume 24 h after a 1-hour occlusion of the middle cerebral artery or as post-treatment therapy, wherein it augmented animal survival rates by threefold 10 days after ischemia. Neuropsychopharmacology (2009) 34, 2548-2559; doi:10.1038/npp.2009.84; published online 29 July 2009
Adipose tissue content of alpha-linolenic acid and development of peripheral artery disease: a Danish case-cohort study; Purpose The aim of this study was to investigate the association between adipose tissue content of the plant-derived n-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and the rate of incident peripheral artery disease (PAD). Methods We conducted a case-cohort study nested within the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort (n = 57,053), which was established between 1993 and 1997. Potential PAD cases were identified using linkage with The Danish National Patient Register and all potential cases were validated. Adipose tissue samples from the buttock were collected at baseline and fatty acid composition was determined in cases and in a random sample (n = 3500) from the cohort by gas chromatography. Statistical analyses were performed using weighted Cox regression allowing for different baseline hazards among sexes. Results During a median of 13.5 years of follow-up, we identified 863 PAD cases with complete information. The median adipose tissue content of ALA in the sub-cohort (n = 3197) was 0.84% (interquartile range 0.73-0.94%) of total fatty acids. In multivariate analyses including adjustment for established risk factors, we observed a U-shaped association between ALA in adipose tissue and rate of PAD, but the association was not statistically significant (P = 0.131). Similar pattern of associations were observed between ALA content in adipose tissue and the rate of PAD among men and women. Conclusions We found indications of a U-shaped association between adipose tissue content of ALA and the rate of PAD, but the association was not statistically significant.
A prospective study of dietary alpha-linolenic acid and the risk of prostate cancer (United States); Background Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is the most common omega-3 fatty acid in the Western diet. The relation of dietary intake of ALA to prostate cancer risk remains unresolved.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid biomarkers and risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and mortality; Background & aims: Considerable attention has focused on the role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the prevention of cardiometabolic diseases, which has led to dietary recommendations to increase omega-3 fatty acid intake. A meta-analysis was conducted to summarize evidence from prospective studies regarding associations between omega-3 PUFA biomarkers and risk of developing major chronic diseases.
Genetic Improvement of the Fatty Acid Biosynthesis System to Alter the ω-6/ω-3 Ratio in the Soybean Seed; A high omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio in the soybean seed adversely affects human health. The objective of the present study was to improve the fatty acid biosynthesis to reduce the omega-6/omega-3 ratio by combining the FAD2-1A and FAD2-1B mutant alleles with alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3) related alleles from wild soybean. The F-2 population comprising 2320 F (2:3) lines developed from S08-14717 x PI 483463 cross exhibited significant variation for fatty acid components. Of these, 114 lines were advanced to the F (5:6) generation and genotyped for FAD2-1A and FAD2-1B alleles. The lines carrying mutant FAD2-1A and FAD2-1B alleles showed similar to 761 g kg(-1) oleic, and similar to 50 g kg(-1) linoleic acids, which reduced omega-6/omega-3 ratios to similar to 0.6. Conversely, the lines carrying FAD2-1A or FAD2-1B mutant alleles had 267 or 399 g kg(-1) oleic, 327 or 471 g kg(-1) linoleic, and 120 or 130 g kg(-1) alpha-linolenic acids concentration, respectively. The elevated alpha-linolenic acid resulted in the reduction of omega-6/omega-3 ratios in the range 2.5-3.9. The present study demonstrated that combining FAD2 mutant alleles with alpha-linolenic acid-related alleles from wild soybean reduces the seed omega-6/omega-3 ratio.
A brief review of physiological roles, plant resources, synthesis, purification and oxidative stability of Alpha-linolenic Acid; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) comprising of 18 carbon atoms and three double bonds. Because the first double bond counted from the methyl terminus, is at position three, ALA belongs to the so-called n-3 group. Derived mainly from natural plants such as Linum usitatissimum and Perilla frutescens, it is an essential fatty acid for the human body. ALA is essential for the regulation of blood lipid, blood pressure and blood sugar, for the prevention of diseases and for the protection of retina and brain. It is the precursor of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which are crucial for human health. This review summarizes the current knowledge on physiological roles, plant resources, and synthesis, purification and oxidative stability of ALA, providing the scientific basis for its sustainable development and utilization towards human health.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid: An Omega-3 Fatty Acid with Neuroprotective Properties-Ready for Use in the Stroke Clinic?; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is plant-based essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids that must be obtained through the diet. This could explain in part why the severe deficiency in omega-3 intake pointed by numerous epidemiologic studies may increase the brain's vulnerability representing an important risk factor in the development and/or deterioration of certain cardio-and neuropathologies. The roles of ALA in neurological disorders remain unclear, especially in stroke that is a leading cause of death. We and others have identified ALA as a potential nutraceutical to protect the brain from stroke, characterized by its pleiotropic effects in neuroprotection, vasodilation of brain arteries, and neuroplasticity. This review highlights how chronic administration of ALA protects against rodent models of hypoxic-ischemic injury and exerts an anti-depressant-like activity, effects that likely involve multiple mechanisms in brain, and may be applied in stroke prevention. One major effect may be through an increase in mature brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a widely expressed protein in brain that plays critical roles in neuronal maintenance, and learning and memory. Understanding the precise roles of ALA in neurological disorders will provide the underpinnings for the development of new therapies for patients and families who could be devastated by these disorders.
Prospective studies of dietary alpha-linolenic acid intake and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis; Individual-based studies that investigated the relation between dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) intake and prostate cancer risk have shown inconsistent results. We carried out a meta-analysis of prospective studies to examine this association. We systematically searched studies published up to December 2008. Log relative risks (RRs) were weighted by the inverse of their variances to obtain a pooled estimate with its 95% confidence interval (CI). We identified five prospective studies that met our inclusion criteria and reported risk estimates by categories of ALA intake. Comparing the highest to the lowest ALA intake category, the pooled RR was 0.97 (95% CI: 0.86-1.10) but the association was heterogeneous. Using the reported numbers of cases and non-cases in each category of ALA intake, we found that subjects who consumed more than 1.5 g/day of ALA compared with subjects who consumed less than 1.5 g/day had a significant decreased risk of prostate cancer: RR = 0.95 (95% CI: 0.91-0.99). Divergences in results could partly be explained by differences in sample sizes and adjustment but they also highlight limits in dietary ALA assessment in such prospective studies. Our findings support a weak protective association between dietary ALA intake and prostate cancer risk but further research is needed to conclude on this question.
Carotid and femoral plaque burden is inversely associated with the α-linolenic acid proportion of serum phospholipids in Spanish subjects with primary dyslipidemia; Objective: alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA), the vegetable n-3 fatty acid, appears to have antiatherosclerotic properties akin to those of marine n-3 fatty acids. A prior study in a US population with low fish intake showed an inverse association between ALA intake and carotid plaque. We examined the association between the ALA status and advanced carotid and femoral atherosclerosis in subjects at high cardiovascular disease risk from Spain, a country with low coronary heart disease (CHD) rates and high fish consumption.
alpha-linolenic acid and marine long-chain n-3 fatty acids differ only slightly in their effects on hemostatic factors in healthy subjects; The effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) on hemostatic factors were compared. Healthy subjects (29 women and 17 men aged 20-44 y) received either linseed oil (average ALA intake: 5.9 g/d) or fish oil plus sunflower oil (average EPA + DHA intake: 5.2 g/d) for 4 wk. The supplemented amount of fat was 1.19 mg/kJ (I g/200 kcal) calculated energy expenditure. Stability of habitual diets was monitored. Blood samples were collected at baseline, at the end of the experimental period, and after a 12-wk follow-up period. Different changes in the study groups were seen only in serum cholesterol and triacylglycerols, platelet fatty acid composition, and ADP-induced platelet aggregation. The treatments did not differ in their effects on collagen-induced platelet aggregation and thromboxane production, aggregation to the thromboxane A(2) mimic I-BOP, urinary excretion of Il-dehydro-thromboxane B-2 and beta-thromboglobulin, bleeding time, plasma fibrinogen concentration, antithrombin III activity, factor VII coagulant activity, or activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor 1. The results indicate that supplemented ALA from vegetable oil and EPA and DHA from a marine source have largely parallel effects on hemostatic factors.
ALPHA-LINOLENIC-ACID-ENRICHED AND DOCOSAHEXAENOIC-ACID-ENRICHED EGGS FROM HENS FED FLAXSEED - INFLUENCE ON BLOOD-LIPIDS AND PLATELET PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACIDS IN HUMANS; This study was undertaken to examine the effects that consumption of eggs from hens fed diets containing flaxseed would have on plasma and platelet lipids of male volunteers. Feeding diets containing 0%, 10%, and 20% ground flaxseed to Leghorn pullets provided a marked progressive increase in n-3 fatty acid content as alpha-linolenic acid (alpha-LNA) (28, 261, and 527 mg/egg) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (51, 81, and 87 mg/egg) but no alteration in the cholesterol concentration of the egg yolk. Twenty-eight male volunteers, divided into three groups, were fed four eggs per day for 2 wk according to a cyclic Latin square design. No statistically significant changes were observed in total cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, or plasma triglyceride concentrations. Significant increases in total n-3 fatty acids and in DHA content (which rose from 1.5 to 2.0% by wt or 33% overall), and a significant decrease in ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were found in platelet phospholipids of subjects consuming eggs from flaxseed-fed hens. Health and Welfare Canada in 1990 set recommended intakes for dietary n-3 fatty acids and for the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids, which are not being met currently by the overall population. Eggs modified by the inclusion of flaxseed in the laying hens' diet could provide an important nutritional source of n-3 fatty acid.
Health benefits of plant-derived α-linolenic acid; alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is an n-3 (omega-3) fatty acid found mostly in plant foods such as flaxseed, walnuts, and vegetable oils, including canola and soybean oils. Most of the health benefits observed for n-3 fatty acids have been attributed to the marine-derived long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid, because of the strength of evidence from both epidemiologic studies and randomized controlled trials. Furthermore, the observed cardioprotective and other health effects of ALA have been credited to its precursor role in converting to EPA in the body. The promotion of fatty fish consumption for its documented health benefits may not be practical for those who are concerned with the unsustainability of marine sources or who avoid eating fish for a variety of reasons. ALA-rich plant sources are more abundant and may serve as a suitable alternate. It is therefore worthwhile to consider the evidence for the health benefits of ALA. The purpose of this review is to present the evidence from recent studies on the association between ALA and cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and fracture risk. The potential mechanisms that explain these associations will also be briefly discussed.
Alpha linolenic acid intake alleviates myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury via the P2X7R/NF-κB signalling pathway; This study investigated the protective role of a-linolenic acid (ALA) in myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MI/R) injury. ALA was indicated to dose-dependently protect myocardium against I/R injury, attenuate purinergic P2X7 receptor (P2X7R) activation, prevent NF-kappa B13 activation, and inhibit tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) production in I/R myocardium. Overexpression of P2X7R enhanced NF-kappa B activation, inflammation and MI/R injury, which could be alleviated by ALA. In vitro hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R) H9c2 cells, ALA could also inhibit P2X7R activation, NF-kappa 3 activation and TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta production. Molecular docking analysis indicated ALA may hamper the activation of P2X7R. The functional relevance of ALA directly regulated P2X7R and the subsequent NF-kappa B signalling was supported by inhibition of P2X7R with A438079 (P2X7R antagonist) as well as suppression of NF-kappa B by PDTC (NF-KB inhibitor) in H9c2 H/R cells transfected with pcDNA3.0-P2X7R plasmid. These findings demonstrated that ALA attenuates inflammation and MI/R injury through down-regulating P2X7R/NF-kappa B signalling pathway.
Intake of α-linolenic acid is not consistently associated with a lower risk of peripheral artery disease: results from a Danish cohort study; Intake of the plant-derived n-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) has been associated with anti-atherosclerotic properties. However, information on the association between ALA intake and development of peripheral artery disease (PAD) is lacking. In this follow-up study, we investigated the association between dietary intake of ALA and the rate of PAD among middle-aged Danish men and women enrolled into the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort between 1993 and 1997. Incident PAD cases were identified through the Danish National Patient Register. Intake of ALA was assessed using a validated FFQ. Statistical analyses were performed using Cox proportional hazard regression allowing for separate baseline hazards among sexes and adjusted for established risk factors for PAD. During a median of 13 center dot 6 years of follow-up, we identified 950 valid cases of PAD with complete information on covariates. The median energy-adjusted ALA intake within the cohort was 1 center dot 76 g/d (95 % central range: 0 center dot 94-3 center dot 28). In multivariable analyses, we found no statistically significant association between intake of ALA and the rate of PAD (P = 0 center dot 339). Also, no statistically significant associations were observed in analyses including additional adjustment for co-morbidities and in sex-specific analyses. In supplemental analyses with additional adjustment for potential dietary risk factors, we found a weak inverse association of PAD with ALA intake above the median, but the association was not statistically significant (P = 0 center dot 314). In conclusion, dietary intake of ALA was not consistently associated with decreased risk of PAD.
Is there A Role for Alpha-Linolenic Acid in the Fetal Programming of Health?; The role of 3 alpha linolenic acid (ALA) in the maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation, and its effect on the prevention of disease and programming of health in offspring, is largely unknown. Compared to ALA, 3 docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) acids have been more widely researched due to their direct implication in fetal neural development. In this literature search we found that ALA, the essential 3 fatty acid and metabolic precursor of DHA and EPA has been, paradoxically, almost unexplored. In light of new and evolving findings, this review proposes that ALA may have an intrinsic role, beyond the role as metabolic parent of DHA and EPA, during fetal development as a regulator of gene programming for the prevention of metabolic disease and promotion of health in offspring.
Systemic inflammation in morbidly obese subjects: Response to oral supplementation with alpha-linolenic acid; Background: Morbidly obese patients frequently display asymptomatic chronic activation of acute phase response, with potentially adverse metabolic and cardiovascular consequences. Nutritional preparations to improve this phenomenon have rarely been administered. Aiming to investigate the supplementation of flaxseed flour, a source of omega-3 fatty acids, a prospective randomized double-blind cross-over study was designed.
ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID - A PREVENTIVE IN SECONDARY CORONARY EVENTS; In a 5-year study(1) of survivors of a first myocardial infarction, the effect of an alpha-linolenic acid-enriched diet (experimental) was compared with the prudent diet of the American Heart Association (control) in prevention of secondary coronary events. After a mean follow-up of 27 months, there were 5 nonfatal myocardial infarctions and 3 cardiac deaths in the experimental group versus 17 nonfatal myocardial infarctions and 16 cardiac deaths in the control group. Overall mortality was 20 in the control and 8 in the experimental group. An alpha-linolenic acid-enriched diet appears to be effective in secondary prevention of coronary events, but a follow-up trial with a larger sample size is suggested.
NUTRITIONAL EFFECT OF ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID ON HONEY BEE COLONY DEVELOPMENT (<i>APIS MELLIFERA</i> L.); Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which is an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), influences honey bee feed intake and longevity. The objective of this study was to research the effect of six dietary ALA levels on the growth and development of Apis mellifera ligustica colonies. In the early spring, a total of 36 honey bee colonies of equal size and queen quality were randomly allocated into 6 groups. The six groups of honey bees were fed a basal diet with supplementation of ALA levels at 0 (group A), 2 (group B), 4 (group C), 6 (group D), 8 (group E), and 10% (group F). In this study, there were significant effects of pollen substitute ALA levels on the feeding amounts of the bee colony, colony population, sealed brood amount, and weight of newly emerged workers (P<0.05). The workers' midgut Lipase (LPS) activity of group C was significantly lower than that of the other groups (P<0.01). The worker bees in groups B, C, and D had significantly longer lifespans than those in the other groups (P<0.05). However, when the diets had ALA concentrations of more than 6%, the mortality of the honey bees increased (P<0.01). These results indicate that ALA levels of 2 similar to 4% of the pollen substitute were optimal for maintaining the highest reproductive performance and the digestion and absorption of fatty acids in honey bees during the period of spring multiplication. Additionally, ALA levels of 2 similar to 6% of the pollen substitute, improved worker bee longevity.
Alpha-linolenic acid intake prevents endothelial dysfunction in high-fat diet-fed streptozotocin rats and underlying mechanisms; Background: Endothelial dysfunction is an important factor in the pathogenesis of diabetes related vascular complications, and acute alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) intake can increase flow-mediated dilation of the diabetic artery at 4 h postprandially. However, whether chronic ALA supplementation may prevent endothelial dysfunction in the process of diabetes and underlying mechanisms remains largely unknown.
Dietary and Circulating Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Mortality Risk After Myocardial Infarction: A Long-Term Follow-Up of the Alpha Omega Cohort; BACKGROUND: Habitual intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, especially eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA+DHA) from fish, has been associated with a lower risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) in population--based studies. Whether that is also the case for patients with CHD is not yet clear. We studied the associations of dietary and circulating EPA+DHA and alpha-linolenic acid, a plant-derived omega-3 fatty acids, with long-term mortality risk after myocardial infarction.
Stability of elevated α-linolenic acid derived from wild soybean (<i>Glycine soja</i> Sieb. & Zucc.) across environments; Previous studies reported that omega-3 fatty acid and alpha-linolenic acid are important compounds that prevent cardiovascular disease and cancer in humans. Soybean [Glycine max (L.) Merr.] oil typically contains similar to 8 % alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Elevated (similar to 15 %) ALA content in seed oil is a trait of wild soybeans (G. soja Sieb. and Zucc.). Decreasing the ratio of linoleic acid (LA) to ALA to 4: 1 or lower (compared to the ratio of 6 or 7: 1 found in commercial soybean seed) should have health benefits for humans. This study was conducted to determine the environmental stability of elevated ALA acid recombinant inbred lines (RILs) derived from a cross of PI 483463 (wild soybean with 15 % ALA) and Hutcheson (cultivar with 9 % ALA). The fatty acid profile analysis from nine environments showed that the content of ALA for the RILs 156, 159 and 166 ranged from 10.7 to 15.7, 14.0 to 15.8, and 14.8 to 15.8, and averaged 13.9, 14.9, and 15.2 % respectively. The contents of ALA from these RILs and the wild soybean parent showed consistently higher than cultivated check soybeans. Two of the three RILs with elevated ALA content and ratios of <4:1 LA to ALA were as stable in ALA content as the high and low linolenic acid parents across growing environments. This indicates that lines with elevated ALA content developed from wild soybean PI 483463 are stable in ALA across environments and would be useful in improving soybeans with lower LA to ALA ratios.
α-Linolenic acid attenuates pseudo-allergic reactions by inhibiting Lyn kinase activity; Background: Pseudo-allergic reactions are potentially fatal hypersensitivity responses caused by mast cell activation. alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is known for its anti-allergic properties. However, its potential anti-pseudo-allergic effects were not much investigated.
The influence of dietary and supplemental omega-3 fatty acids on the omega-3 index: A scoping review; Introduction: The majority of the population do not consume adequate omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA), leading to global deficiencies, as evidenced by poor omega-3 status. An indicator of overall n-3 FA status, omega3-index (O3i) >= 8% has been associated with reduced risk of chronic disease, most notably cardiovascular disease. Thus, a synthesis of current research summarizing the effects of n-3 FA intake on O3i is warranted to develop and refine clinical recommendations. The purpose of this scoping review was to evaluate the effect of n-3 FA interventions and estimate sufficient n-3 FA intake to improve O3i to meet recommendations.Methods: Search criteria were human studies published in English from 2004 to 2022 that assessed O3i at baseline and following an n-3 FA intervention.Results: Fifty-eight studies that met inclusion criteria were identified. Protocols included fish consumption, fortified foods, combined eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplements, supplements of single n-3 FA (alpha linolenic acid (ALA), EPA, DHA, etc.), and supplements providing multiple n-3 FA. Dietary supplements varied in chemical composition; the most common were triglycerides or ethyl esters. The lowest supplementation protocol was 100 mg/d, and the largest was 4,400 mg/d EPA and DHA. Supplementation time period ranged from 3 weeks to 1 year. At baseline, three study samples had mean O3i > 8%, although many intervention protocols successfully increased O3i.Discussion: Generally, the lowest doses shown to be effective in raising O3i to recommended levels were > 1,000 mg/d of combination DHA plus EPA for 12 weeks or longer. Supplements composed of triglycerides were more bioavailable and thus more effective than other formulas. Based on the data evaluated, practical recommendations to improve O3i to >= 8% are consumption of 1,000-1,500 mg/d EPA plus DHA as triglycerides for at least 12 weeks.
Erythrocyte stearidonic acid and other <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and CHD in the Physicians' Health Study; Intake of marine-based n-3 fatty acids (EPA, docosapentaenoic acid and DHA) is recommended to prevent CHD. Stearidonic acid (SDA), a plant-based n-3 fatty acid, is a precursor of EPA and may be more readily converted to EPA than alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). While transgenic soyabeans might supply SDA at low cost, it is unclear whether SDA is associated with CHD risk. Furthermore, associations of other n-3 fatty acids with CHD risk remain inconsistent. The present ancillary study examined the association of erythrocyte SDA as well as other n-3 fatty acids with the risk of CHD. In a prospective nested case-control study of the Physicians' Health Study, we randomly selected 1000 pairs of incident CHD with matching controls. Erythrocyte fatty acids were measured using GC. We used conditional logistic regression to estimate relative risks. Mean age was 68.7 (SD 8.7) years. In a multivariable model controlling for matching factors and established CHD risk factors, OR for CHD for each standard deviation increase of log-SDA was 1.03 (95% CI 0.90, 1.18). Corresponding values for log-ALA and log-marine n-3 fatty acids were 1.04 (95% CI 0.94, 1.16) and 0.97 (95% CI 0.88, 1.07), respectively. In conclusion, the present data did not show an association among erythrocyte SDA, ALA or marine n-3 fatty acids and the risk of CHD in male physicians.
Fish intake, marine omega-3 fatty acids, and mortality in a cohort of postmenopausal women; Intake of fish or omega-3 fatty acids may decrease risk of total and coronary heart disease death, but evidence from low-risk populations is less 'convincing. The authors assessed intake by using a food frequency questionnaire at baseline in a cohort of Iowa women aged 55-69 years. Among women initially free of heart disease and cancer (4,653 deaths over 442,965 person-years), there was an inverse age- and energy-adjusted association between total mortality and fish intake, with a relative risk of 0.82 (95% confidence interval: 0.74, 0.91) for the highest versus lowest quintile. Age- and energy-adjusted associations also were inverse (p for trend < 0.05), although not entirely monotonic, for cardiovascular, coronary heart disease, and cancer mortality. Adjustment for multiple other risk factors attenuated all associations to statistically nonsignificant levels. Estimated marine omega-3 fatty acid intake also was not associated with total or cause-specific mortality. In comparison, plant-derived α-linolenic acid was inversely associated with mortality after multivariable adjustment. Intake of neither fish nor marine omega-3 fatty acids was associated with breast cancer incidence. These findings do not argue against recommending fish as part of a healthy diet, as other evidence suggests benefit. Nevertheless; the authors of this 1986-2000 study could not verify that fish and marine omega-3 fatty acid intake had independent health benefits in these postmenopausal women.
Protective Effect of Alpha-Linolenic Acid on Human Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma Metastasis and Apoptotic Cell Death; Oral cancer ranks sixth among Taiwan's top 10 cancers and most patients with poor prognosis acquire metastases. The essential fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) has been found to diminish many cancer properties. However, the anti-cancer activity of ALA in oral cancer has yet to be determined. We examined the mechanisms underlying ALA inhibition of metastasis and induction of apoptotic cell death in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC). Migration and invasion assays confirmed the cancer cells' EMT capabilities, whereas flow cytometry and Western blotting identified molecular pathways in OSCC. ALA dramatically reduced cell growth in a concentration-dependent manner according to the findings. Low concentrations of ALA (100 or 200 mu M) inhibit colony formation, the expression of Twist and EMT-related proteins, the expression of MMP2/-9 proteins, and enzyme activity, as well as cell migration and invasion. Treatment with high concentrations of ALA (200 or 400 mu M) greatly increases JNK phosphorylation and c-jun nuclear accumulation and then upregulates the FasL/caspase8/caspase3 and Bid/cytochrome c/caspase9/caspase3 pathways, leading to cell death. Low concentrations of ALA inhibit SAS and GNM cell migration and invasion by suppressing Twist and downregulating EMT-related proteins or by decreasing the protein expression and enzyme activity of MMP-2/-9, whereas high concentrations of ALA promote apoptosis by activating the JNK/FasL/caspase 8/caspase 3-extrinsic pathway and the Bid/cytochrome c/caspase 9 pathway. ALA demonstrates potential as a treatment for OSCC patients.
Association between dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and all-cause and cardiovascular mortality among hypertensive adults: Results from NHANES 1999-2018; Background: Hypertensive adults are at a higher risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (N3-PUFA) intake has been associated with cardiovascular benefits. However, few studies have specifically investigated whether dietary intake of N3-PUFA is associated with lower risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality among hypertensive adults in the U.S.Methods: This prospective cohort study included 26,914 hypertensive individuals 18 years or older who participated in 10 NHANES cycles from 1999 to 2018. Dietary levels of N3-PUFA were obtained from the 24-hour dietary recalls. The dietary data were linked to mortality records from the National Death Index through December 31, 2019. The associations between dietary N3-PUFA levels and mortality were evaluated by constructing the Multivariable Cox Proportional Hazards models.Results: We observed an increasing trend of dietary N3-PUFA intake levels over the years, mainly driven by alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Lower all-cause mortality risk was observed among hypertensive adults with higher consumption of total N3-PUFA [adjusted hazards ratio, 95% confidence interval: 0.91 (0.86, 0.97)], plant-based ALA [0.88 (0.83, 0.93)], fish oil-based eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) thorn docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [0.91 (0.83, 0.99)], EPA [0.93 (0.88, 0.98)], docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) [0.73 (0.58, 0.91)], or DHA [0.95 (0.90, 0.99)]. Hypertensive adults were at lower risk of cardiovascular mortality if their diet contained higher levels of total N3-PUFA [0.68 (0.53, 0.88)], ALA [0.89 (0.80, 0.99)], EPA [0.87 (0.79, 0.97)] or DPA [0.86 (0.78, 0.95)]. Weighted quantile sum analysis showed that ALA, EPA, and DPA were the main contributors of the N3-PUFA benefits against mortality among hypertensive adults.Conclusions: Dietary intake of N3-PUFA, particularly ALA, EPA, and DPA, was associated with lower risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality among U.S. hypertensive adults. These findings suggest that increasing dietary intake of N3-PUFA may serve as a potential strategy to lower hypertension-associated mortality risk.0 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Long-term dietary supplementation with plant-derived omega-3 fatty acid improves outcome in experimental ischemic stroke; Background and aims: Early revascularization -the gold standard therapy for ischemic stroke- is often withheld in the elderly population due to high risk of complications. Thus, safe and effective preventive and therapeutic options are needed. The plant-derived omega-3-fatty-acid alpha-linolenic-acid (ALA) has emerged as a novel cardiovascular-protective agent. As of yet, little is known about its potential therapeutic effects on stroke. We hereby aimed to investigate the impact of a clinically relevant long-term dietary intervention with ALA on stroke outcome.
Augmented bioavailability of felodipine through an α-linolenic acid-based microemulsion; The oral bioavailability of felodipine, a dihydropyridine calciumchannel antagonist, is about 15%. This may be due to poor water solubility, and a lower intestinal permeability than a BCS class I drug, and hepatic first-pass metabolism of the drug. Many drugs are unpopular due to solubility issues. The goal of this study was to develop and optimize a felodipine-containing microemulsion to improve the intestinal permeability and bioavailability of the drug. The felodipine microemulsions were developed with the selected components, i.e., alpha-linolenic acid as the oil phase, Tween 80 as a surfactant, and isopropyl alcohol as co-surfactant using Box-Behnken design and characterized for in vitro release and particle size. The optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion was investigated for physicochemical interaction, surface morphology, intestinal permeability, rheology, cytotoxicity, cellular uptake, pharmacodynamic (electrocardiogram and heart rate variability), and pharmacokinetic studies to explore its suitability as a promising oral drug delivery system for the treatment of hypertension. The optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion showed significantly higher (P < 0.05) apparent permeability coefficients (Papp) at 7.918 x 10(-5) cm/s after 1 h, when compared with conventional formulations that are marketed tablet, drug oily solution, and drug emulsion, which showed a maximum Papp of 3.013, 4.428, and 5.335 x 10(-5) cm/s, respectively. The optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion showed biocompatibility and no cytotoxicity. Cellular uptake studies confirmed payload delivery to a cellular site on the J774.A1 cell line. The rheology study of the optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion revealed Newtonian-type flow behavior and discontinuous microemulsion formation. In pharmacodynamic studies, significant differences in parameters were observed between the optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion and marketed formulation. The optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion showed significantly higher (p < 0.01) C-max (7.12 +/- 1.04 mu g/ml) than marketed tablets (2.44 +/- 1.03 mu g/ml). It was found that AUC(last) obtained from the optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion (84.53 +/- 10.73 mu g h/ml) was significantly higher (p < 0.01) than the marketed tablet (27.41 +/- 5.54 mu g h/ml). The relative bioavailability (Fr) of the optimized felodipine-loaded microemulsion was about 308.3% higher than that of the marketed formulation. The results demonstrate that the prepared microemulsion is an advanced and efficient oral delivery system of felodipine for the management of hypertension.
Fish Consumption, Omega-3 Fatty Acids, and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease; Introduction: Data on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in relation to cardiovascular disease are limited in women. The aim of this study was to examine longitudinal relations of tuna and dark fish, alpha-linolenic acid, and marine omega-3 fatty acid intake with incident major cardiovascular disease in women.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY-PROTEIN AND FAT ON LINOLEIC AND ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID METABOLISM AND PROSTACYCLIN PRODUCTION IN STROKE-PRONE SPONTANEOUS HYPERTENSIVE RATS; The effects of dietary proteins (casein or soybean protein) and fats (perilla oil high in alpha-linolenic acid or safflower oil high in linoleic acid) on the fatty acid composition of liver microsomes and the aortic prostacyclin production were studied in stroke-prone spontaneous hypertensive rats. The stimulating effects of casein compared to soybean protein on linoleic acid and cr-linolenic acid metabolism and prostacyclin production were confirmed in this rat model. The ratio of (20:3n-6 + 20:4n-6)/18:2n-6, the linoleic acid desaturation index of liver microsomes was reflected in that of aorta. In addition, there was a highly positive correlation between the linoleic acid desaturation index of phosphatidylcholine and the prostacyclin production of the aorta. Thus, the results of the present study indicated a significant role of dietary protein in the regulation of polyunsaturated fatty acids and hence, the eicosanoid production. The data showed a possible preferable effect of casein in relation to soybean protein.
α-linolenic acid, Δ<SUP>6</SUP>-desaturase gene polymorphism, and the risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction; Background: Delta(6)-Desaturase (FADS2) is the rate-limiting step in the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biosynthetic pathway.
Red blood cell membrane α-linolenic acid and the risk of sudden cardiac arrest; Higher levels of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in red blood cell membranes are associated with lower risk of sudden cardiac arrest. Whether membrane levels of alpha-linolenic acid, a medium-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, show a similar association is unclear. We investigated the association of red blood cell membrane alpha-linolenic acid with sudden attended by paramedics in Seattle, WA (n = 265). Controls, matched to cases by age, sex, and calendar year, were randomly indentified from the community (n = 415). All participants were free of prior clinically diagnosed heart disease. Blood was obtained at the time of cardiac arrest (cases) or at the time of an interview (controls). Higher membrane alpha-linolenic acid was associated with a higher risk of sudden cardiac arrest; after adjustment for matching factors and smoking, diabetes, hypertension, education, physical activity, weight, height, and totla fat intake, the odds ratios corresponding to increasing quartiles of alpha-linolenic acid were 1.7 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.0-3.0), 1.9 (95% CI, 1.1-3.3), and 2.5 (95% CI, 1.3-4.8) compared with the lowest quartile. The association was independent of red blood cell levels of long-chain n-3 fatty acids, trans-fatty acids, and linoleic acid. Higher membrane levels of alpha-linolenic acid are associated with higher risk of sudden cardiac arrest. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulation of the atrial specific Kv1.5 channel by the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, α-linolenic acid; Epidemiological, clinical and experimental studies suggest that the cardioprotective effect of fish intake is mainly due to the antiarrhythmic properties of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), which modulate ion currents. Emerging evidences point to similar effects of a-linolenic acid (ALA), a vegetable n-3 PUFA, but much less is known about its effects on the specific cardiac ion channels. Using electrophysiology, protein biochemistry and fluorescence anisotropy measurements, we tested the effects of ALA on the atrial specific Kv1.5 channel. In stably transfected Ltk(-) cells, ALA blocked Kv1.5 channels in a time- and voltage-dependent manner with an IC50 value of 3.7 +/- 0.3 mu M. ALA at 2.5 mu M inhibited the Kv1.5 current, shifted the midpoint of the activation curve by - 8.8 +/- 4.3 mV (p < 0.05), accelerated the activation kinetics of Kv1.5 due to a negative shift in its voltage dependency and slowed its deactivation process. Marine n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic (EPA and DHA) acids, but not ALA, reduced the steady-state levels of Kv 1.5 protein. DHA, but not ALA, increased the cell membrane order parameter. These results demonstrate that ALA directly blocks atria-specific Kv 1.5 channels without modifying their expression or the bilayer order. Together, these effects suggest that the antiarrhythmic potential of diets enriched with plant-derived n-3 PUFA result, in part, from direct effects on cardiac ion channels. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of flaxseed dose on circulating concentrations of alpha-linolenic acid and secoisolariciresinol diglucoside derived enterolignans in young, healthy adults; The primary endpoint was to determine the plasma concentration of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and its metabolites, following milled flaxseed consumption at four doses. Secondary outcomes focused on plasma enterolignan concentrations and the effects on tolerability, platelet aggregation, plasma lipids and urinary thromboxane levels.
Effect of Alpha-Linolenic Acid Supplementation on Cardiovascular Disease Risk Profile in Individuals with Obesity or Overweight: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Overweight and obesity are highly prevalent worldwide and are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, including sys-tematic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and hypertension. Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is a plant-based essential polyunsaturated fatty acid associated with reduced CVD risks. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effects of supplementation with ALA compared with the placebo on CVD risk factors in people with obesity or overweight (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews Registration No. CRD42023429563). This review included studies with adults using oral supplementation or food or combined interventions containing vegetable sources of ALA. All studies were randomly assigned trials with parallel or crossover designs. The Cochrane Collaboration tool was used for assessing the risk of bias (Version 1). PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Cochrane library databases were searched from inception to April 2023. Nineteen eligible randomized controlled trials, including 1183 participants, were included in the meta-analysis. Compared with placebo, dietary ALA supplementation significantly reduced C-reactive protein concentration (standardized mean difference [SMD] = -0.38 mg/L; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -0.72, -0.04), tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentration (SMD = -0.45 pg/mL; 95% CI: -0.73, -0.17), triglyceride in serum (SMD = -4.41 mg/dL; 95% CI: -5.99, -2.82), and systolic blood pressure (SMD = -0.37 mm Hg; 95% CI: -0.66, -0.08); but led to a significant increase in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations (SMD = 1.32 mg/dL; 95% CI: 0.05, 2.59). ALA supplementation had no significant effect on interleukin-6, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (all P >= 0.05). Subgroup analysis revealed that ALA supplementation at a dose of >= 3 g/d from flaxseed and flaxseed oil had a more prominent effect on improving CVD risk profiles, particularly where the intervention duration was >= 12 wk and where the baseline CVD profile was poor.
Omacor and Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Treatment of Coronary Artery Disease and the Pleiotropic Effects; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are found in fish oil and they have been shown to mitigate the risk of cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 fatty acids are essential fatty acids because they cannot be synthesized de novo and must be consumed from dietary sources such as marine fish. It reduces fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary artery disease, sudden cardiac death, and all-cause mortality. It also has beneficial effects in mortality reduction after a myocardial infarction. Omacor is a highly potent form of Omega-3 fatty acids that lowers plasma triglycerides. In patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia who are refractory to statins, it helps augment triglyceride reduction. Omacor also increases high-density lipoprotein and decreases low-density lipoprotein levels. It is well tolerated with minimal adverse effects and no known interactions causing rhabdomyolysis. In high doses, Omacor has pronounced cardiovascular benefits with improvement of triglycerides and various lipid parameters. Omega-3 fatty acids have also been shown to have beneficial effects on arrhythmias, inflammation, and heart failure. It may also decrease platelet aggregation and induce vasodilation. Omega-3 fatty acids also reduce atherosclerotic plaque formation and stabilize plaques preventing plaque rupture leading to acute coronary syndrome. Moreover, omega-3 fatty acids may have antioxidant properties that improve endothelial function and may contribute to its antiatherosclerotic benefits. In this review, we sought to provide the current literature on the use of omega-3 fatty acids and the potent formulation Omacor in the treatment of coronary artery disease.
Effect of dietary α-linolenic acid on thrombotic risk factors in vegetarian men; Background: Vegetarians have lower platelet and plasma concentrations of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) than do omnivores, We recently showed that male vegetarians have higher platelet aggregability than do omnivores.
Effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid-enriched diacylglycerol oil on embryo/fetal development in rats; Recent studies suggest that diets supplemented with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-enriched diacylglycerol (DAG) oil provide potential health benefits in preventing or managing obesity. However, available safety information about reproductive and developmental toxicities of ALA-DAG oil is limited. This study was conducted to clarify the effect, if any, of ALA-DAG oil on embryo-fetal development, following maternal exposure during the critical period of major organogenesis. ALA-DAG oil was administered via gavage to pre-mated female Sprague Dawley rats from gestation day 6 through 19, at dose levels of 0, 1.25, 2.5, and 5.0 mL/kg/day (equivalent to 0, 1149, 2325, and 4715 mg/kg/day, respectively), with total volume adjusted to 5 mL/kg/day with rapeseed oil. All females survived to the scheduled necropsy. There were no treatment-related changes in clinical or internal findings, maternal body weights, feed consumption, intrauterine growth, survival, and number of implantations. No ALA-DAG oil-related fetal malformations or developmental variations were noted. A maternal maximum tolerated dose for ALA-DAG oil could not be achieved in this study. Based on these results, a dose level of 5.0 mL/kg (4715 mg/kg/day), the highest dose tested, was considered as the no-observed-adverse-effect level (NOAEL) for both maternal and developmental toxicity.
Protective effects of perilla oil and alpha linolenic acid on SH-SY5Y neuronal cell death induced by hydrogen peroxide; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Oxidative stress plays a key role in neuronal cell damage, which is associated with neurodegenerative disease. The aim of present study was to investigate the neuroprotective effects of perilla oil (PO) and its active component, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), against hydrogen peroxide (H2O2)-induced oxidative stress in SH-SY5Y neuronal cells.& para;& para;MATERIALS/METHODS: The SH-SY5Y human neuroblastoma cells exposed to 250 pM H2O2 for 24 h were treated with different concentrations of PO (25, 125, 250 and 500 mu g/mL) and its major fatty acid, ALA (1, 2.5, 5 and 25 mu pg/mL). We examined the effects of PO and ALA on H2O2-induced cell viability, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release, and nuclear condensation. Moreover, we determined whether PO and ALA regulated the apoptosis-related protein expressions, such as cleaved-poly ADP ribose polymerase (PARP), cleaved caspase-9 and -3, BCL-2 and BAX.& para;& para;RESULTS: Treatment of H2O2 resulted in decreased cell viability, increased LDH release, and increase in the nuclei condensation as indicated by Hoechst 33342 staining. However, PO and ALA treatment significantly attenuated the neuronal cell death, indicating that PO and ALA potently blocked the H2O2-induced neuronal apoptosis. Furthermore, cleaved-PARP, cleaved caspase-9 and -3 activations were significantly decreased in the presence of PO and ALA, and the H2O2-mediated up-regulated BAX/BCL-2 ratio was blocked after treatment with PO and ALA.& para;& para;CONCLUSIONS: PO and its main fatty acid, ALA, exerted the protective activity from neuronal oxidative stress induced by H2O2. They regulated apoptotic pathway in neuronal cell death by alleviation of BAX/BCL-2 ratio, and down-regulation of cleaved-PARP and cleaved caspase-9 and -3. Although further studies are required to verify the protective mechanisms of PO and ALA from neuronal damage, PO and ALA are the promising agent against oxidative stress-induced apoptotic neuronal cell death.
Increased α-Linolenic Acid Intake during Pregnancy is Associated with Higher Offspring Birth Weight; Background: The amount and type of fat in the maternal diet during pregnancy are important contributors to fetal growth. The importance of plant-based omega-3 fatty acid (a-linolenic acid, ALA) intake in fetal growth has not been previously examined.
Effect of alpha-linolenic acid in combination with the flavonol quercetin on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy, non-obese adults: A randomized, double-blinded placebo-controlled crossover trial; Objectives: Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and quercetin are characteristic compounds in plant-based diets. Cardioprotective effects have been described for both substances, although a possible benefit of combining ALA and quercetin has not, to our knowledge, been evaluated yet. The aim of this study was to investigate the potential independent and additive effects of ALA and quercetin on blood pressure (BP) and lipid and glucose metabolism, as well as on biomarkers of inflammation, oxidative stress, and antioxidant status in healthy, non-obese men and women. Another aim was to examine whether chronic supplementation of supranutritional doses of quercetin would result in an accumulation of plasma quercetin concentration over time.
Effects of alpha-linolenic acid versus those of EPA/DHA on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy elderly subjects; Objective: To compare the effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, C18: 3n-3) to those of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20: 5n-3) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22: 6n-3) on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy elderly subjects.
Marine OMEGA-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease; Omega-6 (omega 6) and omega-3 (omega 3) fatty acids are two classes of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from linoleic acid (18:2 omega 6) and alpha-linolenic acid (18:3 omega 3), respectively. Enzymatic metabolism of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids generates arachidonic acid (20:4 omega 6) and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 omega 3; EPA), respectively, both of which are substrates for enzymes that yield eicosanoids with multiple and varying physiological functions. Further elongation and desaturation of EPA yields the 22-carbon fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 omega 3; DHA). The main dietary source of EPA and DHA for human consumption is fish, especially oily fish.
Bioavailability and metabolism of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in pigs and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched pork: A review; Omega (omega)-3 fatty acids are important in mitigating the risk for cardiovascular diseases and may have long-term beneficial effects on the development of infants, immune system, and bone health, the prevention and mitigation of cancer and various mental illnesses, and others in humans. Unfortunately, the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids is inadequate in people, especially in the populations of most of the Western industrialized countries. Common foods such as meat products contain insufficient amount of omega-3 fatty acids, and pork is no exception. Pork has been the most widely consumed meat in the world, and it accounted for slightly more than 40% of the world meat consumption in 2018. Enriching pork with omega-3 fatty acids may be an effective way to increase the omega-3 fatty acid intake and may improve the omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio or omega-3 index in health-conscious consumers. Several plant oilseeds are high in a-linolenic acid, and supplementation of pig diets with oilseeds can generally enhance the content of omega-3 fatty acids, such as alpha-linolenic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, in the tissues and organs of pigs. Unfortunately, the conversion of alpha-linolenic acid to docosahexaenoic acid seems to be inefficient in pigs because its pathway is tightly regulated in mammals, and further research will be necessary to overcome such a challenge. Nevertheless, pork can be enriched with omega-3 fatty acids by supplementation of pig diets with some plant oil seeds, such as flaxseed, without adverse effects on the quality or organoleptic characteristics of pork. Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids on human health have been well documented over the years. Therefore, it is possible that the production of omega-3 FA-enriched pork may have a positive impact on the health and well-being of human beings. In this review, the focus was placed on the bioavailability and metabolism of omega-3 fatty acids and the efficiency of different dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids in the production of omega-3 fatty acid-enriched pork.
Neuroprotective Effect of Alpha-Linolenic Acid against Aβ-Mediated Inflammatory Responses in C6 Glial Cell; Therapeutic approaches for neurodegeneration, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), have been widely studied. One of the critical hallmarks of AD is accumulation of amyloid beta (A beta). A beta induces neurotoxicity and releases inflammatory mediators or cytokines through activation of glial cell, and these pathological features are observed in AD patient's brain. The purpose of this study is to investigate the protective effect of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on A beta(23-35)-induced neurotoxicity in C6 glial cells. Exposure of C6 glial cells to 50 mu M A beta(25-35) caused cell death, overproduction of nitric oxide (NO), and proinflammatory cytokines release [interleukin (IL)-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha], while treatment of ALA increased cell viability and markedly attenuated A beta(25-35)-induced excessive production of NO and those inflammatory cytokines. Inhibitory effect of ALA on generation of NO and cytokines was mediated by down-regulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 protein and mRNA expressions. In addition, ALA treatment inhibited reactive oxygen species generation induced by A beta(25-35) through the enhancement of the nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor-2 (Nrf-2) protein levels and subsequent induction of heme-oxygenase-1 (HO-1) expression in C6 glial cells dose- and time-dependently. Furthermore, the levels of neprilysin and insulin-degrading enzyme protein expressions, which contribute to degradation of A beta, were also increased by treatment of ALA compared to A beta(23-35)-treated control group. In conclusion, effects of ALA on A beta degradation were shown to be mediated through inhibition of inflammatory responses and activation of antioxidative system, Nrf-2/HO-1 signaling pathway, in C6 glial cells. Our findings suggest that ALA might have the potential for therapeutics of AD.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation improves lipid metabolism and endothelial function by providing a beneficial eicosanoid-pattern in patients with acute myocardial infarction: A randomized, controlled trial; Background & aims: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) have been reported to have beneficial cardiovascular effects, but its mechanism of protection against acute myocardial infarction (AMI) who are under guideline-based therapy is not fully understood. Here, we used a metabolomic approach to systematically analyze the eicosanoid metabolites induced by 6)-3 PUFA supplementation and investigated the underlying mechanisms.
The ω-3 fatty acid α-linolenic acid extends <i>Caenorhabditis</i> <i>elegans</i> lifespan via NHR-49/PPARα and oxidation to oxylipins; The dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been linked to a reduction in the incidence of aging-associated disease including cardiovascular disease and stroke. Additionally, long-lived Caenorhabditis elegans glp-1 germ line-less mutant animals show a number of changes in lipid metabolism including the increased production of the omega-3 fatty acid, a-linolenic acid (ALA). Here, we show that the treatment of C. elegans with ALA produces a dose-dependent increase in lifespan. The increased longevity of the glp-1 mutant animals is known to be dependent on both the NHR-49/PPARa and SKN-1/Nrf2 transcription factors, although the mechanisms involved are incompletely understood. We find that ALA treatment increased the lifespan of wild-type worms and that these effects required both of these transcription factors. Specifically, NHR-49 was activated by ALA to promote the expression of genes involved in the beta-oxidation of lipids, whereas SKN-1 is not directly activated by ALA, but instead, the exposure of ALA to air results in the oxidation of ALA to a group of compounds termed oxylipins. At least one of the oxylipins activates SKN-1 and enhances the increased longevity resulting from ALA treatment. The results show that omega-3 fatty acids inhibit aging and that these effects could reflect the combined effects of the omega-3 fatty acid and the oxylipin metabolites. The benefits of omega-3 fatty acid consumption on human health may similarly involve the production of oxylipins, and differences in oxylipin conversion could account for at least part of the variability found between observational vs. interventional clinical trials.
The association and dose-response relationship between dietary intake of α-linolenic acid and risk of CHD: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Previous studies show inconsistent associations between alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and risk of CHD. We aimed to examine an aggregate association between ALA intake and risk of CHD, and assess for any dose-response relationship. We searched the PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science databases for prospective cohort studies examining associations between ALA intake and CHD, including composite CHD and fatal CHD. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis models, comparing the highest category of ALA intake with the lowest across studies. Subgroup analysis was conducted based on study design, geographic region, age and sex. For dose-response analyses, we used two-stage random-effects dose-response models. In all, fourteen studies of thirteen cohorts were identified and included in the meta-analysis. The pooled results showed that higher ALA intake was associated with modest reduced risk of composite CHD (risk ratios (RR) = 0.91; 95 % CI 0.85, 0.97) and fatal CHD (RR = 0.85; 95 % CI 0.75, 0.96). The analysis showed a J-shaped relationship between ALA intake and relative risk of composite CHD (chi(2) = 21.95, P < 0.001). Compared with people without ALA intake, only people with ALA intake <1.4 g/d showed reduced risk of composite CHD. ALA intake was linearly associated with fatal CHD - every 1 g/d increase in ALA intake was associated with a 12 % decrease in fatal CHD risk (95 % CI -0.21, -0.04). Though a higher dietary ALA intake was associated with reduced risk of composite and fatal CHD, the excess composite CHD risk at higher ALA intakes warrants further investigation, especially through randomised controlled trials.
Consumption of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA, α-linolenic acid and fish is associated with the prevalence of chronic kidney disease; Due to the anti-inflammatory properties of PUFA, it has been suggested that they may protect against kidney damage in adults. However, relatively few epidemiological studies have examined this hypothesis in human subjects. We investigated the association between dietary intakes of PUFA (n-3, n-6 and alpha-linolenic acid), fish and the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD). A total of 2600 Blue Mountains Eye Study (1997-9) participants aged >= 50 years were analysed. Dietary data were collected using a semi-quantitative FFQ, and PUFA and fish intakes were calculated. Baseline biochemistry including serum creatinine was measured. Moderate CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate of <60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Participants in the highest quartile of long-chain n-3 PUFA intake had a significantly reduced likelihood of having CKD compared with those in the lowest quartile of intake (multivariable-adjusted OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.49, 0.99). alpha-Linolenic acid intake was positively associated with CKD (OR, per standard deviation increase in a-linolenic acid, 1.18, 95% CI 1.05, 1.32). Total n-3 PUFA or total n-6 PUFA were not significantly associated with CKD. The highest compared with the lowest quartile of fish consumption was associated with a reduced likelihood of CKD (OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.48, 0.97; P for trend=0.02). The present study shows that an increased dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFA and fish reduces the prevalence of CKD. Hence, a diet rich in n-3 PUFA and fish could have a role in maintaining healthy kidney function, in addition to roles of these nutrients in the prevention and modulation of other diseases.
Omega-3 fatty acids in adipose tissue and risk of myocardial infarction -: The EURAMIC study; Omega-3 fatty acids have potential antiatherogenic, antithrombotic, and antiarrhythmic properties, but their role in coronary heart disease remains controversial. To evaluate the association of omega-3 fatty acids in adipose tissue with the risk of myocardial infarction in men, a case-control study was conducted in eight European countries and Israel. Cases (n=639) included patients with a first myocardial infarction admitted to coronary care units within 24 hours from the onset of symptoms. Controls (n=700) were selected to represent the populations originating the cases. Adipose tissue levels of fatty acids were determined by capillary gas chromatography. The mean (+/-SD) proportion of a-linolenic acid was 0.77% (+/- 0.19) of fatty acids in cases and 0.80% (+/-0.19) of fatty acids in controls (P=0.01). The relative risk for the highest quintile of or-linolenic acid compared with the lowest was 0.42 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.22 to 0.81, P-trend=0.02). After adjusting for classical risk factors, the relative risk for the highest quintile was 0.68 (95% CI 0.31 to 1.49, P-trend=0.38). The mean proportion of docosahexaenoic acid was 0.24% (+/-0.13) of fatty acids in cases and 0.25% (+/-0.13) of fatty acids in controls (P=0.14), with no evidence of association with risk of myocardial infarction. In this large case-control study we could not detect a protective effect of docosahexaenoic acid on the risk of myocardial infarction. The protective effect of a-linolenic acid was attenuated after adjusting for classical risk factors (mainly smoking), but it deserves further research.
Biochemical effects of a diet containing foods enriched with n-3 fatty acids; Background: Results of many studies indicate that consumption of n-3 fatty acids can benefit persons with cardiovascular disease and rheumatoid arthritis. However, encapsulated fish oil is unlikely to be suited to lifetime daily use and recommendations to increase fish intake have not been effective.
Emergence of omega-3 fatty acids in biomedical research; Shortly after the discovery that linoleic acid was an essential fatty acid in 1930, alpha-linolenic acid also was reported to prevent the fatty acid deficiency syndrome in animals. However, several prominent laboratories could not confirm the findings with alpha-linolenic acid, and as a result there was a loss of interest in omega-3 fatty acids in lipid research. Even the findings that a prostaglandin can be synthesized from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is necessary for optimum retinal function generated only limited interest in omega-3 fatty acids. The breakthrough came in the 1970s when Dyerberg and Bang reported that the low incidence of atherosclerotic coronary disease in Greenland Eskimos was due to the high marine lipid content of their diet. They subsequently found that EPA, which was increased in Eskimo plasma, inhibited platelet aggregation, and they concluded that the low incidence of coronary artery disease was due to the anti-thrombotic effect of EPA. This stimulated widespread interest and research in EPA and DHA, leading to the present view that, like their omega-6 counterparts, omega-3 fatty acids have important physiological functions and are essential fatty acids.
ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for the treatment of heart failure: mechanisms and clinical potential; Heart failure (HF) is a complex clinical syndrome with multiple aetiologies. Current treatment options can slow the progression to HF, but overall the prognosis remains poor. Clinical studies suggest that high dietary intake of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3PUFA) found in fish oils (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) may lower the incidence of HF, and that supplementation with pharmacological doses prolongs event-free survival in patients with established HF. The mechanisms for these potential benefits are complex and not well defined. It is well established that fish oil supplementation lowers plasma triglyceride levels, and more recent work demonstrates anti-inflammatory effects, including reduced circulating levels of inflammatory cytokines and arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoids, and elevated plasma adiponectin. In animal studies, fish oil favourably alters cardiac mitochondrial function. All of these effects may work to prevent the development and progression of HF. The omega-3PUFA found in plant sources, alpha-linolenic acid, may also be protective in HF; however, the evidence is not as compelling as for fish oil. This review summarizes the evidence related to use of omega-3PUFA supplementation as a potential treatment for HF and discusses possible mechanisms of action. In general, there is growing evidence that supplementation with omega-3PUFA positively impacts established pathophysiological targets in HF and has potential therapeutic utility for HF patients.
Ω-3 index as a prognosis tool in cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review
Omega-3 PUFA attenuate mice myocardial infarction injury by emerging a protective eicosanoid pattern; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation is a recommended preventive approach against cardiovascular diseases, but its mechanism of protection against myocardial infarction (MI) injury is not fully understood. Eicosanoid metabolomics demonstrated an abnormal eicosanoid profile was in the plasma of mice receiving MI surgery. 19,20-EDP, 17,18-EEQ, 14,15-EET and 9,10-EpOME were decreased, and PGE(2) was increased by the surgery. N-3 PUFA-rich diets feeding or transgene of Fat-1 shifted the eicosanoid profile to an n-3 PUFA dominant style and attenuated the myocardial infarction injury. Multiple logistic regression analysis suggested the degree of MI injury was related with an eicosanoid pattern, composed by eicosanoids derived from both n-3 and n-6 PUFA in the three enzymatic pathways. These results suggested the benefits of n-3 PUFA on MI was achieved synergistically.
Effects of the flavonol quercetin and α-linolenic acid on <i>n</i>-3 PUFA status in metabolically healthy men and women: a randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover trial; Increased dietary intake and tissue status of the long-chain n-3 PUFA, EPA and DHA, is associated with cardiovascular benefits. Epidemiological and animal studies suggest that concomitant nutritive intake of flavonoids may increase the conversion of a-linolenic acid (ALA) to longer-chain n-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA. We investigated the effects of increased ALA intake on fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids and erythrocytes in metabolically healthy men and women and whether fatty acid profiles and ALA conversion were affected by regular quercetin intake or sex. Subjects (n 74) were randomised to receive at least 3.3 g/d ALA with either 190 mg/d quercetin (ALA + quercetin) or placebo (ALA + placebo) in a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover trial with 8-week intervention periods separated by an 8-week washout period. A total of seven subjects dropped out for personal reasons. Data from the remaining sixty-seven subjects (thirty-four males and thirty-three females) were included in the analysis. Both interventions significantly increased serum phospholipid ALA (ALA + placebo: + 69.3%; ALA + quercetin: + 55.8%) and EPA (ALA + placebo: + 37.3%; ALA + quercetin: + 25.5 %). ALA + quercetin slightly decreased DHA concentration by 9.3%. Erythrocyte ALA and EPA significantly increased with both interventions, whereas DHA decreased. Fatty acid composition did not differ between sexes. We found no effect of quercetin. Intake of 3.6 g/d ALA over an 8-week period resulted in increased ALA and EPA, but not DHA, in serum phospholipids and erythrocytes. Neither quercetin supplementation nor sex affected the increment of ALA and relative proportions of n-3 PUFA in serum phospholipids and erythrocytes.
Endothelial vasodilatory function is related to the proportions of saturated fatty acids and alpha-linolenic acid in young men, but not in women; Background Fatty acid composition of serum lipids is associated with cardiovascular disease. As attenuated endothelium-dependent vasodilation (EDV) is an early event in atherosclerosis, we investigated the relationships between endothelial vasodilatory function and the proportion of serum fatty acids, reflecting dietary fat quality, in 74 healthy men and women, aged 20-30 years.
α-Linolenic acid- and docosahexaenoic acid-enriched eggs from hens fed flaxseed: influence on blood lipids and platelet phospholipid fatty acids in humans; This study was undertaken to examine the effects that consumption of eggs from hens fed diets containing flaxseed would have on plasma and platelet lipids of male volunteers. Feeding diets containing 0%, 10%, and 20% ground flaxseed to Leghorn pullets provided a marked progressive increase in n-3 fatty acid content as a-linolenic acid (alpha-LNA) (28, 261, and 527 mg/egg) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (51, 81, and 87 mg/egg) but no alteration in the cholesterol concentration of the egg yolk. Twenty-eight male volunteers, divided into three groups, were fed four eggs per day for 2 wk according to a cyclic Latin-square design. No statistically significant changes were observed in total cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, or plasma triglyceride concentrations. Significant increases in total n-3 fatty acids and in DHA content (which rose from 1.5 to 2.0 % by wt or 33% overall), and a significant decrease in ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were found in platelet phospholipids of subjects consuming eggs from flaxseed-fed hens. Health and Welfare Canada in 1990 set recommended intakes for dietary n-3 fatty acids and for the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids, which are not being met currently by the overall population. Eggs modified by the inclusion of flaxseed in the laying hens' diet could provide an important nutritional source of n-3 fatty acid. Am J Clin Nuir 1995; 62: 81-6.
Integrated multi-omics analysis reveals liver metabolic reprogramming by fish iridovirus and antiviral function of alpha-linolenic acid; Iridovirus poses a substantial threat to global aquaculture due to its high mortality rate; however, the molecular mechanisms underpinning its pathogenesis are not well elucidated. Here, a multi-omics approach was applied to groupers infected with Singapore grouper iridovirus (SGIV), focusing on the roles of key metabolites. Results showed that SGIV induced obvious histopathological damage and changes in metabolic enzymes within the liver. Furthermore, SGIV significantly reduced the contents of lipid droplets, triglycerides, cholesterol, and lipoproteins. Metabolomic analysis indicated that the altered metabolites were enriched in 19 pathways, with a notable down -regulation of lipid metabolites such as glycerophosphates and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), consistent with disturbed lipid homeostasis in the liver. Integration of transcriptomic and metabolomic data revealed that the top enriched pathways were related to cell growth and death and nucleotide, carbohydrate, amino acid, and lipid metabolism, supporting the conclusion that SGIV infection induced liver metabolic reprogramming. Further integrative transcriptomic and proteomic analysis indicated that SGIV infection activated crucial molecular events in a phagosome-immune depression -metabolism dysregulation-necrosis signaling cascade. Of note, integrative multi-omics analysis demonstrated the consumption of ALA and linoleic acid (LA) metabolites, and the accumulation of L-glutamic acid (GA), accompanied by alterations in immune, inflammation, and cell death -related genes. Further experimental data showed that ALA, but not GA, suppressed SGIV replication by activating antioxidant and anti-inflammatory responses in the host. Collectively, these findings provide a comprehensive resource for understanding host response dynamics during fish iridovirus infection and highlight the antiviral potential of ALA in the prevention and treatment of iridoviral diseases.
Association of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with prevalence of metabolic syndrome: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study; Background & aims: Metabolic syndrome (MetS), characterized by abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and insulin resistance is a major public health concern in the United States. Omega-3 fatty acids have been relatively well studied in relation to many individual cardiovascular risk factors; however, their effects on MetS are not well established.
OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACID SUPPLEMENTS AND COGNITIVE DECLINE: SINGAPORE LONGITUDINAL AGING STUDIES; Objective: To determine the association between long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplements intake and cognitive decline in an older Chinese population. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: The Singapore Longitudinal Aging Studies (SLAS), a community-based study in urban region of Singapore. Participants: 1,475 Chinese adults aged >= 55 years. Measurement: omega-3 PUFA supplements intake and Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) were assessed at baseline. MMSE was reassessed at a median of 1.5 years after baseline and cognitive decline was defined as at least 2-points drop in MMSE score from baseline to follow-up. Odds ratios (ORs) of association between n-3 PUFA supplements intake and cognitive decline were calculated in logistic regression models controlling for baseline confounding variables. Results: Daily n-3 PUFA supplements intake was significantly (p=0.024) associated with lower risk of cognitive decline (OR=0.37, 95% C.I. 0.16-0.87) after controlling for age, gender, education, number of medical comorbidity, the presence of vascular risk factors/diseases, smoking, alcohol drinking, depression, APOE e4 allele carrier status, nutritional status, level of leisure activities, baseline MMSE and length of follow-up. The association remained significant (p=0.015) after excluding participants with baseline cognitive impairment (MMSE < 24), diabetes, stroke, and cardiac diseases (OR=0.23, 95% C.I. 0.07-0.75). No statistically significant association (OR=1.02, 95% C.I. 0.81-1.27) of fish consumption with cognitive decline was found. Conclusion: Daily n-3 PUFA supplements consumption was independently associated with less cognitive decline in elderly Chinese.
Beyond Fish Oil Supplementation: The Effects of Alternative Plant Sources of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids upon Lipid Indexes and Cardiometabolic Biomarkers-An Overview; Cardiovascular diseases remain a global challenge, and lipid-associated biomarkers can predict cardiovascular events. Extensive research on cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFAs) is geared towards fish oil supplementation and fish-rich diets. Nevertheless, vegetarianism and veganism are becoming more popular across all segments of society, due to reasons as varied as personal, ethical and religious values, individual preferences and environment-related principles, amongst others. Due to the essentiality of PUFAs, plant sources of n3-PUFAs warrant further consideration. In this review, we have critically appraised the efficacy of plant-derived n3-PUFAs from foodstuffs and supplements upon lipid profile and selected cardiometabolic markers. Walnuts and flaxseed are the most common plant sources of n3-PUFAs, mainly alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and feature the strongest scientific rationale for applicability into clinical practice. Furthermore, walnuts and flaxseed are sources of fibre, potassium, magnesium, and non-essential substances, including polyphenols and sterols, which in conjunction are known to ameliorate cardiovascular metabolism. ALA levels in rapeseed and soybean oils are only slight when compared to flaxseed oil. Spirulina and Chlorella, biomasses of cyanobacteria and green algae, are important sources of n3-PUFAs; however, their benefits upon cardiometabolic markers are plausibly driven by their antioxidant potential combined with their n3-PUFA content. In humans, ALA is not sufficiently bioconverted into eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. However, evidence suggests that plant sources of ALA are associated with favourable cardiometabolic status. ALA supplementation, or increased consumption of ALA-rich foodstuffs, combined with reduced omega-6 (n6) PUFAs intake, could improve the n3/n6 ratio and improve cardiometabolic and lipid profile.
Augmentation of antidepressants with unsaturated fatty acids omega-3 in drug-resistant depression; Aim. The aim of this paper was to evaluate the impact of augmenting administered antidepressant treatment of patients suffering from a severe episode of treatment-resistant recurrent depression or bipolar affective disorder with omega-3 fatty acids and comparing the obtained results with those achieved in the groups of patients potentiated with lithium or lamotrigine.
Polyphenols and ω-3 PUFAs: Beneficial Outcomes to Obesity and Its Related Metabolic Diseases; Obesity is associated with the leading causes of death in the worldwide. On the other hand, the intake of vegetables, fruits and fish is related to the reduction of obesity and other metabolic syndromes. This review aims to highlight the role of ingestion of polyphenols and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in reducing obesity and related metabolic diseases (RMDs). The consumption of vegetables, fish and by-products rich in polyphenols and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), as well as oils rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with a decrease in obesity and its RMDs in consumers. Furthermore, we discussed the adequate amount of extracts, powder, polyphenols, omega-3 PUFAs administrated in animal models and human subjects, and the relevant outcomes obtained. Thus, we appeal to the research institutions and departments of the Ministries of Health in each country to develop a food education joint project to help schools, businesses and families with the aim of reducing obesity and other metabolic diseases.
Dietary Alpha-Linolenic Acid Inhibits Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Activity and mRNA Expression Levels in the Aorta of Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats; Several studies have shown that dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and has an antihypertensive effect. Blood pressure is regulated mainly by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE). In the present study, we investigated the effect of dietary ALA on ACE to clarify the mechanism of the antihypertensive effect in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Six-week-old SHR were fed a diet containing either 10% ALA-rich flaxseed oil or high oleic safflower oil as a control for four weeks. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) was measured by the tail cuff method once weekly. At the end of the feeding period, ACE activity was determined in the heart, aorta, lung and kidney. ACE mRNA in these organs was also measured by real-time PCR analysis. SBP in the ALA group was significantly lower than in the control group at 2, 3, and 4 weeks. The ACE activity and mRNA expression levels in the ALA group were significantly lower than in the control only in the aorta. In conclusion, the present findings suggest that the blood pressure-lowering mechanism of dietary ALA may be involved in the reduction of ACE activity and mRNA expression levels in the aorta of SHR.
ROLE OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS IN CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE PREVENTION; Fatty acids, in addition to its known energy value and its structural function, have other beneficial properties. In particular, the polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 acting on the cardiovascular apparatus through many channels exerting a protective effect against cardiovascular risk.
Alpha-linolenic acid regulates Cox2/VEGF/MAP kinase pathway and decreases the expression of HPV oncoproteins E6/E7 through restoration of p53 and Rb expression in human cervical cancer cell lines; Cervical cancer represents the largest cause of mortality in women worldwide. In our previous report, we have shown how alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), an omega-3 fatty acid, regulated the growth of cervical cancer cells. The present study aimed to explore mechanistic details for the anticancer activity of ALA in cervical cancer cell lines, SiHa and HeLa. ALA significantly modulated the growth kinetics of the cells and reduced cell migration with concomitant decrease in the expression of VEGF, MMP-2, and MMP-9 proteins. Besides this, ALA significantly decreased the expression of phosphorylated p38, pERK1/2, c-JUN, NF kappa B, and COX2, proteins. Most importantly, ALA reduced the expression of HPV onco-proteins E6 and E7, resulting into restoration of expression of tumor suppressor proteins, p53 and Rb. These results suggested that ALA could be explored for its therapeutic potential in cervical cancer.
Omega-3 supplement use, fish intake, and risk of non-fatal coronary artery disease and ischemic stroke in the Million Veteran Program; Background & aims: Observational and clinical trial evidence suggests an inverse association of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with coronary artery disease (CAD) mortality, although relationships with non-fatal CAD and stroke are less clear. We investigated whether omega-3 fatty acid supplement use and fish intake were associated with incident non-fatal CAD and ischemic stroke among US Veterans.
No effect of dietary <i>trans</i> isomers of α-linolenic acid on platelet aggregation and haemostatic factors in European healthy men:: The <i>TRANS</i>LinE study; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of trans alpha -linolenic acid on platelet aggregation and blood haemostasis. A randomized, double blind dietary intervention trial was carried out with healthy male volunteers (n=88) in three European centers. After a 6-week washout period where subjects avoided foods containing all trans fats, subjects either continued for 6 weeks with a low trans diet or a diet where trans alpha -linolenic acid provided 0.6% of energy (supplied as oil, margarine, cheese, muffins, and biscuits). At the end of the washout period the intake of trans polyunsaturated fats was 58+/-115 mg/day; this increased in patients on the high trans diet by +1344+/-328 mg/day, compared with +10+/-67 mg/day in patients on the low trans diet (p<0.01). The change in trans a-linolenic acid in plasma cholesteryl eaters was 0.26+/-0.20 on the high trans and 0.00+/-0.07% of fatty acids on the low trans diet (p<0.001). No effect of the high trans diet was observed on platelet aggregation: collagen ECS, high trans 157+/-100, low trans 152+/-90 ng/mL (NS); U44619 EC50 high trans 81+/-61, low trans 59+/-27 nM (NS). The high trans diet did not affect platelet thromboxane production, fibrinogen levels, factor VII, activated factor VIIa, or plasminogen activator inhibitor activity. There were no center-specific differences in response to the high traits diet. A relatively high amount of trans or-linolenic acid for 6 weeks does not increase the risk of coronary heart disease by promoting platelet aggregation and blood coagulation. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; The results of prospective cohort studies indicate that consuming fish or fish oil containing the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is associated with decreased cardiovascular death, whereas consumption of the vegetable oil-derived n-3 fatty acid a-linolenic acid is not as effective. Randomized control trials (RCTs) in the context of secondary prevention also indicate that the consumption of EPA plus DHA is protective at doses < 1 g/d. The therapeutic effect appears to be due to suppression of fatal arrhythmias rather than stabilization of atherosclerotic plaques. At doses > 3 g/d, EPA plus DHA can improve cardiovascular disease risk factors, including decreasing plasma triacylglycerols, blood pressure, platelet aggregation, and inflammation, while improving vascular reactivity. Mainly on the basis of the results of RCTs, the American Heart Association recommends that everyone eat oily fish twice per week and that those with coronary heart disease eat 1 g/d of EPA plus DHA from oily fish or supplements. Directions for future research include 1) RCTs to confirm the initial trials showing that EPA plus DHA decreases cardiovascular death and additional studies to determine whether this effect is due to EPA, DHA, or the combination; the dosage of the effective components; and whether the mechanism of action in humans is prevention of fatal arrhythmias. 2) Clinical studies to determine whether the reduction in cardiovascular disease risk factors is due to EPA, DHA, or the combination and the dosage of the effective components. 3) Clinical studies to determine whether vegetable oil-derived a-linolenic acid added to a diet enriched in n-6 fatty acids can effectively substitute for fish oil-derived EPA plus DHA.
Molecular basis of vascular damage caused by cigarette smoke exposure and a new approach to the treatment: Alpha-linolenic acid; Exposure to cigarette smoke (CS) causes vessel damage and mechanism of this damage has not yet been clearly identified. Therefore, in this study we aimed to investigate whether vessel damage due to the CS exposure will be prevented by the alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) or not which has anti-inflammatory effect in mice. For this reason, mice were grouped as controls (with and without CS) and ALA (with and without CS). The CS application continued 5 days a week for two months. At the end of two months, the mice were killed by cervical dislocation and their blood and thoracic aortas were isolated. ALA Treatment increased acetylcholine relaxations. CS decreased acetylcholine relaxation. CS with ALA treatment increased acetylcholine relaxations versus just CS treatment. CS caused rising in cyclooxigenase-2 and phospholipase A2 levels. This rise is inhibited with ALA treatment. CS decreased eNOS levels. But this result was not statistically significant. Furthermore, according to electron microscopic study CS damaged both smooth muscle and endothelium. While ALA treatment prevented smooth muscle damage it didn't prevent endothelial damage. Using cigarette and CS exposure is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Our study showed that this disease.
MEDITERRANEAN ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID-RICH DIET IN SECONDARY PREVENTION OF CORONARY HEART-DISEASE; In a prospective, randomised single-blinded secondary prevention trial we compared the effect of a Mediterranean alpha-linolenic acid-rich diet to the usual post-infarct prudent diet.
Association between n-3 fatty acid consumption and ventricular ectopy after myocardial infarction; Background: n-3 (omega-3) Fatty acids are associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease; however, the relation between dietary intake of n23 fatty acids and ventricular arrhythmias has not been investigated among acute post-myocardial infarction (AMI) patients-a group at elevated risk of malignant arrhythmias.
Association between interaction and ratio of ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid and the metabolic syndrome in adults; Objective: To investigate the association of the intakes of omega-3 (including a-linolenic acid [ALA], eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] plus docosahexaenoic acid [DHAD and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), the interaction, and the ratio of these PUFAs with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adults.
The effect of diet enriched with α-linolenic acid on soluble cellular adhesion molecules in dyslipidaemic patients; Background: Leukocyte adhesion and transendothelial migration, the critical pathogenic components in the development of atherosclerotic lesions, are largely mediated by cellular adhesion molecules (CAMs). We examined whether dietary supplementation with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n - 3) affects the levels of soluble forms of CAMs in dyslipidaemic patients. Methods: We recruited 90 male dyslipidaemic patients (mean age = 51 +/- 8 years) following a typical Greek diet. They were randomly assigned either to 15 ml of linseed oil (rich in ALA) per day (n = 60) or to 15 ml of safflower oil (rich in linoleic acid [LA, 18:2n - 6]) per day (n = 30). The ratio of n - 6:n - 3 in linseed oil supplemented group was 1:3:1 and in safflower oil supplemented group 13.2: 1. Dietary intervention lasted for 12 weeks. Blood lipids, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin) were measured. Results: Dietary supplementation with ALA significantly decreased sVCAM-1 levels (median decrease 18.7% [577.5 ng/ml versus 487 ng/ml, P = 0.0001]). In the LA supplemented group, sVCAM-1 was also significantly decreased but to a lesser extent (median decrease 10.6% [550.5 ng/ml versus 496ng/ml, P = 0.0001]). After controlling for smoking habits, no significant difference was observed in the reduction of sVCAM-1 levels between the two treatment arms (P = 0.205). The decrease of sVCAM-1 was independent of lipid changes in both groups. Conclusions: Dietary supplementation with ALA for 12 weeks significantly decreases sVCAM-1 levels in dyslipidaemic patients. This effect presents a potential mechanism for the beneficial effect of plant it - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention of coronary artery disease. In addition, dietary supplementation with LA significantly decreases sVCAM-1 levels, an effect which requires further investigation. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effects of omega-3 α-linolenic acid from flaxseed oil supplemented to high-yielding dairy cows on production, health, and fertility; Among the long-chain fatty acids (FA), the omega-3 (n-3) FA have the most potent immunomodulatory activities. In the present large-scale study, we tested the effects of supplementation of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) from flaxseed commenced at the dry period on milk yield, health and fertility of dairy cows. Cows in a large commercial dairy farm were randomly divided into two groups 21 days before expected calving. During the dry period, cows in the treatment group were fed a diet that contained, on a DM basis, 40 g/kg of an extruded flaxseed supplement (EFLX; n = 276); their postpartum diet contained 50 g/kg of the same supplement. The cows were group-fed, and based on average cow's intake, the EFLX cows consumed 80 and 220 g ALA/day per cow prepartum and postpartum, respectively. The control cows received a diet with a different composition but a similar content of nutrients (CTL; n = 240). A veterinarian routinely examined the cows 7 to 10 days after calving, treated them according to the farm's routine practice, and determined their body condition score at that visit and at peak lactation. Milk yield was 4.5% greater (1.8 kg/day; P < 0.0001), and fat (P < 0.0001) and protein (P = 0.002) contents were lower in the EFLX vs. CTL group. The proportion of n-3 FA in milk was 3.9 times higher in EFLX than in CTL cows (P < 0.0001), and the omega-6 (n-6):n-3 ratio in the milk fat decreased from 13.0 in the CTL cows to 4.1 in the EFLX cows (P < 0.0001). The unsaturated FA content in milk fat was 20.1% greater in EFLX than in CTL cows (P < 0.0001). Ketosis incidence was lower in the EFLX vs. CTL group, 23.5 and 31.2%, respectively (P = 0.05), and ketosis was less severe in the former (P = 0.03). The mortality rates in EFLX and CTL cows were 0.7 and 4.6%, respectively (P = 0.005). No differences were observed in conception rates at first or second insemination, but days from first service to conception and calving to conception were 17 (P = 0.07) and 18 days (P = 0.09) less in the EFLX cows, respectively. In conclusion, supplementation of EFLX to dairy cows from the dry period increased milk yield, decreased incidence of ketosis and severe metritis, reduced mortality, and tended to enhance fertility performance. Overall, ALA supplementation improved milk quality and was beneficial to the cow's health and fertility.
Omega-3 fatty acids and mortality in patients referred for coronary angiography. The Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study; Background and aims: There is an ongoing debate whether omega-3-fatty acids protect from cardiovascular disease mortality. We examined the associations of erythrocyte omega-3 fatty acids with mortality in patients referred for coronary angiography.
The Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Setting of Coronary Artery Disease and COPD: A Review; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a growing healthcare concern and will represent the third leading cause of death worldwide within the next decade. COPD is the result of a complex interaction between environmental factors, especially cigarette smoking, air pollution, and genetic preconditions, which result in persistent inflammation of the airways. There is growing evidence that the chronic inflammatory state, measurable by increased levels of circulating cytokines, chemokines, and acute phase proteins, may not be confined to the lungs. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and especially coronary artery disease (CAD) are common comorbidities of COPD, and low-grade systemic inflammation plays a decisive role in its pathogenesis. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert multiple functions in humans and are crucially involved in limiting and resolving inflammatory processes. n-3 PUFAs have been intensively studied for their ability to improve morbidity and mortality in patients with CVD and CAD. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the effects of n-3 PUFA on inflammation and its impact on CAD in COPD from a clinical perspective.
Does Supplementation with Omega-3 PUFAs Add to the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease?; Purpose of Review Omega-3 fatty acids are increasingly used for the protection of cardiovascular disease. The main but not the sole mechanism of action is the reduction of triglyceride levels. In this review, we summarize the effect of omega-3 supplements on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, myocardial infarction, and stroke from the relevant randomized controlled trials.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: Summary of the 2016 Agency of Healthcare Research and Quality Evidence Review; We summarize the 2016 update of the 2004 Agency of Healthcare Research and Quality's evidence review of omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The overall findings for the effects of marine oil supplements on intermediate CVD outcomes remain largely unchanged. There is high strength of evidence, based on numerous trials, of no significant effects of marine oils on systolic or diastolic blood pressures, but there are small, yet statistically significant increases in high density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. The clinical significance of these small changes, particularly in combination, is unclear. The strongest effect of marine oils is on triglyceride concentrations. Across studies, this effect was dose-dependent and related to studies 0 mean baseline triglyceride concentration. In observational studies, there is low strength of evidence that increased marine oil intake lowers ischemic stroke risk. Among randomized controlled trials and observational studies, there is evidence of variable strength of no association with increased marine oil intake and lower CVD event risk. Evidence regarding alpha-linolenic acid intake is sparser. There is moderate strength of evidence of no effect on blood pressure or lipoprotein concentrations and low strength of evidence of no association with coronary heart disease, atrial fibrillation and congestive heart failure.
The α-linolenic acid content of flaxseed can prevent the atherogenic effects of dietary <i>trans</i> fat; Bassett CM, McCullough RS, Edel AL, Patenaude A, LaVallee RK, Pierce GN. The alpha-linolenic acid content of flaxseed can prevent the atherogenic effects of dietary trans fat. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 301: H2220-H2226, 2011. First published September 30, 2011; doi:10.1152/ajpheart.00958.2010.-Dietary intake of industrially hydrogenated trans fatty acids (TFA) has been associated with coronary heart disease. Dietary flaxseed can inhibit atherosclerosis induced by dietary cholesterol. The aim of this study was to determine whether supplementing the diet with flaxseed could protect against atherosclerosis induced by a diet enriched in TFA. Low-density lipoprotein receptor-deficient (LDLr(-/-)) mice were fed 1 of 14 experimental diets for 14 wk containing one of two fat sources [regular (pork/soy) or trans fat] at two concentrations (4 or 8%) and supplemented with or without dietary cholesterol (2%), whole ground flaxseed, or one of the components of flaxseed [alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), defatted fiber, or lignan]. Adding flaxseed to the diet partially mitigated the rise in circulating cholesterol levels induced by the cholesterol-enriched diet. Atherosclerosis was stimulated by TFA and/or cholesterol. Including milled flaxseed to an atherogenic diet significantly reduced atherosclerosis compared with the groups that consumed cholesterol and/or TFA. ALA was the only component within flaxseed that could inhibit the atherogenic action of cholesterol and/or TFA on its own. Dietary flaxseed protects against atherosclerotic development induced by TFA and cholesterol feeding through its content of ALA.
An Update on Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Health; Interest in the potential cardiovascular (CV) benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) began in the 1940s and was amplified by a subsequent landmark trial showing reduced CV disease (CVD) risk following acute myocardial infarction. Since that time, however, much controversy has circulated due to discordant results among several studies and even meta-analyses. Then, in 2018, three more large, randomized trials were released-these too with discordant findings regarding the overall benefits of omega-3 therapy. Interestingly, the trial that used a higher dose (4 g/day highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)) found a remarkable, statistically significant reduction in CVD events. It was proposed that insufficient omega-3 dosing (<1 g/day EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)), as well as patients aggressively treated with multiple other effective medical therapies, may explain the conflicting results of omega-3 therapy in controlled trials. We have thus reviewed the current evidence regarding omega-3 and CV health, put forth potential reasoning for discrepant results in the literature, highlighted critical concepts such as measuring blood levels of omega-3 with a dedicated omega-3 index and addressed current recommendations as suggested by health care professional societies and recent significant scientific data.
Adipose tissue fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction - a case-control study; Objectives: To study the association between content in adipose tissue of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids, tr-ans fatty acids, linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid and risk of a first myocardial infarction.
Omega-3 (<i>n</i>-3) Fatty Acid-Statin Interaction: Evidence for a Novel Therapeutic Strategy for Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease; Managing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) often involves a combination of lifestyle modifications and medications aiming to decrease the risk of cardiovascular outcomes, such as myocardial infarction and stroke. The aim of this article is to discuss possible omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid-statin interactions in the prevention and treatment of ASCVD and to provide evidence to consider for clinical practice, highlighting novel insights in this field. Statins and n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) are commonly used to control cardiovascular risk factors in order to treat ASCVD. Statins are an important lipid-lowering therapy, primarily targeting low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, while n-3 fatty acids address triglyceride (TG) concentrations. Both statins and n-3 fatty acids have pleiotropic actions which overlap, including improving endothelial function, modulation of inflammation, and stabilizing atherosclerotic plaques. Thus, both statins and n-3 fatty acids potentially mitigate the residual cardiovascular risk that remains beyond lipid lowering, such as persistent inflammation. EPA and DHA are both substrates for the synthesis of so-called specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), a relatively recently recognized feature of their ability to combat inflammation. Interestingly, statins seem to have the ability to promote the production of some SPMs, suggesting a largely unrecognized interaction between statins and n-3 fatty acids with relevance to the control of inflammation. Although n-3 fatty acids are the major substrates for the production of SPMs, these signaling molecules may have additional therapeutic benefits beyond those provided by the precursor n-3 fatty acids themselves. In this article, we discuss the accumulating evidence that supports SPMs as a novel therapeutic tool and the possible statin-n-3 fatty acid interactions relevant to the prevention and treatment of ASCVD.
Relationship of Circulating Vegetable Omega-3 to Prognosis in Patients With Heart Failure; BACKGROUND There is an urgent need for cost-effective strategies to promote quality of life in patients with heart failure (HF). Several studies reported benefits in HF prognosis for marine omega-3 fatty acids and plant-based dietary patterns.
Low levels of linoleic acid and α-linolenic acid and high levels of arachidonic acid in plasma phospholipids are associated with hypertension; Dietary fat is an important determinant in the development and progression of high blood pressure (BP), a major risk factor for cardiovascular diseases and mortality. The aim of the present study was to determine the association between plasma phospholipid fatty acids and hypertension in Japanese men. The plasma level of linoleic acid (LA) in the subjects with hypertension (systolic BP >= 140 mmHg and/or diastolic BP >= 90 mmHg) was identified to be significantly higher than that in the healthy controls. Following adjustment for age, body mass index, physical activity, smoking status, alcohol consumption, salt intake, and serum levels of glucose and hemoglobin A1c, higher plasma levels of LA and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and lower levels of arachidonic acid (AA) were significantly associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension. The odds ratio (OR) for the highest quartile (Q4) versus the lowest quartile (Q1) of LA was 0.17 (P=0.003), the OR for Q4 versus Q1 of ALA was 0.26 (P=0.042) and the OR for Q4 versus Q1 of AA was 2.04 (P=0.047). These results indicate that elevated levels of LA and ALA, and reduced levels of AA in the plasma prevent hypertension.
Plasma Omega-3 Fatty Acids and the Risk of Cardiovascular Events in Patients After an Acute Coronary Syndrome in MERLIN-TIMI 36; Background
Current Insights into the Effects of Dietary α-Linolenic Acid Focusing on Alterations of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Profiles in Metabolic Syndrome; The plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is an essential n-3 acid highly susceptible to oxidation, present in oils of flaxseeds, walnuts, canola, perilla, soy, and chia. After ingestion, it can be incorporated in to body lipid pools (particularly triglycerides and phospholipid membranes), and then endogenously metabolized through desaturation, elongation, and peroxisome oxidation to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), with a very limited efficiency (particularly for DHA), beta-oxidized as an energy source, or directly metabolized to C18-oxilipins. At this moment, data in the literature about the effects of ALA supplementation on metabolic syndrome (MetS) in humans are inconsistent, indicating no effects or some positive effects on all MetS components (abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, impaired insulin sensitivity and glucoregulation, blood pressure, and liver steatosis). The major effects of ALA on MetS seem to be through its conversion to more potent EPA and DHA, the impact on the n-3/n-6 ratio, and the consecutive effects on the formation of oxylipins and endocannabinoids, inflammation, insulin sensitivity, and insulin secretion, as well as adipocyte and hepatocytes function. It is important to distinguish the direct effects of ALA from the effects of EPA and DHA metabolites. This review summarizes the most recent findings on this topic and discusses the possible mechanisms.
OMEGA-3 (N-3) FATTY ACIDS, CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE AND STABILITY OF ATHEROSCLEROTIC PLAQUES; Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are found in oily fish and in fish oils and similar preparations. Substantial evidence from epidemiological and case-control studies indicates that consumption of fish, oily fish and long-chain n-3 fatty acids reduces risk of cardiovascular mortality. Secondary prevention studies using long-chain n-3 fatty acids in patients post-myocardial infarction have shown a reduction in total and cardiovascular mortality with an especially potent effect on sudden death. Long-chain n-3 fatty acids have been shown to beneficially modify a range of cardiovascular risk factors, which may result in primary cardiovascular prevention. However, reduced non-fatal and fatal events and a reduction in sudden death probably involve other mechanisms. Reduced thrombosis following long-chain n-3 fatty acids may play a role. A decrease in arrhythmias is a favoured mechanism of action of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and is supported by cell culture and animal studies. However human trials using implantable cardiac defibrillators have produced inconsistent findings and a recent meta-analysis does not support this mechanism of action. An alternative mechanism of action may be stabilisation of atherosclerotic plaques by long-chain n-3 fatty acids. This is suggested by one published human study which showed that incorporation of long-chain n-3 fatty acids into plaques collected at carotid endarterectomy resulted in fewer macrophages in the plaque and a morphology indicative of increased stability. These findings are supported from observations in an animal model and suggest that the primary effect of long-chain n-3 fatty acids might be on macrophages within the plaque.
α-Linolenic acid prevents hepatic steatosis and improves glucose tolerance in mice fed a high-fat diet; OBJECTIVES: Dietary omega-3 fatty acids have been efficacious in decreasing serum cholesterol levels and reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, the metabolic and molecular changes induced by the omega-3 fatty acid oc-linolenic acid (ALA), which is found in linseed oil, are not fully understood. In this study, we showed a correlation between ALA and insulin resistance, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS).
Dietary α-linolenic acid inhibits proinflammatory cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background: Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease. We previously reported that a diet high in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) reduces lipid and inflammatory cardiovascular disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Plant n-3 PUFA intake may lower the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease only among subjects with a low intake of marine n-3 PUFAs; The role of the major plant-derived n-3 PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), on the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular (ASCVD) remains unclear, but most studies have reported no association. However, the association between intake of ALA and the risk of ASCVD may depend on the intake of marine n-3 PUFAs. We investigated this hypothesis among more than 53,909 middle-aged, Danish men and women followed for a median of 13.4 years. We found a statistically significant inverse association between ALA intake modelled as a restricted cubic spline and the rate of ASCVD in subjects with a low intake of marine n-3 PUFAs, while no association was observed among subjects with a higher intake of marine n-3 PUFAs. Our findings suggest that the intake of ALA may be associated with a lower risk of total ASCVD, but only among subjects with a low intake of marine n-3 PUFAs.
What is the role of α-linolenic acid for mammals?; This review examines the data pertaining to an important and often underrated EFA alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). It examines its sources, metabolism, and biological effects in various population studies, in vitro, animal, and human intervention studies. The main role of ALA was assumed to be as a precursor to the longer-chain n-3 PUFA, EPA and DHA, and particularly for supplying DHA for neural tissue. This paper reveals that the major metabolic route of ALA metabolism is beta-oxidation. Furthermore, ALA accumulates in specific sites in the body of mammals (carcass, adipose, and skin), and only a small proportion of the fed ALA is converted to DHA. There is some evidence that ALA may be involved with skin and fur function. There is continuing debate regarding whether ALA has actions of its own in relation to the cardiovascular system and neural function. Cardiovascular disease and cancer are two of the major burdens of disease in the 21 st century, and emerging evidence suggests that diets containing ALA are associated with reductions in total deaths and sudden cardiac death. There may be aspects of the action and, more importantly, the metabolism of ALA that need to be elucidated, and these will help us understand the biological effects of this compound better. Additionally, we must not forget that ALA is part of the whole diet and should be seen in this context, not in isolation.
Bioavailability of alpha-linolenic acid in subjects after ingestion of three different forms of flaxseed; Background: Dietary flaxseed may have significant health-related benefits due to its high content of the omega-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). However, before extensive work can be undertaken in clinical populations to determine its efficacy, basic information on ALA bioavailability from flaxseed and the physiological effects of its ingestion need to be examined.
Marine OMEGA-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (Reprinted from Fitoterapia, vol 123, pg 51-58, 2017); Omega-6 (omega 6) and omega-3 (omega 3) fatty acids are two classes of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from linoleic acid (18:2 omega 6) and alpha-linolenic acid (18:3 omega 3), respectively. Enzymatic metabolism of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids generates arachidonic acid (20:4 omega 6) and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 omega 3; EPA), respectively, both of which are substrates for enzymes that yield eicosanoids with multiple and varying physiological functions. Further elongation and desaturation of EPA yields the 22-carbon fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 omega 3; DHA). The main dietary source of EPA and DHA for human consumption is fish, especially oily fish.
Effects of omega 3 supplementation in elderly patients with acute myocardial infarction: design of a prospective randomized placebo controlled study; Background: Both epidemiological and randomized clinical studies suggest that supplementation with very-longchain marine polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have cardioprotective effects, however these results are not without controversy. Study population, sample-size, type of supplementation and type of endpoint have all varied widely accross different studies.
Alpha linolenic acid in cholesterol esters: a marker of alphalinolenic acid intake in newborns; Objective: To evaluate a-linolenic acid (ALA) (18:3 n-3) and linolenic acid (LA) (18:2 n-6) in cholesterol esters (CE) as markers of ALA and LA dietary intakes in preterm infants.
Effects of supplementation with vegetable sources of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on inflammatory markers and lipid profile in individuals with chronic kidney disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and aims: Inflammation and dyslipidemia are traditional risk factors and well-known causes of morbidity and mortality in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), an essential fatty acid mainly found in vegetable sources, has been associated with anti-inflammatory effects and improving lipid profile. This systematic review and meta-analysis investigate the effects of supplementation with vegetable sources of ALA on inflammatory marker and lipid profile in individuals with CKD. Methods: This review included studies with adult or elderly patients with CKD, including those receiving dialysis, using oral supplementation or food or combined interventions containing vegetable sources of ALA. All studies were randomized trials and The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was use for assessing risk of bias. Results: 19 studies provided data for meta-analyses. ALA had significant effect on reducing C-reactive protein (CRP) after supplementation (WMD:-1.32; 84.5% CI,-2.35 to-0.29, P = 0.012), on the other hand, had no significant effect on total cholesterol (WMD:-2.85; 90.1% CI,-14.43 to 8.73, P = 0.629), high density lipoprotein (WMD: 1.09; 92.4% CI,-1.82 to 3.99, P = 0.463), low density lipoprotein (WMD:-3.87; 86.7% CI,-12.62 to 4.89, P = 0.387) and triglycerides (WMD:-16.42; 87.7% CI,-47.83 to 14.98, P = 0.305). Conclusion: Vegetables sources of ALA showed beneficial effects on reducing inflammatory marker CRP in CKD patients but had no effect on lipid profile. Future well-designed studies are needed to investigate the effectiveness of vegetables sources of ALA, particularly in CKD. (c) 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
α-Linolenic acid-enriched diet prevents myocardial damage and expands longevity in cardiomyopathic hamsters; Randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that the increased intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids significantly reduces the risk of ischemic cardiovascular disease, but no investigations have been performed in hereditary cardiomyopathies with diffusely damaged myocardium. in the present study, delta-sarcoglycan-null cardiomyopathic hamsters were fed from weaning to death with an alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-enriched versus standard diet. Results demonstrated a great accumulation of ALA and eicosapentaenoic acid and an increased eicosapentaenoic/arachidonic acid ratio in cardiomyopathic hamster hearts, correlating with the preservation of myocardial structure and function. In fact, ALA administration preserved plasmalemma and mitochondrial membrane integrity, thus maintaining proper cell/extracelhilar matrix contacts and signaling, as well as a normal gene expression profile (myosin heavy chain isoforms, atrial natriuretic peptide, transforming growth factor, and a limited extension of fibrotic areas within ALA-led cardiomyopathic hearts. Consequently, hemodynamic indexes were safeguarded, and more than 60% of ALA-led animals were still alive (mean survival time, 293 +/- 141.8 days) when all those fed with standard diet were deceased (mean survival time, 175.9 +/- 56 days). Therefore, the clinically evident beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are mainly related to preservation of myocardium structure and function and the attenuation of myocardial fibrosis.
Acides gras omega-3 et risque cardiovasculaire; Linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) are precursors of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are synthesized from ALA. These fatty acids play important role in various biological functions. The effects of omega-3 on cardiovascular risk factors - such as lipoprotein levels, blood pressure and glycemia - are very modest at standard low doses, significant only for large intakes. Randomized trials have shown that oils enriched in EPA and DHA have an undeniable impact on heart rhythm. Consumers of long-chain fatty acid have lower heart rates than controls. Conversely, patients with established arrhythmias do not appear to benefit from treatment with these fatty acids. The observation of food habits in population cohorts helped to defined the effects of rich in ALA, EPA, DHA on the risk of myocardial infarction, coronary heart disease and sudden death. For ALA the results are inconsistent and appropriate randomized clinical trials are still conclude. The effects of EPA and DHA are better established. The meta-analysis of cohort studies shows that consumption of omega-3 long- chain (EPA-DHA) reduces total mortality, death from cardiac causes, sudden death and possibly stroke. The data from prevention trials with omega-3 long-chain showed a decrease in coronary events, including fatal, in secondary prevention. These results are relatively consistent to believe that EPA and DHA intake reduces the fatal complications of myocardial infarction. Clinical trials in primary prevention are still missing. However, the sum of evidence support the recommendation for consumption of fish, EPA and DHA in patients at high risk of coronary event.
Marine Omega-3 (N-3) Fatty Acids for Cardiovascular Health: An Update for 2020; The omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are found in seafood (especially fatty fish), supplements and concentrated pharmaceutical preparations. Long-term prospective cohort studies consistently demonstrate an association between higher intakes of fish, fatty fish and marine n-3 fatty acids (EPA + DHA) or higher levels of EPA and DHA in the body and lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD), especially coronary heart disease (CHD) and myocardial infarction (MI), and cardiovascular mortality in the general population. This cardioprotective effect of EPA and DHA is most likely due to the beneficial modulation of a number of known risk factors for CVD, such as blood lipids, blood pressure, heart rate and heart rate variability, platelet aggregation, endothelial function, and inflammation. Evidence for primary prevention of CVD through randomised controlled trials (RCTs) is relatively weak. In high-risk patients, especially in the secondary prevention setting (e.g., post-MI), a number of large RCTs support the use of EPA + DHA (or EPA alone) as confirmed through a recent meta-analysis. This review presents some of the key studies that have investigated EPA and DHA in the primary and secondary prevention of CVD, describes potential mechanisms for their cardioprotective effect, and evaluates the more recently published RCTs in the context of existing scientific literature.
Omega-3 (<i>n</i>-3) fatty acids in health and disease:: Part I -: Cardiovascular disease and cancer; The omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids have a wide range of beneficial effects in several human health conditions. Animal and in vitro studies have indicated that omega-3 fatty acids affect blood lipid profiles, cardiovascular health, membrane lipid composition, eicosanoid biosynthesis, cell signaling cascades, and gene expression. Findings from epidemiological studies suggest that intake of omega-3 fatty acids from natural Sources or supplements may influence the onset and progression of several disease states, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. This review highlights some recent research findings that help advance our understanding of how omega-3 fatty acids influence cardiovascular disease and cancer.
No effect of n-3 fatty acids on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein after myocardial infarction: the Alpha Omega Trial; Background Persistent inflammation plays a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. n-3 Fatty acids may have anti-inflammatory effects. This study examined the effect of plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and marine n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a systemic marker of (low-grade) inflammation.
Associations of medium and long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with blood pressure in Hispanic and non-Hispanic smokers and nonsmokers; Epidemiology studies and clinical trials have shown that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are inversely associated with blood pressure. We sought to determine the influence of cigarette smoking and Hispanic ethnicity on this association. Age- and sex-matched smokers and nonsmokers (n = 98) 19-50 years old lacking cardiovascular disease were recruited. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), heart rate, HbA1c, lipids, BMI, and RBC fatty acids were measured. The omega-3 index (percent eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid, EPA + DHA, in RBCs) was significantly lower in smokers (Smokers: 3.19 +/- 0.86%; Nonsmokers, 3.88 +/- 1.05%, p = 0.001) and Hispanics (Hispanic 3.32 +/- 0.93%; Non-Hispanic, 3.82 +/- 1.03%, p = 0.006). DHA exhibited a significant inverse association with BP in both smokers and nonsmokers, while alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) exhibited a significant positive association with BP only in smokers. Multiple regression analyses showed that BMI, DHA, smoking status, and smoking status*ALA interaction significantly predicted SBP (p < 0.0001, R-2 = 0.44) and DBP (p < 0.0001, R-2 = 0.33), while ethnicity had no effect. The observed lower BP when DHA levels are high suggests a possible protective role of DHA on BP in normotensive smokers and nonsmokers. Additionally, the observed higher BP when ALA levels are high only in smokers suggests that ALA may influence the BP-lowering effects of chronic smoking.
Bioavailability of α-linolenic acid from flaxseed diets as a function of the age of the subject; Background: Dietary flaxseed may have beneficial cardiovascular effects. An aged population has a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease, but they may react differently to flaxseed in the diet.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid (Fish Oil) Supplementation and the Prevention of Clinical Cardiovascular Disease: A Science Advisory From the American Heart Association; Multiple randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have assessed the effects of supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid (omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, commonly called fish oils) on the occurrence of clinical cardiovascular diseases. Although the effects of supplementation for the primary prevention of clinical cardiovascular events in the general population have not been examined, RCTs have assessed the role of supplementation in secondary prevention among patients with diabetes mellitus and prediabetes, patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease, and those with prevalent coronary heart disease. In this scientific advisory, we take a clinical approach and focus on common indications for omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements related to the prevention of clinical cardiovascular events. We limited the scope of our review to large RCTs of supplementation with major clinical cardiovascular disease end points; meta-analyses were considered secondarily. We discuss the features of available RCTs and provide the rationale for our recommendations. We then use existing American Heart Association criteria to assess the strength of the recommendation and the level of evidence. On the basis of our review of the cumulative evidence from RCTs designed to assess the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on clinical cardiovascular events, we update prior recommendations for patients with prevalent coronary heart disease, and we offer recommendations, when data are available, for patients with other clinical indications, including patients with diabetes mellitus and prediabetes and those with high risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, heart failure, and atrial fibrillation.
The Utility of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease; We reviewed the use of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease by discussing key epidemiologic and placebo-controlled studies in people with and without prior cardiovascular disease at baseline. In addition, studies on the antitriglyceridemic, antihypertensive, hemostatic, antiarrhythmic, and antiatherogenic properties of omega-3 fatty acids were examined. Lastly, we discussed current dietary and safety recommendations regarding fish and fish oil capsules as stated by the US Food and Drug Administration and the US Environmental Protection Agency. We found that omega-3 fatty acids have shown to significantly reduce coronary mortality and sudden death in people without prior cardiovascular disease and reduce all-cause death and cardiac mortality in secondary prevention studies. Studies on stroke are still unclear and more studies need to focus on stroke subtypes. The beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids might be the result of their ability to reduce triglyceride levels, blood pressure, platelet aggregation, arrhythmia, and atherogenesis. Currently, the general public is recommended to consume two fatty fish meals per week (0.3-0.5 grams per day eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid). Pregnant mothers and children should refrain from eating fish high in methylmercury levels while limiting their consumption of other fish varieties to 12 ounces per week. Patients with coronary heart disease should have 1 g per day of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, whereas patients with hypertriglyceridemia should take 3 to 5 g per day of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid under a physician's supervision.
Association between plasma omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease risk factors; The consumption of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FA), namely eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been linked to reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The objective of this study was to examine the relation between n-3 FA in plasma phospholipid (PL) levels and CVD risk factors. n-3 FA levels in plasma PL were determined using gas chromatography in 100 obese (body mass index (BMI), >= 30 kg.m(-2)) and 100 nonobese selected individuals from the Quebec City metropolitan area. The CVD risk factors analysed were BMI, blood pressure, plasma lipids levels, and fasting plasma glucose. Significantly higher levels of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) were observed in obese subjects, whereas significantly higher levels of DHA were observed in nonobese subjects. For CVD risk factors, ALA levels were positively correlated with plasma triglyceride concentrations and negatively associated with diastolic blood pressure. None of the CVD risk factors studied was linked to EPA levels. In addition, DPA was negatively related to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and positively correlated with the total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio. DHA levels were negatively correlated with BMI, waist circumference, and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas a positive association was observed with HDL-C levels. Total n-3 FA percentages were negatively correlated with BMI. In conclusion, higher DHA percentages in plasma PL are associated with a more favourable CVD risk profile, whereas higher DPA percentages in plasma PL are associated with a more deteriorated CVD risk profile.
Alpha-linolenic acid and riluzole treatment confer cerebral protection and improve survival after focal brain ischemia; We investigated here the effects of alpha-linolenic acid and riluzole, both activators of the 2P-domain K+ channel family TREK/TRAAK, in a model of focal ischemia clinically relevant to stroke, not only assessing neuronal protection, but also long term survival. Moreover, all the drug treatments were initiated post-ischemia.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid Treatment Reduces the Contusion and Prevents the Development of Anxiety-Like Behavior Induced by a Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in Rats; Approximately, 1.7 million Americans suffer a TBI annually and TBI is a major cause of death and disability. The majority of the TBI cases are of the mild type and while most patients recover completely from mild TBI (mTBI) about 10% result in persistent symptoms and some result in lifelong disability. Anxiety disorders are the second most common diagnosis post-TBI. Of note, TBI-induced anxiety disorders are difficult to treat and remain a chronic condition suggesting that new therapies are needed. Previous work from our laboratory demonstrated that a mild TBI induced an anxiety-like phenotype, a key feature of the human condition, associated with loss of GABAergic interneurons and hyperexcitability in the basolateral amygdala (BLA) in rodents 7 and 30 days after a controlled cortical impact (CCI) injury. We now confirm that animals display significantly increased anxiety-like behavior 30 days after CCI. The anxiety-like behavior was associated with a significant loss of GABAergic interneurons and significant reductions in the frequency and amplitude of spontaneous and miniature GABA(A)-receptor-mediated inhibitory postsynaptic currents (IPSCs) in the BLA. Significantly, subchronic treatment with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) after CCI prevents the development of anxiety-like behavior, the loss of GABAergic interneurons, hyperexcitability in the BLA and reduces the impact injury. Taken together, administration of ALA after CCI is a potent therapy against the neuropathology and pathophysiological effects of mTBI in the BLA.
Understanding Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Current intakes of very long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are low in most individuals living in Western countries. A good natural source of these fatty acids is seafood, especially oily fish. Fish oil capsules contain these fatty acids also. Very long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are readily incorporated from capsules into transport (blood lipids), functional (cell and tissue), and storage (adipose) pools. This incorporation is dose-dependent and follows a kinetic pattern that is characteristic for each pool. At sufficient levels of incorporation, EPA and DHA influence the physical nature of cell membranes and membrane protein-mediated responses, lipid-mediator generation, cell signaling, and gene expression in many different cell types. Through these mechanisms, EPA and DHA influence cell and tissue physiology and the way cells and tissues respond to external signals. In most cases the effects seen are compatible with improvements in disease biomarker profiles or health-related outcomes. As a result, very long-chain omega-3 fatty acids play a role in achieving optimal health and in protection against disease. Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids not only protect against cardiovascular morbidity but also against mortality. In some conditions, for example rheumatoid arthritis, they may be beneficial as therapeutic agents. On the basis of the recognized health improvements brought about by long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, recommendations have been made to increase their intake. The plant omega-3 fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), can be converted to EPA, but conversion to DHA appears to be poor in humans. Effects of ALA on human health-related outcomes appear to be due to conversion to EPA, and since this is limited, moderately increased consumption of ALA may be of little benefit in improving health outcomes compared with increased intake of preformed EPA + DHA.
Long chain omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: a systematic review; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease remains the commonest health problem in developed countries, and residual risk after implementing all current therapies is still high. The use of marine omega-3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA) has been recommended to reduce cardiovascular risk by multiple mechanisms. Objectives: To update the current evidence on the influence of omega-3 on the rate of cardiovascular events. Review Methods: We used the MEDLINE and EMBASE databases to identify clinical trials and randomized controlled trials of omega-3 fatty acids (with quantified quantities) either in capsules or in dietary intake, compared to placebo or usual diet, equal to or longer than 6 months, and written in English. The primary outcome was a cardiovascular event of any kind and secondary outcomes were all-cause mortality, cardiac death and coronary events. We used RevMan 5.1 (Mantel-Haenszel method). Heterogeneity was assessed by the I-2 and Chi(2) tests. We included 21 of the 452 pre-selected studies. Results: We found an overall decrease of risk of suffering a cardiovascular event of any kind of 10% (OR 0.90; [0.85-0.96], p = 0.001), a 9% decrease of risk of cardiac death (OR 0.91; [0.83-0.99]; p = 0.03), a decrease of coronary events (fatal and non-fatal) of 18% (OR 0.82; [0.75-0.90]; p < 1 x 10(-4)), and a trend to lower total mortality (5% reduction of risk; OR 0.95; [0.89-1.02]; p = 0.15. Most of the studies analyzed included persons with high cardiovascular risk. Conclusions: marine omega-3 fatty acids are effective in preventing cardiovascular events, cardiac death and coronary events, especially in persons with high cardiovascular risk.
Dietary ratio of linoleic to alpha-linolenic acid affects the reproductive performance of Japanese quail; 1. This study was conducted to assess the effects of different dietary omega 6:3 ratios fed to male and female Japanese quail breeders on incubation performance, chick quality and progeny performance. 2. A completely randomised design was used, with five diets containing different ratios of vegetable oils rich in linoleic acid (LA from soybean oil) or alpha-linolenic acid (ALA from linseed oil) with LA/ALA ratios of 13.75:1, 10.69:1, 7.63:1, 4.57:1 and 1.48:1 with 12 cage replicates containing six birds each. 3. There was a quadratic effect of the LA/ALA ratio on total hatchability (p < 0.011), fertile hatchability (p = 0.046) and total mortality (p = 0.046). There was no effect on fertility (p > 0.05). The LA/ALA ratios of 1.48 and 13.75 fed to both hens and cockerels or hens resulted in greater fertility, as measured by the number of days after copulation during which fertile eggs were laid and the number of points of hydrolysis on the perivitelline membrane. A decreasing linear effect (p < 0.0001) was observed on chick length and an increasing linear effect on body weight at 1 day of age. There were no effects on progeny performance. 4. The LA/ALA ratio affected yolk mineral matter (p = 0.009), crude protein (p = 0.091), chick mineral matter (p < 0.038) and ether extract (p < 0.0001) contents. Maternal diet affected the fatty acid profile of egg yolk and chick liver, indicating that dietary contents were transferred to eggs and chicks. 5. Fertile egg production increased with lower LA/ALA ratios. Therefore, linseed oil can be used together with soybean oil to formulate diets for female Japanese quail obtain LA/ALA ratios between 4:1 and 10:1.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
α-Linolenic Acid, A Nutraceutical with Pleiotropic Properties That Targets Endogenous Neuroprotective Pathways to Protect against Organophosphate Nerve Agent-Induced Neuropathology; alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is a nutraceutical found in vegetable products such as flax and walnuts. The pleiotropic properties of ALA target endogenous neuroprotective and neurorestorative pathways in brain and involve the transcription factor nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B), brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a major neuroprotective protein in brain, and downstream signaling pathways likely mediated via activation of TrkB, the cognate receptor of BDNF. In this review, we discuss possible mechanisms of ALA efficacy against the highly toxic OP nerve agent soman. Organophosphate (OP) nerve agents are highly toxic chemical warfare agents and a threat to military and civilian populations. Once considered only for battlefield use, these agents are now used by terrorists to inflict mass casualties. OP nerve agents inhibit the critical enzyme acetylcholinesterase (AChE) that rapidly leads to a cholinergic crisis involving multiple organs. Status epilepticus results from the excessive accumulation of synaptic acetylcholine which in turn leads to the overactivation of muscarinic receptors; prolonged seizures cause the neuropathology and long-term consequences in survivors. Current countermeasures mitigate symptoms and signs as well as reduce brain damage, but must be given within minutes after exposure to OP nerve agents supporting interest in newer and more effective therapies. The pleiotropic properties of ALA result in a coordinated molecular and cellular program to restore neuronal networks and improve cognitive function in soman-exposed animals. Collectively, ALA should be brought to the clinic to treat the long-term consequences of nerve agents in survivors. ALA may be an effective therapy for other acute and chronic neurodegenerative disorders.
Dietary α-linolenic acid is associated with reduced risk of fatal coronary heart disease, but increased prostate cancer risk:: A meta-analysis; The objective of this meta-analysis was to estimate quantitatively the associations between intake of a-linolenic acid [ALA, the (n-3) fatty acid in vegetable oils], mortality from heart disease, and the occurrence of prostate cancer in observational studies. We identified 5 prospective cohort studies that reported intake of ALA and mortality from heart disease. We also reviewed data from 3 clinical trials on ALA intake and heart disease. In addition, we identified 9 cohort and case-control studies that reported on the association between ALA intake or blood levels and incidence or prevalence of prostate cancer. We combined risk estimates across studies using a random-effects model. High ALA intake was associated with reduced risk of fatal heart disease in prospective cohort studies (combined relative risk 0.79, 95% CI 0.60-1.04). Three open-label trials also indicated that ALA may protect against heart disease. However, epidemiologic studies also showed an increased risk of prostate cancer in men with a high intake or blood level of ALA (combined relative risk 1.70; 95% CI 1.12-2.58). This meta-analysis shows that consumption of ALA might reduce heart disease mortality. However, the association between high intake of ALA and prostate cancer is of concern and warrants further study.
Long-term effects of dietary α-linolenic acid from perilla oil on serum fatty acids composition and on the risk factors of coronary heart disease in Japanese elderly subjects; Although important roles of dietary n-3 fatty acids in the prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) have been suggested, long-term effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) have not yet been established under controlled conditions. We tested whether a moderate increase of dietary ALA affects fatty acids composition in serum and the risk factors of CHD. Oxidized LDL (OxLDL) was directly measured by ELISA using antibody specific to OxLDL, By merely replacing soybean cooking oil (SO) with perilla oil (PO) (i.e., increasing 3 g/d of ALA), the n-6/n-3 ratio in the diet was changed from 4, 1 to 1 : 1. Twenty Japanese elderly subjects were initially given a SO diet for at least 6 mo (baseline period), a PO diet for 10 mo (intervention period), and then returned to the previous SO diet (washout period). ALA in the total serum lipid increased from 0.8 to 1.6% after 3 mo on the PO diet, but EPA and DHA increased in a later time, at 10 mo after the PO diet, from 2.5 to 3.6% and 5.3 to 6.4%, respectively (p < 0.05), and then returned to baseline in the washout period. In spite of increases of serum n-3 fatty acids, the OxLDL concentration did not change significantly when given the PO diet. Body weight, total serum cholesterol, triacylglycerol, glucose, insulin and HbAlc concentrations, platelet count and aggregation function, prothrombin time, partial thromboplastin time, fibrinogen and PAI-1 concentration, and other routine blood analysis did not change significantly when given the PO diet. These data indicate that, even in elderly subjects, a 3 g/d increase of dietary ALA could increase serum EPA and DHA in 10 mo without any major adverse effects.
<i>Physaria fendleri FAD3-1</i> overexpression increases alpha-linolenic acid content in <i>Camelina sativa</i> seeds; Camelina (Camelina sativa) is an oil crop with a short growing period, resistance to drought and cold, low fertilizer requirements, and can be transformed using floral dipping. Seeds have a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), at 32-38%. ALA is an omega-3 fatty acid that is a substrate for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the human body. In this study, ALA content was further enhanced by the seed-specific expression of Physaria fendleri FAD3-1 (PfFAD3-1) in camelina. The ALA content increased up to 48% in T2 seeds and 50% in T3 seeds. Additionally, size of the seeds increased. The expression of fatty acid metabolism-related genes in PfFAD3-1 OE transgenic lines was different from that in the wild type, where the expression of CsFAD2 decreased and CsFAD3 increased. In summary, we developed a high omega-3 fatty acid-containing camelina with up to 50% ALA content by introducing PfFAD3-1. This line can be used for genetic engineering to obtain EPA and DHA from seeds.
Rapid declines in coronary heart disease mortality in Eastern Europe are associated with increased consumption of oils rich in alpha-linolenic acid; During the 1980's, opposing time trends were observed in coronary heart disease (CHD) rates between Eastern and Western European countries. In all former socialistic economic countries, CHD was uniformly increasing or stable, but a steady decline in CHD was observed in Western European countries. Surprisingly, during the 1990's CHD mortality substantially decreased in some Eastern European countries but not in others. These changes were accompanied by major shifts in food consumption, including the type of vegetable oils used by the population. There are two major vegetable oils consumed in Eastern Europe (rapeseed and sunflower) that differ greatly in their content of n-3 fatty acids, specifically alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Low ALA intake has been associated with risk of fatal CHD and sudden cardiac death. The purpose of this study was to examine trends in CHD in eleven Eastern European countries to identify whether national changes in vegetable oil consumption after 1990 were associated with changes in CHD mortality rates. Our data show that countries which experienced an increase in ALA consumption also experienced a substantial decline in CHD mortality. These results were consistent in men and women. We hypothesize that the decline in CHD mortality observed in Eastern Europe can be attributed, in part, to changes in ALA consumption.
Highly purified omega-3 fatty acids for secondary prevention of sudden cardiac death after myocardial infarction - Aims and methods of the OMEGA-study; During the last decades a large body of data has been accumulated indicating omega-3 fatty acids to exert beneficial effects on the prognosis of patients with cardiovascular disease. Especially, omega-3 fatty acids are regarded to be effective in reducing the risk of sudden cardiac death after acute myocardial infarction. However, treatment of acute myocardial infarction and secondary prevention considerably have been improved within the past years including early revascularization by PCI, the routine use of beta-blockers, statins and ACE-inhibitors as well as cardiac rehabilitation for improving life style measures. To date, there exists no controlled randomized trial testing the prognostic effect of omega-3 fatty acids after acute myocardial infarction in a double blind regimen under the conditions of modern treatment of myocardial infarction.
Decreasing the Linoleic Acid to α-Linolenic Acid Diet Ratio Increases Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Erythrocytes in Adults; The n-6/n-3 fatty acid (FA) ratio has increased in the Western-style diet to similar to 10-15:1 during the last century, which may have contributed to the rise in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Prior studies have evaluated the effects on CVD risk factors of manipulating the levels of n-6 and n-3 FA using food and supplements or investigated the metabolic fate of linoleic acid (LNA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) by varying the n-6/n-3 ratios. However, no previous studies have investigated the potential interaction between diet ratios and supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3). We used a factorial design approach with adults (n = 24) in a controlled feeding trial to compare the accretion of EPA and DHA into red blood cell membranes (RBC) by adding a direct source (algal oil supplement) of EPA and DHA in a diet with a 10:1 versus 2:1 ratio of n-6/n-3 FA. Subjects were randomized into 8-week crossover diet sequences and each subject consumed three of four diets [10:1, 10:1 plus supplement (10:1 + S), 2:1 and 2:1 + S]. LNA and ALA intakes were 9.4 and 7.7%, and 1.0 and 3.0% during the low and high ALA diets, respectively. Compared to the Western-style 10:1 diet, the 2:1 diet increased EPA by 60% (P < 0.0001) in RBC membranes without the direct EPA source and a 34% increase (P = 0.027) was observed with the 10:1 + S diet; however, DHA levels increased in both diet ratios only with a direct DHA source. Shifting towards a 2:1 diet is a valid alternative to taking EPA-containing supplements.
Understanding omega-3's; Omega-3 fatty acids are a subset of polyunsaturated fatty acids found in marine sources as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and in some leafy vegetables, nuts, and oils as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). The metabolism of omega-3's may explain the cardioprotective effects observed in epidemiologic and experimental studies. Although most data for cardioprotective effects come from studies of marine sources, vegetable sources of omega-3 fatty acids (alpha-linolenic acid) may have similar effects through in vivo conversion to eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. This document will provide an overview of omega-3 fatty acids with a focus on specific sources, metabolism, safety issues, and their potential indication for cardiovascular prevention.
Dietary α-Linolenic Acid, Marine ω-3 Fatty Acids, and Mortality in a Population With High Fish Consumption: Findings From the PREvencion con Dleta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED) Study; Background-Epidemiological evidence suggests a cardioprotective role of a-linolenic acid (ALA), a plant-derived x-3 fatty acid. It is unclear whether ALA is beneficial in a background of high marine x-3 fatty acids (long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids) intake. In persons at high cardiovascular risk from Spain, a country in which fish consumption is customarily high, we investigated whether meeting the International Society for the Study of Fatty Acids and Lipids recommendation for dietary ALA (0.7% of total energy) at baseline was related to all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality. We also examined the effect of meeting the society's recommendation for long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (>= 500 mg/day).
Cytoprotective effects of α-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid and α-tocopherol on 7-ketocholesterol - Induced oxiapoptophagy: Major roles of PI3-K / PDK-1 / Akt signaling pathway and glutathione peroxidase activity in cell rescue; On murine N2a cells, 7-ketocholesterol induced an oxiapotophagic mode of cell death characterized by oxidative stress (reactive oxygen species overproduction on whole cells and at the mitochondrial level; lipid peroxidation), apoptosis induction (caspase-9, -3 and -7 cleavage, PARP degradation) and autophagy (increased ratio LC3-II / LC3-I). Oxidative stress was strongly attenuated by diphenyleneiodonium chloride which inhibits NAD(P)H oxidase. Mitochondrial and peroxisomal morphological and functional changes were also observed. Down regulation of PDK1 / Akt signaling pathways as well as of GSK3 / Mcl-1 and Nrf2 pathways were simultaneously observed in 7-ketocholesterol-induced oxiapoptophagy. These events were prevented by alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid and alpha-tocopherol. The inhibition of the cytoprotection by LY294002, a PI3-K inhibitor, demonstrated an essential role of PI3-K in cell rescue. The rupture of oxidative stress in 7-ketocholesterol-induced oxiapoptophagy was also associated with important modifications of glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase and catalase activities as well as of glutathione peroxidase-1, superoxide dismutase-1 and catalase level and expression. These events were also counteracted by alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid and alpha-tocopherol. The inhibition of the cytoprotection by mercaptosuccinic acid, a glutathione peroxidase inhibitor, showed an essential role of this enzyme in cell rescue. Altogether, our data support that the reactivation of PI3-K and glutathione peroxidase activities by alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid and alpha-tocopherol are essential to prevent 7KCinduced oxiapoptophagy.
DIETARY ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID DEFICIENCY IN THE RAT .1. EFFECTS ON REPRODUCTION AND POSTNATAL-GROWTH; The effects of a dietary alpha-linolenic acid (18:3 n-3) deficiency on reproduction and postnatal growth in rats were studied during 3 successive gestations and 4 successive generations. Female rats received respectively a semi-synthetic diet in which the lipids were incorporated either as sunflower oil at 1.5% (deficient diet) or as soya oil at 1.87% (control diet). Both diets supplied the same amount of linoleic acid (18:2 n-6) (940 mg/100 g of diet), but the sunflower oil supplied 22 times less .alpha.-linolenic acid than the soya diet (6 mg vs. 130 mg/100 g of diet). The results showed that, in our experimental conditions, the .alpha.-linolenic acid deficiency had no effect on fecundity (% of pregnant females), fertility (number of pups/litter), pup birth weight, food intake and weight of pregnant or lactating females, or pup growth during suckling. However, this deficiency did cause abnormally high rates of perinatal mortality from birth to postpartum day 3, namely on the average, for successive gestations: 18.5% in deficient pups vs. 5.2% in the controls, and for successive generations: 16.6% in deficient pups vs. 5.3% in the controls. Rat n-3 PUFA requirement during reproduction has been discussed; it appears to be more than 100 mg/100 g of feed. But this need should also be estimated in relation to n-6 PUFA supply; for female rats during reproduction, the ratio n-6: n-3 should be less than 10.
Interaction between omega 3 PUFA and UVB radiation: Photoprotective effect in normal and tumoral murine melanocytes?; Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFA) are attracting a growing interest as potential adjuvants for cancer prevention and treatment. There is evidence about photoprotection in normal cells, but few previous studies have evaluated it in tumoral cells. Therefore, this study investigated the effect of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in normal murine melanocytic cells (Melan-a) and in tumoral murine melanocytic cells (B16F10) exposed to UVB radiation. Our results showed that ALA exhibited an antiproliferative effect in B16F10 cells, and had minimal effect in Melan-a cells, as demonstrated by MTT assay. On the other hand, the combination of ALA (7.5 mu M) and UVB (0.01 J/cm(2)) showed a protective effect for both cell lines, Melan-a and B16F10. ALA and UVB combined or UVB alone induced an accumulation of cell lines at the S/G2/M phase. In addition, the combination of ALA and UVB, and UVB alone, both induced cell death in 24 h; and in 48 h, ALA attenuated this effect in both cells. Further to these findings, it was demonstrated that ALA did not alter ROS levels in both cells exposed to UVB radiation. The effect of an omega 6 PUFA, linoleic acid, under the same conditions of ALA were tested. It was not protective in either cell line. Therefore, our results can be very important since it was shown another role to an omega 3 PUFA as a photoprotective agent in a melanoma cell. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Resolvin D1, a Metabolite of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid, Decreases Post-Myocardial Infarct Depression; We hypothesized that inflammation induced by myocardial ischemia plays a central role in depression-like behavior after myocardial infarction (MI). Several experimental approaches that reduce inflammation also result in attenuation of depressive symptoms. We have demonstrated that Resolvin D1 (RvD1), a metabolite of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) derived from docosahexaenoic acid, diminishes infarct size and neutrophil accumulation in the ischemic myocardium. The aim of this study is to determine if a single RvD1 injection could alleviate depressive symptoms in a rat model of MI. MI was induced in rats by occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery for 40 min. Five minutes before ischemia or after reperfusion, 0.1 mu g of RvD1 or vehicle was injected in the left ventricle cavity. Fourteen days after MI, behavioral tests (forced swim test and socialization) were conducted to evaluate depression-like symptoms. RvD1 reduced infarct size in the treated vs. the vehicle group. Animals receiving RvD1 also showed better performance in the forced swim and social interaction tests vs. vehicle controls. These results indicate that a single RvD1 dose, given 5 min before occlusion or 5 min after the onset of reperfusion, decreases infarct size and attenuates depression-like symptoms.
α-Linolenic acid and risk of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Prior studies of a-linolenic acid (ALA), a plant-derived omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk have generated inconsistent results.
Effects of a hypoenergetic diet rich in α-linolenic acid on fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in overweight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: Plant-derived cc-linolenic acid (ALA) may exert cardioprotective effects. Dietary ALA can undergo desaturation and elongation to form long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, but the extent to which this occurs in humans is unclear. The aim of the study was to examine the effects of an energy restricted diet enriched with ALA on fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Can a Indo-Mediterranean type of diet rich in n-3 fatty acids provide protection against coronary artery disease?; Objective: To review published and unpublished data on the role of IndoMediterranean diet rich in n-3 fatty acids in decreasing coronary artery disease and inhibiting the development of atherosclerosis.
Omega-3 polyunsatured fatty acids and health: a mini-review of current knowledge.; The influence of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on health is to-day a matter which has spread out of the scientific community: health claims, not always justified, are made about foods or supplements containing or enriched in omega-3 fatty acids. Research on omega-3 fatty acids and health were started about thirty years ago by the discovery of their implication in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Since then, an increasing amount of works have extended the interest born to omega-3 fatty acids to many aspects of human health. This review is an overview of recent research and recent results on this topic, prioritizing works made in humans. On the basis of recent reviews and original works, it will be successively discussed of their biosynthesis and its nutritional consequences, of their intake levels in the French population, of the needs of the gestating and lactating women and of the newborn, and of the proven or possible effects of these fatty acids on inflammatory diseases, insulin resistance, diabetes and obesity, cardiovascular diseases, cancers, mental health and neurodegenerative diseases.
The Evidence for α-Linolenic Acid and Cardiovascular Disease Benefits: Comparisons with Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid; Our understanding of the cardiovascular disease (CVD) benefits of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) has advanced markedly during the past decade. It is now evident that ALA benefits CVD risk. The expansion of the ALA evidence base has occurred in parallel with ongoing research on eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and CVD. The available evidence enables comparisons to be made for ALA vs. EPA + DHA for CVD risk reduction. The epidemiologic evidence suggests comparable benefits of plant-based and marine-derived n-3 (omega-3) PUFAs. The clinical trial evidence for ALA is not as extensive; however, there have been CVD event benefits reported. Those that have been reported for EPA + DHA are stronger because only EPA + DHA differed between the treatment and control groups, whereas in the ALA studies there were diet differences beyond ALA between the treatment and control groups. Despite this, the evidence suggests many comparable CVD benefits of ALA vs. EPA + DHA. Thus, we believe that it is time to revisit what the contemporary dietary recommendation should be for ALA to decrease the risk of CVD. Our perspective is that increasing dietary ALA will decrease CVD risk; however, randomized controlled clinical trials are necessary to confirm this and to determine what the recommendation should be. With a stronger evidence base, the nutrition community will be better positioned to revise the dietary recommendation for ALA for CVD risk reduction.
No effect of n-3 fatty acids supplementation on NT-proBNP after myocardial infarction: The Alpha Omega Trial; Background heart failure is a major risk factor for cardiovascular mortality, for which n-3 fatty acids may have beneficial effects. We examined the effect of marine eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on N-Terminal-pro Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP), a biomarker of heart failure.
Dietary flaxseed protects against ventricular arrhythmias and left ventricular dilation after a myocardial infarction; Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular events and sudden cardiac death. Flaxseed is a rich plant source of n-3 PUFAs and can retard the progression and accelerate the regression of atherosclerotic plaques. The aim of the study was to examine the preventive and therapeutic effects of dietary flaxseed on arrhythmias and heart dysfunction that develops after a myocardial infarction (MI). The left anterior descending coronary artery was ligated in rats to induce the MI. Rats were randomized into five groups: sham MI with normal chow, MI with normal chow, MI with 10% milled flaxseed supplementation (flax), MI with 4.4% supplemented flax oil enriched in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and MI with flax lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG) supplementation (0.44%). Animals were fed with their respective diets for 2 weeks before and for 8 weeks after the surgery. Echocardiography and continuous electrocardiographic recordings were obtained after ligation to confirm the induction of the MI, to check for arrhythmias and to assess cardiac function. Histological examination was also performed to evaluate cardiac fibrosis. Dietary supplementation with flaxseed, ALA or SDG before and after the induction of the MI significantly reduced the incidence of arrhythmias and resulted in significantly smaller infarct size, less left ventricle dilation, and decreased myocardial fibrosis and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels compared to the control MI group. Together, this study supports a beneficial effect of dietary flaxseed in patients for the prevention and treatment of arrhythmias and ventricular remodeling post-MI. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Health Promoting Properties of the Conjugated Isomers of α-Linolenic Acid; The bioactive properties of the conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers have long been recognised and are the subject of a number of excellent reviews. However, despite this prominence the CLA isomers are not the only group of naturally occurring dietary conjugated fatty acids which have shown potent bioactivity. In a large number of in vitro and in vivo studies, conjugated alpha-linolenic acid (CLNA) isomers have displayed potent anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, anti-obese and anti-carcinogenic activity, along with the ability to improve biomarkers of cardio-vascular health. CLNA isomers are naturally present in high concentrations in a large variety of seed oils but can also be produced in vitro by strains of lactobacilli and bifidobactena through the activity of the enzyme linoleic acid isomerase on alpha-linolenic acid. In this review, we will address the possible therapeutic roles that CLNA may play in a number of conditions afflicting Western society and the mechanisms through which this activity is mediated.
Effect of Flaxseed Supplementation on Milk and Plasma Fatty Acid Composition and Plasma Parameters of Holstein Dairy Cows; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of whole flaxseed and ground flaxseed supplementation on the composition of fatty acids in plasma and milk, particularly the content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs). Thirty Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned to three treatment groups. Cows were fed a total mixed ration without flaxseed (CK), 1500 g of whole flaxseed (WF), and 1500 g of ground flaxseed (GF) supplementation. There were no differences observed in dry matter intake, milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and 4% fat-corrected milk (p > 0.05). Compared with the CK group, the contents of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosatrienoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid increased in the plasma and milk WF and GF groups, and the content of docosahexaenoic acid and total n-3 PUFA was higher in GF than the other groups (p < 0.001). The ALA yield increased to 232% and 360% in WF and GF, respectively, compared to the CK group. Compared with the WF group, GF supplementation resulted in an increased milk ALA/ALA intake ratio (p < 0.001). Flaxseed supplementation increased the activity of GSH-Px and decreased the concentration of MDA in milk (p < 0.001). Plasma parameters did not differ among the treatments (p > 0.05). This result indicated that compared with the WF group, GF supplementation in the diet showed higher efficiency in increasing the total n-3 PUFA levels and the milk ALA/ALA intake ratio, and decreased the ratio of n-6 PUFAs to n-3 PUFAs in milk.
International recommendations for consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids; As an appreciation of the cardioprotective properties of the long-chain, fish-oil-derived omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) has grown, so too have official dietary guidelines. Health organizations and government agencies are typically recommending intakes that either maintain the status quo (about 100- 200 mg/day in most western countries) or are intended to actively reduce risk for cardiovascular disease. The latter are around usually 400- 600 mg/day, an amount likely to stimulate commercial interests to fortify foods with omega-3 fatty acids. Fortification is perhaps the best long-term solution to the chronically-low intake of omega-3 fatty acids that plagues western cultures.
TESTING DIETS LOW IN ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID IN GROWING, GESTATING AND LACTATING FEMALE RATS; In order to produce weanling rats with low levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in their body lipids, a stock diet and a purified diet with very high linoleic acid/.alpha.-linolenic acid ratios were formulated. These diets contained 10% and 15% sunflower oil, and 0,32 and 0,21 g/kg .alpha.-linolenic acid, respectively. Female rats from two Wistar strains were fed these diets from weaning through growth, gestation and lactation. A commercial stock diet was used for comparison. The litters from one strain fed the purified diet had a moderate but significant perinatal mortality. Satisfactory growth and reproduction performances were observed in both strains with the stock diet.
Dietary supplementation of α-linolenic acid-rich flaxseed oil enhances anti-PD-1 protection against orthotopic hepatocellular carcinoma by reshaping gut homeostasis and improving anti-tumor immunity via gut-liver axis in mice; Blockade therapy of immune checkpoint with anti -programmed cell death (PD) -1 antibody has achieved tremendous success on the treatment of numerous malignant tumors, whereas there is still a problem of low response rate. In the present study, the complement of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on the impact of PD -1 immunotherapy for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) was investigated. We found that the ALA combined with PD -1 immunotherapy exerted superior in inhibiting tumor growth. Moreover, the combination treatment significantly changed diverse T cell subsets and ant -tumor immunity associated cytokine levels in plasma and tumor tissues. Intriguingly, gut dysbiosis was notably attenuated after the intervention by elevating the expression of intestinal tight junction proteins alonged with reducing liver lipopolysaccharide (LPS), as well as modulating gut microbiota and short -chain fatty acids (SCFAs). Collectively, these results indicated that the supplement with ALA strengthened anti -tumor immunity and reshaped the gut homeostasis to contribute to the PD -1 treatment against HCC.
Dietary alpha-linolenic acid reduces platelet activation and collagen-mediated cell adhesion in sickle cell disease mice; Background Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a genetic hemoglobinopathy associated with high morbidity and mortality. The primary cause of hospitalization in SCD is vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC), mediated by alteration of red blood cells, platelets, immune cells and a pro-adhesive endothelium. Objectives We investigated the potential therapeutic use of the plant-derived omega-3 alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in SCD. Methods Berkeley mice were fed a low- or high-ALA diet for 4 weeks, followed by analysis of liver fibrosis, endothelial activation, platelet activation and formation of platelet-neutrophils aggregates. Aggregation of platelets over collagen under flow after high-ALA was compared to a blocking P-selectin Fab. Results Dietary high-ALA was able to reduce the number of sickle cells in blood smear, liver fibrosis, and the expression of adhesion molecules on the endothelium of aorta, lungs, liver and kidneys (VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and vWF). Specific parameters of platelet activation were blunted after high-ALA feeding, notably P-selectin exposure and the formation of neutrophil-platelet aggregates, along with a correspondingly reduced expression of PSGL-1 on neutrophils. By comparison, in vivo treatment of SCD mice with the anti-P-selectin Fab was able to similarly reduce the formation of neutrophil-platelet aggregates, but did not reduce GpIb alpha shedding nor the activation of the alpha(IIb)beta(3) integrin in response to thrombin. Both ALA feeding and P-selectin blocking significantly reduced collagen-mediated cell adhesion under flow. Conclusions Dietary ALA is able to reduce the pro-inflammatory and pro-thrombotic state occurring in the SCD mouse model and may represent a novel, inexpensive and readily available therapeutic strategy for SCD.
Alpha-linolenic acid given as enteral or parenteral nutritional intervention against sensorimotor and cognitive deficits in a mouse model of ischemic stroke; Stroke is a leading cause of disability and death worldwide. Numerous therapeutics applied acutely after stroke have failed to improve long-term clinical outcomes. An emerging direction is nutritional intervention with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids acting as disease-modifying factors and targeting post-stroke disabilities. Our previous studies demonstrated that the omega-3 precursor, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) administrated by injections or dietary supplementation reduces stroke damage by direct neuroprotection, and triggering brain artery vasodilatation and neuroplasticity. Successful translation of putative therapies will depend on demonstration of robust efficacy on common deficits resulting from stroke like loss of motor control and memory/learning. This study evaluated the value of ALA as adjunctive therapy for stroke recovery by comparing whether oral or intravenous supplementation of ALA best support recovery from ischemia. Motor and cognitive deficits were assessed using rotarod, pole and Morris water maze tests. ALA supplementation in diet was better than intravenous treatment in improving motor coordination, but this improvement was not due to a neuroprotective effect since infarct size was not reduced. Both types of ALA supplementation improved spatial learning and memory after stroke. This cognitive improvement correlated with higher survival of hippocampal neurons. These results support clinical investigation establishing therapeutic plans using ALA supplementation. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Efficacy and Safety of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Background It is widely accepted that omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, but many large randomized controlled trial studies and meta-analyses have come to different conclusions. The evidence for omega-3 fatty acids supplementation to prevent cardiovascular disease remains insufficient. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of several types of omega-3 fatty acids supplements. Methods We comprehensively searched the online database and found 15 RCTs. The primary efficacy outcomes included major cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, stroke, cardiovascular death, and all-cause death. The safety endpoints included gastrointestinal problems, bleeding-related disorders, and cancer. Subgroup analysis was conducted according to the main characteristics of the population, and the dose-response relationship of omega-3 fatty acids was evaluated by meta-regression. All results were calculated by the random effect model. Statistical heterogeneity was assessed using chi-square tests and quantified using I-square statistics. Results The incidence of major cardiovascular events (RR 0.95, 95%CI 0.91 to 0.99, P = 0.026), myocardial infarction (RR 0.90, 95%CI 0.83 to 0.98; P = 0.021), and cardiovascular death (RR 0.94, 95%CI 0.88 to 0.99; P = 0.028) was reduced in the omega-3 fatty acid group compared with the control group. An increased risk of atrial fibrillation (RR 1.25, 95%CI 1.10 to 1.41; P = 0.000) was observed in patients in the omega-3 fatty acid group. No statistical differences were observed between the two groups in heart failure, stroke, and all-cause death. For safety endpoints, there were no statistically significant differences between the two groups in gastrointestinal problems, bleeding-related disorders, and cancer. Subgroup analysis showed that the cardiovascular benefit of omega-3 fatty acids was primarily attributable to the prescription of EPA ethyl ester. Omega-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in patients with cardiovascular disease or risk factors, and reduce the risk of myocardial infarction in patients without cardiovascular disease; however, they may increase the risk of stroke in patients with myocardial infarction. In addition, prescription omega-3 acid ethyl ester has a good safety profile, and prescription EPA ethyl ester has a high risk of bleeding. Conclusion Moderate evidence showed that the use of omega-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction, and cardiovascular death. Compared to other types of omega-3 fatty acids supplements, we support the use of prescription EPA ethyl ester formulations for the prevention of cardiovascular disease, but the potential risk of atrial fibrillation and bleeding cannot be ignored. It is important to note that omega-3 fatty acids should be applied with caution in patients with previous myocardial infarction, which may increase the risk of stroke. Finally, omega-3 fatty acids are relatively safe and in general do not increase gastrointestinal problems, bleeding-related disorders, or cancer, but attention needs to be paid to the risk of bleeding with prescription EPA ethyl ester formulations.
α-Linolenic acid but not linolenic acid protects against hypertension: critical role of SIRT3 and autophagic flux; Although dietary alpha -linolenic acid (ALA) or linolenic acid (LA) intake was reported to be epidemiologically associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension, recent clinical trials have yielded conflicting results. Comparable experimental evidence for the roles of these two different fatty acids is still lacking and the underlying mechanisms need to be further elucidated. Our data showed that ALA but not LA supplementation alleviated systolic blood pressure elevation and improved ACh-induced, endothelium-dependent vasodilation in both spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) and AngII-induced hypertensive mice. In addition, SHRs displayed reduced vascular Sirtuin 3 (SIRT3) expression, subsequent superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2) hyperacetylation and mitochondrial ROS overproduction, all of which were ameliorated by ALA but not LA supplementation. In primary cultured endothelial cells, ALA treatment directly inhibited SIRT3 reduction, SOD2 hyperacetylation, mitochondrial ROS overproduction and alleviated autophagic flux impairment induced by AngII plus TNF alpha treatment. However, these beneficial effects of ALA were completely blocked by silencing SIRT3. Restoration of autophagic flux by rapamycin also inhibited mitochondrial ROS overproduction in endothelial cells exposed to AngII plus TNF alpha. More interestingly, SIRT3 KO mice developed severe hypertension in response to a low dose of AngII infusion, while ALA supplementation lost its anti-hypertensive and endothelium-protective effects on these mice. Our findings suggest that ALA but not LA supplementation improves endothelial dysfunction and diminishes experimental hypertension by rescuing SIRT3 impairment to restore autophagic flux and mitochondrial redox balance in endothelial cells. Schematic diagram of the mechanisms whereby alpha -linolenic acid protects against endothelial dysfunction and hypertension.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on cancer incidence, non-vascular death, and total mortality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids are known to prevent cardiac death. However, previous observational studies have suggested that omega-3 fatty acids are associated with cancer risk in adults. We conducted a meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials to evaluate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the risk of cancer incidence, nonvascular death, and total mortality.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Dietary α-linolenic acid reduces inflammatory and lipid cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolemic men and women; a-Linolenic acid (ALA) reduces cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, possibly by favorably changing vascular inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Inflammatory markers and lipids and lipoproteins were assessed in hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 23) fed 2 diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol, and high in PUFA varying in ALA (ALA Diet) and linoleic acid (LA Diet) compared with an average American diet (AAD). The ALA Diet provided 17% energy from PUFA (10.5% LA; 6.5% ALA); the LA Diet provided 16.4% energy from PUFA (12.6% LA; 3.6% ALA); and the AAD provided 8.7% energy from PUFA (7.7% LA; 0.8% ALA). The ALA Diet decreased C-reactive protein (CRP, P < 0.01), whereas the LA Diet tended to decrease CRP (P = 0.08). Although the 2 high-PUFA diets similarly decreased intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 vs. AAD (-19.1% by the ALA Diet, P < 0.01; -11.0% by the LA Diet, P < 0.01), the ALA Diet decreased vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1, -15.6% vs. -3.1%, P < 0.01) and E-selectin (-14.6% vs. -8.1%, P < 0.01) more than the LA Diet. Changes in CRP and VCAM-1 were inversely associated with changes in serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (r = -0.496, P = 0.016; r = -0.418, P = 0.047), or EPA plus docosapentaenoic acid (r = -0.409, P = 0.053; r = -0.357, P = 0.091) after subjects consumed the ALA Diet. The 2 high-PUFA diets decreased serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides similarly (P < 0.05); the ALA Diet decreased HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein Al compared with the AAD (P < 0.05). ALA appears to decrease CVD risk by inhibiting vascular inflammation and endothelial activation beyond its lipid-lowering effects.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a necessity for a comprehensive secondary prevention strategy; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation has been used for the secondary prevention of fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI). However, the benefit of this therapy is frequently confused with other established treatments in the therapeutic strategy among such patients. We review the data on omega-3 PUFA use in secondary care and consider indications for its use which include post-MI and raised triglycerides. We suggest that the available evidence supports the use of omega-3 supplementation as part of the comprehensive secondary care package for post-MI patients.
Low Plasma Proportion of Omega 3-Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Predicts Poor Outcome in Acute Non-Cardiogenic Ischemic Stroke Patients; Background and Purpose Alterations in blood fatty acid (FA) composition are associated with cardiovascular diseases. We investigated whether plasma FA composition was related to stroke severity and functional outcome in acute ischemic stroke patients. Methods We prospectively enrolled 156 patients with first-episode cerebral infarction, within 7 days of symptom onset. The proportion of FAs was analyzed using gas chromatography, and the summation of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFA), 18:3 omega 3 alpha-linolenic acid, 20:3 omega 3 eicosatrienoic acid, 20:5 omega 3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and 22:6 omega 3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was reported as Sigma omega 3-PUFAs. Stroke severity was assessed using the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score on admission. Poor functional outcome was defined by modified Rankin scale (mRS) >= 3 at three months after the index stroke.
n-3 Fatty acids and serum lipoproteins: Human studies; The effects of n-3 fatty acids from fish oils (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) and plant oils (alpha-linolenic acid) on human serum lipids and lipoproteins are reviewed. Studies were included in this review if they were placebo-controlled, crossover, or parallel design studies providing < 7 g n-3 fatty acids/d and with treatment periods of greater than or equal to 2 wk duration. Only three studies were available for evaluation of the effects of alpha-linolenic acid on serum lipid concentrations. From these studies it appeared that alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) was equivalent to n-6-rich oils vis-a-vis lipid and lipoprotein effects. Only when very large amounts of flaxseed oil were fed did the hallmark effect of marine n-3 fatty acids-reduced triacylglycerol concentrations-appear. Thus, in terms of effects on lipoprotein metabolism, the plant-derived n-3 fatty acid is not equivalent to the marine-based acids. More studies using the marine-based acids were examined and summarized. Both crossover (n = 36) and parallel (n = 29) design studies reached the same conclusions: total cholesterol is not materially affected by n-3 fatty acid consumption, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations tend to rise by 5-10% and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol by 1-3%, and serum triacylglycerol concentrations decrease by 25-30%. These effects of marine n-3 fatty acids are now well-established; what remains is to determine the mechanisms behind these effects and, more importantly, their health consequences.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Effect of α-linolenic acid on vascular function and metabolic risk markers during the fasting and postprandial phase: A randomized placebo-controlled trial in untreated (pre-)hypertensive individuals; Background: Only a limited number of studies have examined the vascular and postprandial effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, C18:3n-3). Therefore, we performed a well-controlled trial focusing specifically on the effects of ALA on vascular function and metabolic risk markers during the fasting and postprandial phase in untreated (pre-)hypertensive individuals.
omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention-management of cardiovascular disease; Epidemiologic studies show that populations who eat fish versus those who do not have a reduced death rate from cardiovascular disease. Experimental studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids affect the function of cells involved in atherothrombosis in numerous ways, including the modification of eicosanoid products in the cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase pathways, the reduced synthesis of cytokines and platelet-derived growth factor, and alterations of leukocyte and endothelial cell properties. Intervention studies in patients with restenosis, myocardial infarction, and cardiac arrhythmias with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation have been addressed in several clinical studies. The ingestion of omega-3 fatty acids following one episode of myocardial infarction appears to decrease the rate of cardiac death. These effects of omega-3 fatty acids appear to be due to their antiarrhythmic properties. Ln fact, fish oil has been shown to reduce ventricular arrhythmias and to be more beneficial than currently used pharmacologic agents. The dose, duration, and mechanisms involved in the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease following omega-3 fatty acid ingestion or supplementation need to be investigated by double blind controlled clinical trials.
No effects of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on serum total testosterone levels in older men: the Alpha Omega Trial; The intake of the n-3 fatty acids alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has been related to testosterone levels in epidemiological analyses. The aim of this study was to assess whether the n-3 fatty acids affects testosterone levels in post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients, who are at risk of testosterone deficiency. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of low-dose supplementation of n-3 fatty acids, we included 1850 male post-MI patients aged 6080 years who participated in the Alpha Omega Trial. Patients were randomly allocated to margarines that provided 400 mg/day of EPADHA (n = 453), 2 mg/day of ALA (n = 467), EPADHA plus ALA (n = 458), or placebo (n = 472). Serum testosterone levels were assessed at baseline and after 41 months using whole day blood samples obtained at the subjects home or at the hospital. Subjects were on average age of 68.4 (SD 5.3) years old and had baseline mean serum total testosterone of 14.8 (SD 5.6) nmol/L. The four randomized groups did not differ for baseline characteristics. ALA, EPADHA, and EPADHA plus ALA supplementation did not affect serum total testosterone compared to placebo. Moreover, n-3 fatty acid supplementation did not affect the risk of incident testosterone deficiency (n = 76 with total testosterone <8.0 nmol/L). We conclude that n-3 fatty acids supplementation did not affect serum total testosterone in men who had had a MI.
Influence of ω-3 PUFAs on Predictors of Sudden Cardiac Death in Patients With Q-Wave Myocardial Infarction; Objective. To assess effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on non-invasive predictors of sudden cardiac death (ventricular arrhythmias, QT duration and variability, late ventricular potentials [LVP], microvolt-level T-wave alternans [MTWA], and heart rhythm turbulence [HRT]) in patients with Q-wave myocardial infarction (MI) and ventricular heart rhythm disturbances (VHRD). Material and methods. The study included 140 men aged 52.5 +/- 1.3 years with primary diagnosis of Q-wave MI and I-IV Lown grade VHRD. Patients were randomized in 2 groups: index group (A) and control group (B) consisted of 70 persons each. Patients of index and control groups were divided into another 2 groups by severity of arrhythmic syndrome: Al (n=39) and Bl (n=38) with I-III grade VHRDs; A2 (n=31) and B2 (n=32) with IV-V grade VHRDs. In index groups (Al and A2) omega-3 PUFA medicine was administered additionally to standard therapy at a dose of 1 g/day during 6 months. All patients underwent standard clinical examination and 24-hour Holter ECG monitoring on days 10-14 and in 6 months after MI. Results. Decreases of single and paired ventricular extrasystoles, ventricular tachycardia runs, total duration of myocardial ischemia were observed in patients of index groups Al and A2 after (omega-3 PUFAs treatment. After 6 months of omega-3 PUFAs treatment significant QT shortening and increase of QTc variability were noted. Numbers of patients with LVP in Al and A2 groups decreased 21.3% (p<0.05) and 38.7% (p<0.01), with HRT-20.5% and 29.1% (p<0.05), with MTWA-18% and 16.1% (p<0.01). In control groups the result was statistically insignificant. Conclusion. Administration of 1 g/day of a prescription preparation of 90% omega-3 PUFAs in patients with primary Q-wave MI was associated with decrease of ventricular ectopy severity in patients with low and high grade VHRD and simultaneous reduction of total myocardial ischemia time. omega-3 PUFAs administration for 6 months had marked positive effect on QT duration and variability, LVP, HRT, MTWA.
Omega-3-enriched broiler meat: 3. Fatty acid distribution between triacylglycerol and phospholipid classes; Consumers are becoming more aware of the effect of the food they eat on their health. One of the ways they hope to reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease is by consuming more foods enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Due to the high content of alpha-linolenic acid (LNA), dietary flaxseed is a good source for increasing n-3 PUFA in poultry meat. A study was conducted with 2 primary objectives: to establish the distribution of n-3 PUFA between triacylglycerol (TAG) and phospholipid of broiler chicken breast and thigh meat and to determine the duration of dietary flaxseed supplementation required to ensure a level of n-3 PUFA of 300 mg per 100 g of meat necessary to label meat as a source of n-3 PUFA. This experiment was conducted as a 2 x 8 factorial, with 2 dietary levels of ground flaxseed (10 and 17%) and 8 durations of dietary flaxseed before processing [0 ((control), 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, and 35 d]. A total of 128 Ross x Ross 308 mixed-sex broilers were evaluated to 35 d of age. Breast and thigh meat fatty acid composition was analyzed on duplicate samples of ground meat pooled from 8 birds per treatment. Broken-stick analysis was used to estimate the duration required to achieve 300 mg of n-3 PUFA per 100 g of breast meat. Results clearly indicated that LNA was mainly deposited in the TAG fraction of both breast and thigh meat. Enriching the chicken breast meat with 300 mg of n-3 PUFA per 100 g of meat was achieved in 11.3 and 26.2 d with a 17 and 10% level of flaxseed in diet, respectively. Although a significant increase of n-3 long-chain PUFA (20: 5n-3, 22: 5n-3, and 22: 6n-3) was found in the phospholipid and TAG fraction of both tissues, the concentration of these functional components was low. More than 95% of n-3 PUFA enrichment was due to LNA.
Plant sterol ester of α-linolenic acid improved non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by attenuating endoplasmic reticulum stress-triggered apoptosis via activation of the AMPK; Apoptosis is a feature of progressions steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and can be explained by endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS). The present study aimed to investigate the protective effects of plant sterol ester of alpha-linolenic acid (PS-ALA) on ERS-triggered apoptosis in high fat diet-fed mice and oleic acid-induced hepatocytes, and further explore the underlying mechanisms. Our results showed that PS-ALA improved Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in both in vivo and in vitro models. Moreover, PS-ALA treatment can attenuate ERS and associated apoptosis via inhibiting IRE1 alpha/TRAF2/JNK signal pathway. Furthermore, we found that the protective effect of PS-ALA on ERS-triggered apoptosis was mediated by activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as pretreatment with Compound C, an AMPK inhibitor, abolished the anti-apoptotic effect of PS-ALA. Taken together, our results illustrate that PS-ALA attenuating ERS-mediated apoptosis via activating AMPK, which provided new insights into the protective effect of PS-ALA in NAFLD. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
QbD-based development of α-linolenic acid potentiated nanoemulsion for targeted delivery of doxorubicin in DMBA-induced mammary gland carcinoma: in vitro and in vivo evaluation; Breast cancer is the most common cancer of occurrence in women and has the highest mortality incidence rate therein. The present study envisaged to develop doxorubicin (Dox) loaded folate functionalized nanoemulsion (NE) for profound therapeutic activity against mammary gland cancer. NE was prepared using pseudo-ternary phase diagrams utilizing alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) as lipid phase, to further enhance the anticancer potential of Dox. Box-Behnken design was employed to systematically develop the NE. Optimized NE (f-Dox-NE) was evaluated for in vitro and in vivo performance. f-Dox-NE, with globule size 55.2 +/- 3.3 nm, zeta potential -31 +/- 2 mV, entrapment 92.51 +/- 3.62%, drug loading 0.42 +/- 0.08% and percent drug release 94.86 +/- 1.87% in 72 h, was capable of reducing cell viability in MCF-7 cell lines vis-a-vis pure and marketed drug. Further, mechanistic studies in MCF-7 cell lines demonstrated that f-Dox-NE induces cellular apoptosis by reactive oxygen species generated and mitochondrial membrane mediated apoptosis. The antitumor effect was evaluated in 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) induced mammary gland tumor in female Albino Wistar rats. f-Dox-NE exhibited enhanced antitumor targeting potential, therapeutic safety and efficacy vis-a-vis pure and marketed drug, as revealed by tumor volume, animal survival, weight variation, cardiotoxicity and biodistribution studies. f-Dox-NE restored the biochemical parameters viz., SOD, catalase, TBARS and protein carbonyl, towards normal levels in comparison to DMBA induced animal group. f-Dox-NE displayed downregulation of anti-apoptotic (Bcl-2 and MMP-9) proteins and upregulation of pro-apoptotic proteins (caspase-9 and BAX). The experimental results suggest that ALA augmented folate functionalized NE are able to overcome the challenges of developing safe and effective delivery system with enhanced potential for mammary gland carcinoma therapy.
Effects of n-3 Fatty Acid Supplements in Elderly Patients After Myocardial Infarction A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Background:
IMPORTANT BIOACTIVE PROPERTIES OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS; Good health has been linked with healthy diet. N-3 fatty acids are required for proper functioning of many physiological systems. There is a large body of evidence documenting the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids with the first double bond at the third position from methyl-terminal on health benefits. Scientific evidence is accumulating to substantiate the role omega-3 fatty acids play in conditions such as cardiovascular disease, certain cancers and other diseases. The availability of n-3 fatty acids to various tissues is of major importance to health and depends on dietary intake for both normal development and in the prevention and management of chronic diseases. In this review we will summarize the biological properties of omega-3 fatty acids.
Alpha linolenic acid in maternal diet halts the lipid disarray due to saturated fatty acids in the liver of mice offspring at weaning; Background: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) in maternal diets has been shown to attenuate obesity associated insulin resistance (IR) in adult offspring in mice. The objective in the present study was to detect the early effects of maternal dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) and their partial substitution with omega-3 ALA, docosa hexenoic acid (DHA, 22:6) and eicosapentenoic acid 20:5 (EPA, 20:5) on the HOMA index, liver lipids and fatty acid desaturases in the offspring at weaning.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on cognitive decline: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in stable myocardial infarction patients; Background: Epidemiological studies suggest a protective effect of n-3 fatty acids derived from fish (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) against cognitive decline. For alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) obtained from vegetable sources, the effect on cognitive decline is unknown. We examined the effect of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on cognitive decline in coronary heart disease patients.
Gender differences in rat erythrocyte and brain docosahexaenoic acid composition: Role of ovarian hormones and dietary omega-3 fatty acid composition; The two-fold higher prevalence rate of major depression in females may involve vulnerability to omega-3 fatty acid deficiency secondary to a dysregulation in ovarian hormones. However, the role of ovarian hormones in the regulation of brain omega-3 fatty acid composition has not been directly evaluated. Here we determined erythrocyte and regional brain docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) composition in intact mate and female rats, and in chronically ovariectomized (OVX) rats with or without cyclic estradiol treatment (2 mu g/4 d). All groups were maintained on diets with or without the DHA precursor alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3). We report that both mate (-21%) and OVX (-19%) rats on ALA+ diet exhibited significantly lower erythrocyte DHA composition relative to female controls. Females on ALA+ diet exhibited tower DHA composition in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) relative mates (-5%). OVX rats on ALA+ diet exhibited significantly tower DHA composition in the hippocampus (-6%), but not in the PFC, hypothalamus, or midbrain. Lower erythrocyte and hippocampus DHA composition in OVX rats was not prevented by estrogen replacement. All groups maintained on ALA- diet exhibited significantly tower erythrocyte and regional brain DHA composition relative to groups on ALA+ diet, and these reductions were greater in mates but not in OVX rats. These preclinical data corroborate clinical evidence for gender differences in peripheral DHA composition (female > mate), demonstrate gender differences in PFC DHA composition (mate > female), and support a link between ovarian hormones and erythrocyte and region-specific brain DHA composition. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
α-Linolenic acid prevents endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated apoptosis of stearic acid lipotoxicity on primary rat hepatocytes; Aims: Lipid accumulation in non-adipose tissues leads to cell dysfunction and apoptosis, a phenomenon known as lipotoxicity. Unsaturated fatty acids may offset the lipotoxicity associated with saturated fatty acids. Stearic acid induced endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and caused apoptotic and necrotic cell death in the primary rat hepatocytes.
Alpha linolenic acid decreases apoptosis and oxidized phospholipids in cardiomyocytes during ischemia/reperfusion; The omega-3 fatty acid, alpha linolenic acid (ALA) found in plant-derived foods induces significant cardiovascular benefits when ingested. ALA may be cardioprotective during ischemia; however, the mechanism(s) responsible for this effect is unknown. Isolated adult rat cardiomyocytes were exposed to medium containing ALA for 24 h and then exposed to non-ischemic (control), simulated ischemia (ISCH), or simulated ischemia/reperfusion (IR) conditions. Cardiomyocyte phospholipids were extracted and analyzed by an HPLC/electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry system. Pre-treatment of cells with ALA resulted in a significant incorporation of ALA within cardiomyocyte phosphatidylcholine. Cell death, DNA fragmentation and caspase-3 activity increased during ischemia and ischemia/reperfusion. Two pro-apoptotic oxidized phosphatidylcholine (OxPC) species, 1-palmitoyl-2-(5'-oxo-valeroyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (POVPC), and 1-palmitoyl-2-glutaroyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (PGPC) were significantly increased during both ischemia and ischemia/reperfusion. Pre-treatment of the cells with ALA resulted in a significant reduction in cell death during ischemia and ischemia/reperfusion challenge. Apoptosis was also inhibited during ischemia and ischemia/reperfusion as shown by reduced DNA fragmentation and decreased caspase activation. ALA pre-treatment significantly decreased the production of POVPC and PGPC during ischemia and ischemia/reperfusion. ALA pre-treatment also significantly increased in resting Ca2+ during ischemia or ischemia/reperfusion but did not improve Ca2+ transients. ALA protects the cardiomyocyte from apoptotic cell death during simulated ISCH and IR by inhibiting the production of specific pro-apoptotic OxPC species. OxPCs represent a viable interventional target to protect the heart during ischemic challenge.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) on the platelet aggregation; There is evidence that fish consumption containing Omega-3, offers cardiovascular protection. The American Heart Association (AHA) recommends to consume 1 g/day Omega-3 to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events. Eicosapentanoic and docosahexanoic acids have a chemical structure similar to araquidonic acid; it is supposed that they join the platelet membrane, competing with araquidonic acid as cyclooxygenase substrate, reducing platelet aggregation. This prospective-longitudinal study, with a sample of 30 selected individuals, was carried out knowing the turnover of the thrombocyte. it was intended to evaluate the effect of Omega-3 fatty acids on platelet aggregation, in vitro, over a 7-days period of treatment. Turbimetric method of Born using ADP, Collagen and epinephrine was used. A significantly statistical decrease on the platelet aggregation of 14.3 +/- 3.5% for ADP, 8.78 +/- 2.83% for Collagen and 10.87 +/- 3.11% for epinephrine was observed. In conclusion, 1 g of Omega-3 fatty acids taken daily diminishes, in a 7-days treatment, platelet aggregation, dependent on ADP, Collagen and epinephrine. It is a safe medication with no significant adverse events.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Arrhythmias; The pro- and antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been extensively studied in preclinical and human trials. Despite early evidence of an antiarrhythmic role of n-3 PUFA in the prevention of sudden cardiac death and postoperative and persistent atrial fibrillation (AF), subsequent well-designed randomized trials have largely not shown an antiarrhythmic benefit. Two trials that tested moderate and high-dose n-3 PUFA demonstrated a reduction in sudden cardiac death, but these findings have not been widely replicated, and the potential of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to reduce arrhythmic death in combination, or as monotherapy, remains uncertain. The accumulated clinical evidence does not support supplementation of n-3 PUFA for postoperative AF or secondary prevention of AF. Several large, contemporary, randomized controlled trials of high-dose n-3 PUFA for primary or secondary cardiovascular prevention have demonstrated a small, significant, dose-dependent increased risk of incident AF compared with mineral oil or corn oil comparator. These findings were reproduced with both icosapent ethyl monotherapy and a mixed EPA+DHA formulation. The proarrhythmic mechanism of increased AF in contemporary cohorts exposed to high-dose n-3 PUFA is unknown. EPA and DHA and their metabolites have pleiotropic cardiometabolic and pro- and antiarrhythmic effects, including modification of the lipid raft microenvironment; alteration of cell membrane structure and fluidity; modulation of sodium, potassium, and calcium currents; and regulation of gene transcription, cell proliferation, and inflammation. Further characterization of the complex association between EPA, EPA+DHA, and DHA and AF is needed. Which formulations, dose ranges, and patient subgroups are at highest risk, remain unclear.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces resting heart rate of rats with epilepsy; Since cardiovascular dysfunction may contribute to sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) might be beneficial as an adjunctive therapy for SUDEP prevention. It is well recognized that omega-3 FAs exert positive effects on the cardiovascular system including heart rate (HR) reduction, a major risk factor to sudden death. Thus, we evaluated the effects of chronic supplementation of omega-3 FAs on the HR of rats with epilepsy. In agreement with our previous investigations, this study also showed that the HR of animals with epilepsy is higher than that of the control group. Quite interestingly, chronic supplementation with omega-3 FAs restored the HR of rats with epilepsy toward control values. In conclusion, although further investigations are still required, our preliminary results showed a potential preventive effect of omega-3 FA supplementation against SUDEP. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SERUM LP(A) LIPOPROTEIN LEVELS IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE AND THE INFLUENCE OF LONG-TERM N-3 FATTY-ACID SUPPLEMENTATION; The serum levels of Lp(a) lipoprotein (Lp(a)) were determined preoperatively in 601 patients with coronary artery disease, undergoing bypass operations. Compared with a reference group of 99 apparently healthy individuals, the Lp(a) levels were higher in the patient group (7.7 mg dl(-1) vs. 5.1 mg dl(-1), p=0.012). In the patient group, there was a weak, but significant negative correlation between the Lp(a) levels and age (r=-0.10, p=0.017), and in both groups the women had higher Lp(a) levels than the men. In the patients we found no significant correlations between Lp(a) and other serum lipids or lipoproteins, nor between Lp(a) and variables in the fibrinolytic system. We investigated the longterm effects of supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on the Lp(a) concentrations. Postoperatively, in a randomized fashion, 280 of the patients received 4 g of an n-3 PUFA concentrate (containing > 85% of long-chain n-3 PUFAs) per day, whereas 269 patients comprised the control group. The fatty acids in serum phospholipids were monitored, and a significant increase in the phospholipid n-3 fatty acids was noted in the n-3 PUFA group, as opposed to the virtually unchanged amounts in the control group. The Lp(a) levels were determined again after 6 months, and, compared with the control group, n-3 PUFA supplementation had no overall effect on the serum Lp(a) levels.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on the prognosis of coronary artery disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: To evaluate whether o mega-3 fatty acids (co-3 FAs) supplementation can improve cardiovascular outcomes in patients with established coronary artery disease (CAD). Data synthesis: Five electronic databases were searched for randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of omega-3 FAs on cardiovascular outcomes in patients with CAD. The language was restricted to English. The risk ratio was pooled. Subgroup analyses were conducted to evaluate whether study-level variables might act as effect modifiers. A total of 12 studies involving 29913 patients were included. omega-3 FAs had no effects on major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) (RR, 0.93; 95 % CI: 0.85 to 1.01, P = 0.09). While omega-3 FAs reduced the incidences of all-cause death (RR, 0.90; 95 % CI: 0.83 to 0.97, P = 0.005), cardiovascular death (RR, 0.82; 95 % CI: 0.75 to 0.90, P < 0.0001), myocardial infarction (RR, 0.77; 95 % CI: 0.68 to 0.86, P < 0.0001), revascularization (RR, 0.80; 95 % CI: 0.69 to 0.93, P = 0.003), sudden cardiac death (RR, 0.67; 95 % CI: 0.52 to 0.86, P = 0.002) and hospitalization for heart failure or unstable angina pectoris (RR, 0.75; 95 % CI: 0.58 to 0.97, P = 0.03) in CAD. It did not statistically reduce the risk of stroke (RR, 0.96; 95 % CI: 0.77 to 1.21, P = 0.76). The favorable effects of omega-3 FAs on MACEs were significant in subgroups of intervention with EPA and baseline triglyceride >= 1.7 mmol/L. Conclusion: omega-3 FAs supplementation, especially EPA, appears to be an effective adjunct therapy for improving the prognosis of CAD. (c) 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Current Evidence and Future Directions of Omega-3 Supplementation and Cardiovascular Disease Risk; Omega-3 supplementation has a controversial role in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Despite large clinical trials published over the years, the evidence of omega-3 in preventing cardiovascular diseases, especially coronary heart disease, is still inconclusive. However, recent clinical trials using higher dose of omega-3 or highly purified esters of omega-3 shows promising result, with reduction in cardiovascular death and incidence of cardiovascular disease. This review aims to summarize the possible mechanism of omega-3 in preventing cardiovascular disease and future directions of research regarding the benefit of omega-3 in cardiovascular disease.
Hypertriglyceridemia and omega-3 fatty acids: Their often overlooked role in cardiovascular disease prevention; Aims: This review aims to describe the pathogenic role of triglycerides in cardiometa-bolic risk, and the potential role of omega-3 fatty acids in the management of hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular disease.
n-3 Fatty Acids, Ventricular Arrhythmia-Related Events, and Fatal Myocardial Infarction in Postmyocardial Infarction Patients With Diabetes; OBJECTIVE-We carried out a secondary analysis in high-risk patients with a previous myocardial infarction (MI) and diabetes in the Alpha Omega Trial. We tested the hypothesis that in these patients an increased intake of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) will reduce the incidence of ventricular arrhythmias and fatal MI.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Biomarkers and Coronary Heart Disease Pooling Project of 19 Cohort Studies; IMPORTANCE The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for primary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) remains controversial. Most prior longitudinal studies evaluated self-reported consumption rather than biomarkers.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Mortality Outcome in Patients With and Without Type 2 Diabetes After Myocardial Infarction: A Retrospective, Matched-Cohort Study; Background: There are conflicting data regarding the benefits of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, most recently in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Omega-3 fatty acid intake and incidence of non-fatal myocardial infarction differ between coastal and internal regions of Saudi Arabia; The purpose of this study was to investigate the intake of omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) in two population groups in Saudi Arabia--one living in the coastal region and one living in the internal region--and to examine the relationship between n-3 FA intakes and non-fatal myocardial infarction and risk factors for heart disease. Sixty elderly men from each region participated. Histories of non-fatal myocardial infarction and heart disease risk factors were collected from medical files. A 24-hour dietary recall and two-day food records were collected. Data were analyzed using student t-test, chi-square, and point-biserial correlation. Total n-3 FA intakes were higher among residents in the coastal than the internal region (P < 0.05). There was a negative correlation between n-3 FA intakes and rates of non-fatal myocardial infarction in both the coastal (p < 0.01) and internal (P < 0.05) regions. We conclude that food consumption patterns of n-3 FA differ by region of the country. Intake of n-3 FA is negatively correlated with non-fatal myocardial and at least one primary risk factor of heart disease in both regions.
Effect of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Supplementation on Body Composition and Circulating Levels of Follistatin-Like 1 in Males With Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomized Double-Blind Clinical Trial; Adipokines are mediators of body composition and are involved in obesity-related complications such as cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 supplementation has not been studied in the setting of body composition and follistatin-like 1 (FSTL1) levels in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). This study aimed to investigate the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (-3 PUFA) supplementation on body composition indices and serum levels of FSTL1 in CAD patients. A total of 42 male (aged 45-65 years) subjects with angiographically confirmed CAD were included in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial study. The subjects were randomly divided into omega-3 and placebo groups. During the 8-week intervention, the omega-3 group received 1,200 mg of omega-3 daily, while the placebo group received paraffin. Before and after the study, anthropometric measurements and body composition components were taken; serum FSTL1 levels were assessed by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kit. In the omega-3 group, a significant 27.6% increase in serum FSTL1 was seen after 8 weeks of intervention (p = .001), but no significant difference in posttreatment levels of FSTL1 was observed between the two groups (p > .05). At the end of the study, a significant decrease in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; 94.29 +/- 22.04 vs. 112.24 +/- 24.5; p = .01) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP; 1.92 +/- 0.79 vs. 3.19 +/- 2.51; p = .03) concentration was detected between the two groups. Changes in fasting blood sugar, fasting insulin, body composition, and anthropometric parameters were not significant within and between the groups. Oral omega-3 might increase FSTL1 and decrease LDL-C and hs-CRP concentrations in CAD patients. However, omega-3 supplementation did not have any effect on FSTL1 levels between the groups.
Effects of Omega-3 Long Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation on Cardiovascular Mortality: The Importance of the Dose of DHA; Recent evidence on the relationship between omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LCPUFA) supplementation and cardiovascular health suggests that n-3 LCPUFA may no longer be efficacious. This review summarises the randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assess the effect of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation on cardiovascular mortality. It appears that in the RCTs that showed no effect of n-3 LCPUFA on cardiovascular mortality, the dose of n-3 LCPUFA (in particular docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) and hence the n-3 LCPUFA status, may not have been sufficiently high to demonstrate the efficacy, and/or the baseline n-3 LCPUFA status was already too high. The intention-to-treat analysis (ITT) is the gold standard for analysing RCTs and ITT is used for drug intervention trials where exposure to the drug versus no drug exposure provides two clearly distinct groups to determine the efficacy of the drug being studied. This differs in nutrition trials as often the nutrient of interest being studied is already being consumed by both groups (placebo and active) and therefore a true placebo group with absolutely no intake of the nutrient being studied is highly unlikely. Therefore, in n-3 LCPUFA supplementation trials, as there is no clear distinction between the two groups (placebo and n-3 LCPUFA), a per-protocol analysis (comparison of groups that includes only those participants that fully completed the original intervention allocation) should be conducted in addition to ITT analysis. Furthermore, blood analysis pre- and post-supplementation should be conducted to ensure that: (1) that the baseline n-3 status is not too high, in order to alleviate a potential ceiling effect; and (2) that the dose is high enough and hence the increase in omega-3 status will be high enough in order to assess the efficacy of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation.
Purposeful Review to Identify the Benefits, Mechanism of Action and Practical Considerations of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation for the Management of Diabetes Mellitus; Despite advances in medical management diabetes mellitus (DM), it remains on the rise and it is the major cause of morbidity and mortality. Its etiology is multifactorial involving environmental, genetic and behavioral origins. It is closely linked to sedentary life and inappropriate food intake. Patients with DM should know about the uses of correct nutritional habits, which is the key in the regulation of blood glucose. Despite the promising experimental investigations, currently, the clinical evidence for the usage of omega-3 supplementation for the management of DM and its complications is both conflicting and limited. In this narrative review, I will summarize recent findings about dietary sources, the potential mechanisms, benefits, and practical considerations on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for the management of DM. The search of literature for this narrative review was done comprehensively by using appropriate search terms and different electronic databases.
Uses and benefits of omega-3 ethyl esters in patients with cardiovascular disease; Much evidence on the favorable effects of omega-3 ethyl esters on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been obtained in studies performed in healthy subjects and in different clinical settings. Here the clinical effects of omega-3 ethyl ester administration in patients with previous myocardial infarction or heart failure are reviewed, together with a discussion of underlying mechanisms of action. The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of omega-3 ethyl esters, as well as evidence concerning their safety and tolerability, are also reported.
Effect of α-linolenic acid on endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated apoptosis of palmitic acid lipotoxicity in primary rat hepatocytes; Background: Hepatic inflammation and degeneration induced by lipid depositions may be the major cause of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). In this study, we investigated the effects of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids (FA) on apoptosis in primary rat hepatocytes.
The effect of flax seed cultivars with differing content of α-linolenic acid and lignans on responses to mental stress; Background: Phytoestrogens offer a possible alternative to hormone replacement therapy. Flax seed contains large quantities of a phytoestrogen precursor, secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG), as well as large quantities of alpha-linolenic acid; these factors may be protective against vascular disease. We have previously shown that the rise in blood pressure during mental stress is a strong predictor of atherosclerosis progression.
n-3 fatty acid dietary recommendations and food sources to achieve essentiality and cardiovascular benefits; Dietary recommendations have been made for n-3 fatty acids, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to achieve nutrient adequacy and to prevent and treat cardiovascular disease. These recommendations are based on a large body of evidence from epidemiologic and controlled clinical studies. The n-3 fatty acid recommendation to achieve nutritional adequacy, defined as the amount necessary to prevent deficiency symptoms, is 0.6-1.2% of energy for ALA; up to 10% of this can be provided by EPA or DHA. To achieve recommended ALA intakes, food sources including flaxseed and flaxseed oil, walnuts and walnut oil, and canola oil are recommended. The evidence base supports a dietary recommendation of approximate to 500 mg/d of EPA and DHA for cardiovascular disease risk reduction. For treatment of existing cardiovascular disease, 1 g/d is recommended. These recommendations have been embraced by many health agencies worldwide. A dietary strategy for achieving the 500-mg/d recommendation is to consume 2 fish meals per week (preferably fatty fish). Foods enriched with EPA and DHA or fish oil supplements are a suitable alternate to achieve recommended intakes and may be necessary to achieve intakes of 1 g/d.
Effects of Dietary Perilla Cake Supplementation in Growing Pig on Productive Performance, Meat Quality, and Fatty Acid Profiles; Perilla is an edible oil crop containing high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and omega-3. The omega-3 helps in mitigating the risk of cardiovascular disease in humans. For industrial use, perilla seed is extracted for virgin oil, which is generally achieved by mechanical screw pressing. This process generates perilla cake that contains a fat content around 9-10%. In this study, we examined the effect of the supplementation of perilla cake in the pig diet on productive performance, pig carcass characteristics, meat quality, and fatty acid composition in fat tissue, and meat. The pig performance improved in terms of average daily gain after supplementation with perilla cake; however, the pig carcass and meat quality was unchanged. Moreover, the perilla cake supplement increased PUFA fatty acids and reduced the proportion of saturated fatty acids and unsaturated fatty acids in pork. The overall outcome of this study provides an alternative source of novel raw material for functional feed additives in livestock production.
Omega-3 fatty acids in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Even with substantial progress in primary and secondary prevention, cardiovascular disease (CVD) persists as a major cause of mortality and morbidity globally. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3 PUFAs) have gained considerable attention for their ability to improve CV health and prognosis. Metanalyses of randomized controlled trials have demonstrated Omega-3 PUFAs' positive impact on CVD outcomes for both primary and secondary prevention endpoints. Marine Omega-3 PUFAs also improve CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, and inflammation; however, many physicians do not recommend Omega-3 PUFAs, largely due to inconsistent results in randomized trials. In this comprehensive review article, we evaluate both historic and current data concerning primary and secondary prevention of CVD with use of Omega-3 PUFAs, delve into the potential causes for the varied results, and examine the most current recommendations on the usage of Omega-3 PUFAs.
Omega-3 fatty acid therapy for cardiovascular disease: justified or not?; Purpose of review To discuss the current evidence regarding the relationship between omega-3 fatty acid intake and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk. Recent findings Combined results from randomized controlled trials using low-dosage (<= 1.8 g/day of ethyl esters) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or EPA + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) suggest a small benefit for reducing coronary heart disease risk. The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with EPA-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) that administered 4 g/day icosapent ethyl (IPE) to individuals on statin at high or very high ASCVD risk with elevated triglycerides demonstrated a 25% relative risk reduction in the composite primary endpoint (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, coronary revascularization and unstable angina) for IPE vs. placebo, and a lower hazard for all prespecified individual endpoints other than total mortality. Several national organizations have recommended IPE for ASCVD risk reduction in populations aligning with REDUCE-IT; the Food and Drug Administration has approved IPE for ASCVD risk reduction. However, the Outcomes Study to Assess Statin Residual Risk Reduction with Epanova (EPA + DHA carboxylic acids) in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia was recently stopped for futility. At present, the best available evidence for a role of omega-3 fatty acids in ASCVD risk reduction is for 4 g/day of IPE, as an adjunct to statin therapy, for patients with ASCVD or diabetes mellitus and elevated triglycerides.
Health aspects of fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from plant and marine origin.; An expert workshop reviewed the health effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and came to the following conclusions.
Omega-3 pufa in cardiovascular disease prevention; Although there has been a great progress in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases to date, the mortality of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) still remains high. One of the most important underlying causes explaining this phenomenon is the sudden cardiac death. Hence, there is an urgent medical need for a targeted therapy to reduce the incidence of sudden cardiac death. Results from GISSI Prevenzione Trial show that adding the omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) to standard therapy of patients who survived AMI has the ability to reduce sudden cardiac death (44 % risk reduction, p=0,0006). In addition, significant decline in all-cause cardiovascular mortality (21% risk reduction, p=0,0064) further emphasizes the role of n-3 PUFA in cardiovascular prevention. To date, beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA are attributed to their antiarrhythmic, lipid lowering, antithrombotic and anti-inflammatory properties.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Role in Metabolism and Cardiovascular Disease; The inverse association of cardiovascular risk with intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was suspected early in populations that are known to have a high consumption of fish and fish oil. Subsequent cohort studies confirmed such associations in other populations. Further evidence of possible beneficial effects on metabolism and cardiovascular health was provided by many studies that were able to show specific mechanisms that may underlie these observations. These include improvement of the function of tissues involved in the alterations occurring during the development of obesity and the metabolic syndrome, as adipose tissue, the liver and skeletal muscle. Direct action on the cardiovascular system was not only shown regarding vascular function and the formation of atherosclerotic plaques, but also by providing antiarrhythmic effects on the heart. Data on these effects come from in vitro as well as in vivo studies that were conducted in animal models of disease, in healthy humans and in humans suffering from cardiovascular disease. To define prophylactic as well as treatment options in primary and secondary prevention, large clinical trial assessed the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on end points as cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, so far these trials provided ambiguous data that do allow recommendations regarding the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in higher dosages and beyond the dietary advice of regular fish intake only in few clinical situations, such as severe hypertriglyceridemia.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Cardioceuticals are nutritional supplements that contain all the essential nutrients including vitamins, minerals, omega-3-fatty acids and other antioxidants like a-lipoic acid and coenzyme Q10 in the right proportion that provide all round protection tothe heart by reducing the most common risks associated with the cardiovascular disease including high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels and factors that contribute to coagulation of blood. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to significantly reduce the risk for sudden death caused by cardiac arrhythmias and all-cause mortality in patients with known coronary heart disease. Omega-3 fatty acids are also used to treat hyperlipidemia and hypertension. There are no significant drug interactions with omega-3 fatty acids. The American Heart Association recommends consumption of two servings of fish per week for persons with no history of coronary heart disease and at least one serving of fish daily for those with known-coronary heart disease. Approximately 1 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid is recommended for cardio protection. Higher dosages of omega-3 fatty acids are required to reduce elevated triglyceride levels (2-4 g/day). Modest decreases in blood pressure occur with significantly higher dosages of omega-3 fatty acids.
FISH CONSUMPTION AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE IN THE PHYSICIANS HEALTH STUDY - A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY; The authors examined the association between dietary intake of fish and omega 3 fatty acids from seafood and the risk of cardiovascular disease in a prospective cohort study of 21,185 US male physicians who are participants in the Physicians' Health Study, In 4 years of follow-up, there were 281 incident cases of total (fatal and nonfatal) myocardial infarction, 173 cases of stroke, and 121 cardiovascular deaths, There was no evidence for association between dietary intake of fish and any cardiovascular endpoint, including myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death, The relative risks of total myocardial infarction, adjusted for age and randomized treatment assignment, for categories of fish intake were: 1.0 for <1 meal/week (referent), 1.6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.1-2.3) for 1 fish meal/week; 1,4 (95% CI 1.0-2.0) for 2-4 fish meals/week; and 1.2 (95% CI 0.6-2.2) for greater than or equal to 5 fish meals/week; chi 2 for trend = 0.9, p = 0.34. The relative risks were similar for omega 3 fatty acid intake and for specific types of fish, and did not change after adjustment for history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, or angina pectoris, parental history of myocardial infarction before age 60 years, obesity, exercise, smoking, alcohol use, saturated fat intake, and vitamin supplement use. These data do not support the hypothesis that moderate fish consumption lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Fatty Acid Profile and Cardiometabolic Markers in Relation with Diet Type and Omega-3 Supplementation in Spanish Vegetarians; Plant-based diets are becoming increasingly popular, and scientific information concerning the nutritional status in this population is needed. This study determined the fatty acid profile of Spanish lacto-ovo vegetarians (LO-vegetarians) and vegans. Participants were 104 healthy adults, LO-vegetarians (n = 49) and vegans (n = 55). Lifestyle habits and consumption of food and omega-3 supplements were estimated by questionnaires. BMI, blood pressure, and abdominal and body fat were determined. Serum was collected to analyze fatty acids, glucose, lipids, homocysteine, insulin, and leptin. Volunteers were classified according to serum omega-6 to omega-3 (n-6/n-3) ratio into three groups: n-6/n-3 < 10, n-6/n-3 >= 10 to 20, and n-6/n-3 > 20. Results showed low cardiovascular risk and high insulin sensitivity with negligible differences between diet types. Linoleic acid (C18:2n-6) was the major serum fatty acid, followed by oleic (C18:1n-9) and palmitic (C16:0) acids. In contrast, serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n-3) were (median, interquartile range) 0.27, 0.18% and 1.59, and 0.93%, respectively. Users of n-3 supplements (<10% of total vegetarians) had significantly higher EPA than non-users, while frequent consumption of flax-seeds was associated with increased alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3). However, neither n-3 supplementation nor food consumption affected DHA levels in this vegetarian population.
FLAX : THE VEGETARIAN OMEGA-3 SOURCE; Nutritionally important omega-3 fatty acids include alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), all of which are polyunsaturated. Flax and fish contains highest amount of omega-3 fatty acids among vegetarian and non-vegetarian sources respectively. Nutrition Scientists have recommended an appropriate ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids intake of 5 : 1 to 10 : 1. Taking sufficient omega-3 is important to maintaining good health, as well as reducing the risk of stroke and heart attack and has many other health benefits.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, fatal ischemic heart disease, and nonfatal myocardial infarction in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study; Background: Little is known about the relation of the dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, ie, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) from fatty fish and alpha-linolenic acid from vegetable oils, with ischemic heart disease among older adults.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in the prevention of cardiovascular disease; Introduction: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have purported protective cardiovascular (CV) effects. We sought to assess the evidence available for the use of omega-3 PUFAs for the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Long-chain conversion of [<SUP>13</SUP>C] linoleic acid and α-linolenic acid in response to marked changes in their dietary intake in men; We studied the long-chain conversion of [U-C-13](alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid (ALA) and responses of erythrocyte phospholipid composition to variation in the dietary ratios of 18:3n-3 (ALA) and 18:2n-6 (LA) for 12 weeks in 38 moderately hyperlipidemic men. Diets were enriched with either flaxseed oil (FXO; 17 g/day ALA, n = 2 1) or sunflower oil (SO; 17 g/day LA, n = 17). The FXO diet induced increases in phospholipid ALA ( > 3-fold), 20:5n-3 [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), > 2-fold], and 22:5n-3 [docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), 50%] but no change in 22:6n-3 [docosahexanoic acid (DHA)], LA, or 20:4n-6 [arachidonic acid (AA)]. The increases in EPA and DPA but not DHA were similar to those in subjects given the SO diet enriched with 3 g of EPA plus DHA from fish oil (n = 19). The SO diet induced a small increase in LA but no change in AA. Long-chain conversion of [U-13C]AILA and [U-13C]LA, calculated from peak plasma C-13 concentrations after simple modeling for tracer dilution in subsets from the FXO (n = 6) and SO (n = 5) diets, was similar but low for the two tracers (i.e., AA, 0.2%; EPA, 0.3%; and DPA, 0.02%) and varied directly with precursor concentrations and inversely with concentrations of fatty acids of the alternative series.jlr [C-13]DHA formation was very low ( < 0.01 %) with no dietary influences.-Hussein, N., E. Ah-Sing, P. Wilkinson, C. Leach, B. A. Griffin I, and D.J. Millward. Long-chain conversion of [C-13]linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid in response to marked changes in their dietary intake in men.
Oily fish reduces plasma triacylglycerols: a primary prevention study in overweight men and women; Objective: Previous studies have demonstrated benefits of high-dose long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC omega-3 PUFA) supplements on metabolic risk. Effects of increased dietary w-3 PUFA, via oily fish and/or plant-derived omega-3 PUFAs, are less clear and may be modulated by the omega-6:omega-3 PUFA of the habitual diet. This study examined the effect on cardiovascular. disease risk markers of reducing dietary omega-6:omega-3 PUFA by changes in linoleic acid: a-linolenic acid (LA:LNA) and/or increasing LC omega-3 PUFA. It tested whether decreases in LA:LNA modulate effects of LC omega-3 PUFA.
Influence of α-linolenic acid and fish-oil on markers of cardiovascular risk in subjects with an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype; We tested the hypothesis that dietary a-linolenic acid (ALA) can exert effects on markers of cardiovascular risk similar to that produced by its longer chain counterparts in fish-oil. A dietary intervention study was undertaken to examine the effects of an ALA-enriched diet in 57 men expressing an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP). Subjects were randomly assigned to one of three diets enriched either with flaxseed oil (FXO: high ALA, n = 21), sunflower oil (SO: high linoleic acid, n = 17), or SO with fish-oil (SOF n = 19) for 12 weeks, resulting in dietary intake ratios of n-6:n-3 PUFA of 0.5, 27.9 and 5.2, respectively. The relative abundance of ALA and EPA in erythrocyte membranes increased on the FXO diet (p < 0.001), whereas both EPA and DHA increased after fish-oil (p < 0.001). There were significant decreases in total plasma cholesterol within (FXO - 12.3%, p = 0.001; SOF -7.6%, p = 0.014; SO -7.3%, p = 0.033) and between diets (p = 0.019), and decreases within diets after 12 weeks for HDL cholesterol on flaxseed oil (FXO - 10%, p = 0.009), plasma TG (-23%, p < 0.001) and small, dense LDL (-22% p = 0.003) in fish-oil. Membrane DHA levels were inversely associated with the changes in plasma TG (p = 0.001) and small, dense LDL (p < 0.05) after fish-oil. In conclusion, fish-oil produced predictable changes in plasma lipids and small, dense LDL (sdLDL) that were not reproduced by the ALA-enriched diet. Membrane DHA levels appeared to be an important determinant of these fish-oil-induced effects. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid in Primary and Secondary Cardiovascular Disease Prevention; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) therapy shows promise in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of Alpha Linolenic Acid Supplementation on Serum Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA): Results from the Alpha Omega Trial; Background: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA) is the major omega-3 fatty acid in the diet. Evidence on health effects of ALA is not conclusive, but some observational studies found an increased risk of prostate cancer with higher intake of ALA. We examined the effect of ALA supplementation on serum concentrations of prostate-specific antigen (PSA), a biomarker for prostate cancer.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review: In the last 2 years in the cardiovascular field eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosachexaenoic acid (DHA) have been investigated in terms of their epidemiology and vascular biology, and in large-scale intervention trials, and incorporated into the guidelines of cardiac societies. EPA and DHA have advanced from scientific research into everyday practice, a development reviewed here.
Omega-3 and hemocompatibility-related adverse events; Background Hemocompatibility-related clinical adverse events (HRAEs) are major causes of readmission in patients with left ventricular assist devices (LVADs). Omega-3 is an unsaturated fatty acid that possesses anti-inflammatory and antiangiogenic properties. We aimed to investigate the impact of omega-3 therapy on HRAEs during LVAD support. Methods Consecutive LVAD patients who were followed for 6 months were enrolled, and stratified by the use of omega-3. Freedom from any HRAEs and net burden of HRAEs, which was calculated by using a hemocompatibility score (using 4 escalating tiers of hierarchal severity to derive a total score for events), were compared between those with and without omega-3 therapy. Results Among 169 LVAD patients (57 years old and 124 males), 31 patients received 4 g/d of omega-3 therapy and 138 patients were in the control group. During the 6-month observational period, freedom from any HRAEs was 90% in the omega-3 group compared with 70% in the control group with a hazard ratio of 0.35 (95% confidence interval 0.11-0.87 and P = .042). The average hemocompatibility score in the omega-3 group was significantly lower compared with the control group (0.23 vs 0.91; P = .042), due to reduced Tier I scores (mild HRAE; P = .003) and Tier IIIB scores (severe HRAE; P < .001). The similar trends remained at propensity-matched populations. Conclusions Omega-3 therapy was associated with reduced HRAEs including both bleeding and thromboembolic events in LVAD patients.
Antiarrhythmic and electrophysiological effects of long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Recent studies indicate that a diet enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may prevent sudden cardiac death. The goal of the present study was to elucidate how omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA; 1 - 20 mu M) may affect the cardiac activation and repolarization pattern. For this reason, DHA, EPA or ALA was infused in spontaneously beating isolated rabbit heart (Langendorff technique) and subjected to 256 electrodes epicardial mapping. All compounds exhibited a negative inotropic and chronotropic effect. EPA and ALA, but not DHA, prolonged QTc. The dispersion was enhanced at higher concentrations (> 5 mu M) by DHA and less ( or not affected) by the others. The total activation time, reflecting ventricular conduction, was prolonged predominantly by DHA and to a lower extent by the other drugs. Atrioventricular conduction time was slowed only by DHA and EPA. To analyze of the pattern of activation, we determined the timepoint of activation as t(dU/dt(min)) for all 256 electrodes. The beat-to-beat similarity of these patterns was moderately reduced by all drugs. Regarding antiarrhythmic activity we found that the threshold for elicitation of a ventricular extrasystole was concentration-dependently enhanced by DHA and EPA, but not by ALA. DHA dose-dependently reduced longitudinal propagation velocity V-L and to a lower extent transverse velocity V-T. Anisotropy was not significantly changed. EPA and ALA did not exhibit a systematic effect on V-L or V-T. These results clearly demonstrate that DHA, EPA, and ALA exhibit direct electrophysiological effects with different profiles.
Omega-3 Index and Sudden Cardiac Death; Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is an unresolved health issue, and responsible for 15% of all deaths in Western countries. Epidemiologic evidence, as well as evidence from clinical trials, indicates that increasing intake and high levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) protect from SCD and other major adverse cardiac events. Levels of EPA+DHA are best assessed by the Omega-3 Index, representing the red cell fatty acid content of EPA+DHA. Work is in progress that will further define the value of the Omega- 3 Index as a risk factor for SCD, other cardiac events, and as target for treatment with EPA+DHA.
Oxidative stress predicts depressive symptom changes with omega-3 fatty acid treatment in coronary artery disease patients; Background: Antidepressant efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) treatment in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients remains unpredictable. N-3 PUFA can mitigate oxidative stress, which is common in CAD and may contribute to depressive symptoms. This study investigated whether greater pre-treatment oxidative stress, measured by the ratios of late-stage lipid peroxidation markers (malondialdehyde [MDA], 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal [4-HNE], and 8-isoprostane [8-ISO]) to an early-stage marker (lipid hydroperoxides [LPH]), predicted n-3 PUFA antidepressant benefits in CAD.
Adipose tissue content of alpha-linolenic acid and the risk of ischemic stroke and ischemic stroke subtypes: A Danish case-cohort study; Background
Dietary α-linolenic acid increases the platelet count in ApoE<SUP>-/-</SUP> mice by reducing clearance; Previously we reported that dietary intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) reduces atherogenesis and inhibits arterial thrombosis. Here, we analyze the substantial increase in platelet count induced by ALA and the mechanisms of reduced platelet clearance. Eight-week-old male apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice were fed a 0.21g% cholesterol diet complemented by either a high-(7.3g%) or low-ALA (0.03g%) content. Platelet counts doubled after 16 weeks of ALA feeding, whereas the bleeding time remained similar. Plasma glycocalicin and glycocalicin index were reduced, while reticulated platelets, thrombopoietin, and bone marrow megakaryocyte colony-forming units remained unchanged. Platelet contents of liver and spleen were substantially reduced, without affecting macrophage function and number. Glycoprotein Ib (GPIb) shedding, exposure of P-selectin, and activated integrin alpha(IIb)beta(3) upon activation with thrombin were reduced. Dietary ALA increased the platelet count by reducing platelet clearance in the reticulo-endothelial system. The latter appears to be mediated by reduced cleavage of GPIb by tumor necrosis factor-alpha-converting enzyme and reduced platelet activation/expression of procoagulant signaling. Ex vivo, there was less adhesion of human platelets to von Willebrand factor under high shear conditions after ALA treatment. Thus, ALA may be a promising tool in transfusion medicine and in high turnover/high activation platelet disorders.
Omega 3 fatty acid supplementation after myocardial infarction: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BackgroundThe purpose of this review is to examine the effect of Omega-3 Fatty acids on mortality, morbidity, and adverse events in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI).MethodsData Sources: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library through May 2018. Study Selection: Randomized Controlled trials (RCT). Certainty of evidence was assessed with the GRADE system. Interventions: omega 3 fatty acids against placebo or no treatment. Primary and secondary outcomes: All-cause death, cardiovascular death, new AMI, stroke, need for therapeutic angioplasty or By-pass, new diagnosis of cancer and incidence of adverse events.ResultsFor the efficacy endpoints we included 10 RCT (24,414 patients). Omega 3 fatty acids probably make little or no difference to all-cause mortality (4 studies 9141 patients RR 1.06 - CI95% 0.90 to 1.27, moderate certainty), cardiovascular mortality (3 studies 4304 patients RR 0.93 - CI95% 0.63 to 1.37, moderate certainty), new AMI (RR 1.24 CI95% 0.71 to 2.14 - moderate certainty), any cardiovascular event (RR 0.95 95%CI 0.86 to 1.05; low certainty due to risk of bias and imprecision), and stroke (RR 1.2 95%CCI 0,66-2,19 - moderate certainty). Regarding adverse events, we are uncertain if Omega 3 fatty acids improve/reduce non severe adverse events (RR 1.39 95% CI 0.36 to 5.34; very low certainty). There is probably little or no difference in the outcome suspension due to adverse events (RR 1.19 CI 95% 0.97 to 1.47; moderate certainty).ConclusionsFor adult patients with AMI, omega 3 fatty-acids probably yield no benefit to patient important outcomes.
Long-term effects of increasing omega-3, omega-6 and total polyunsaturated fats on inflammatory bowel disease and markers of inflammation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and aim Effects of long-chain omega-3 (LCn3) and omega-6 fatty acids on prevention and treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD, including Crohn's Disease, CD and ulcerative colitis, UC), and inflammation are unclear. We systematically reviewed long-term effects of omega-3, omega-6 and total polyunsaturated fats (PUFA) on IBD diagnosis, relapse, severity, pharmacotherapy, quality of life and key inflammatory markers. Methods We searched Medline, Embase, Cochrane CENTRAL, and trials registries, including RCTs in adults with or without IBD comparing higher with lower omega-3, omega-6 and/or total PUFA intake for >= 24 weeks that assessed IBD-specific outcomes or inflammatory biomarkers. Results We included 83 RCTs (41,751 participants), of which 13 recruited participants with IBD. Increasing LCn3 may reduce risk of IBD relapse (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.72-1.01) and IBD worsening (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.71-1.03), and reduce erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR, SMD - 0.23, 95% CI - 0.44 to - 0.01), but may increase IBD diagnosis risk (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.63-1.92), and faecal calprotectin, a specific inflammatory marker for IBD (MD 16.1 mu g/g, 95% CI - 37.6 to 69.8, all low-quality evidence). Outcomes for alpha-linolenic acid, omega-6 and total PUFA were sparse, but suggested little or no effect where data were available. Conclusion This is the most comprehensive meta-analysis of RCTs investigating long-term effects of omega-3, omega-6 and total PUFA on IBD and inflammatory markers. Our findings suggest that supplementation with PUFAs has little or no effect on prevention or treatment of IBD and provides little support for modification of long-term inflammatory status.
Plant-based stearidonic acid as sustainable source of omega-3 fatty acid with functional outcomes on human health; Dietary omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA) like eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) are known to be potent biological regulators with therapeutic and preventive effects on human health. Many global health organizations have recommended consuming marine based omega-3 sources for neonatal brain development and reducing the risk of various chronic diseases. However, due to concerns regarding the origin, sustainable supply and safety of the marine sources, alternative n-3 PUFA sources are being explored. Recently, plant-based omega-3 sources are gaining much importance because of their sustainable supply and dietary acceptance. alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) rich seed oils are the major omega-3 fatty acid source available for human consumption. But, efficiency of conversion of ALA to n-3 LC-PUFAs in humans is limited due to a rate-limiting step in the n-3 pathway catalyzed by Delta 6-desaturase. Botanical stearidonic acid (SDA, 18:4n-3) rich oils are emerging as a sustainable omega-3 source with efficient conversion rate to n-3 LC-PUFA especially to EPA, as it bypasses the Delta 6-desaturase rate limiting step. Several recent studies have identified the major plant sources of SDA and explored its potential health benefits and preventive roles in inflammation, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and cancer. This systematic review summarizes the current state of knowledge on the sources, nutraceutical roles, food-based applications and the future perspectives of botanical SDA.
The impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on the incidence of cardiovascular events and complications in peripheral arterial disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Individuals with peripheral arterial disease are at higher risk for cardiovascular events than the general population. While supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been shown to improve vascular function, it remains unclear if supplementation decreases serious clinical outcomes. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to determine whether omega-3 PUFA supplementation reduces the incidence of cardiovascular events and complications in adults with peripheral arterial disease.
Omega-3 and cardiovascular disease: beyond the risk factors; Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death in Europe, representing 49% of all deaths and 30% of deaths before 65s. At present, the prevalence of cardiovascular disease goes away from diminishing, continues to rise, linked to the progressive increase of the population's age. Diet plays a role in promotion and prevention of cardiovascular disease. Thus, the specific type of fat will determine, in part, the final effect on the development or prevention of this disease. An example of the importance of the type of fat on cardiovascular health is the omega-3.
Omega-3 PUFAs' efficacy in the therapy of coronary artery disease combined with anxiety or depression: a meta-analysis; Objective: The evidence demonstrates that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) protect the cardiovascular system and alleviate anxious or depressive situations. We conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of omega-3 PUFAs in the treatment of anxiety or depressive states in patients with coronary artery disease. Methods: This meta-analysis analyzed data from randomized controlled trials to determine the efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs alone or in combination with conventional psychotropic medications in coronary artery disease patients suffering from anxiety or depression. Primary outcomes included changes in depression scores, the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) scores, and the omega-3 index. Results: Included were 6 trials involving 2,570 participants. Compared to controls,omega-3 PUFAs did not improve depression or anxiety {depression: [SMD=0.09 (95% CI: -0.07, 0.26)], anxiety [BAI: SMD=0.07 (95% CI: -0.17, 0.32)]}; For the results of the subgroup analyses, analyzed by different types of depression scales, four studies used the HAMD scale [SMD=0.19 (95% CI: -0.20, 0.58)]; 5 studies used the BDI-II scale [SMD=0.01 (95% CI: -0.07, 0.09)], all of which indicated no decrease in depression scale scores; analyzed by different types of intervention, 3 studies used the omega-3 PUFAs group [SMD=0.24 (95% CI: -0.26, 0.74)]; 2 studies used sertraline + omega-3 PUFAs [SMD=-0.08 (95% CI: -0.46, 0.31)], and the omega-3 index was elevated [SMD=1.33 (95% CI: 0.18, 2.49)], suggesting that the body's omega-3 content was indeed replenished but did not change the patient's depressive state; analyzed by different courses of therapy, a 10-week course of therapy [SMD=0.02 (95% CI: -0.23, 0.26)] and a 12-week course of therapy [SMD=0.40 (95% CI: -0.40, 1.20)] both resulted in a lack of improvement in depressive symptoms. Conclusion: According to the available evidence, omega-3 PUFAs do not alleviate anxiety or depression in coronary artery disease patients.
Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake across the life span for cardiovascular disease prevention in women; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major health concern for women. Historically there has been a misconception that men are at greater risk because CVD tends to occur earlier in life compared to women. Clinical guidelines for prevention of heart disease are currently the same for both sexes, but accumulating evidence demonstrates that risk profiles diverge. In fact, several CVD risk factors confer an even greater risk in women relative to men, including high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes and raised triglycerides. Furthermore, many female-specific CVD risk factors exist, including early menarche, pregnancy complications, polycystic ovary syndrome, reproductive hormonal treatments and menopause. Little is known about how diet interacts with CVD risk factors at various stages of a woman's life. Long chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intakes are a key dietary factor that may impact risk of CVD throughout the life course differentially in men and women. Oestrogen enhances conversion of the plant n-3 PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid, to LCn-3 PUFA. Increasing the frequency of oily fish consumption or LCn-3 PUFA supplementation may be important for reducing coronary risk during the menopausal transition, during which time oestrogen levels decline and the increase in CVD risk factors is accelerated. Women are under-represented in the evidence base for CVD prevention following LC n-3 PUFA supplementation. Therefore it is not clear whether there are sex differences in response to treatment. Furthermore, there is a lack of evidence on optimal intakes of LC n-3 PUFA across the lifespan for CVD prevention in women.
Impact of Dietary Fats on Cardiovascular Disease with a Specific Focus on Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Dietary habits have major implications as causes of death globally, particularly in terms of cardiovascular disease, cancer and diabetes, but to precisely define the role of the single components of diet in terms of cardiovascular risk is not an easy task, since current epidemiological cohorts do not include sufficient information regarding all the confounding factors typical of nutritional associations. As an example, complex and multifactorial are the possible nutritional or detrimental effects of dietary fats, due to the huge variety of lipid metabolites originating from either the enzymatic or non-enzymatic oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids, cholesterol and phospholipids. The area of research that has allowed the benefit/risk profile of a dietary supplement to be tested with controlled studies is that of omega-3 fatty acids. Omega-3 fatty acids have showed a potential therapeutic role only in secondary cardiovascular prevention, while controlled studies in primary prevention have consistently produced neutral results. Despite some favorable evidence in patients with chronic heart failure; a treatment with n-3 PUFA in this clinical context is presently overlooked. The potential risk of atrial fibrillation, especially when n-3 PUFA are used in high doses, is still under scrutiny.
ω-3 fatty acids in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (Review); Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is one of the most common chronic diseases in the world. Epidemiological evidence and clinical trials have shown that omega-3 fatty acids have a variety of promoting effects in reducing the risk of ASCVD, but different conclusions of large randomized controlled trials make their clinical use in the prevention and treatment of ASCVD controversial. The present review focuses on the pharmacological mechanism, clinical trials and evidence value of clinical applications of omega-3 fatty acids in order to provide theoretical and practical evidence for the clinical application strategy, and follow-up research and development of omega-3 fatty acids as anti-ASCVD drugs.
The effect of dietary flaxseed on improving symptoms of cardiovascular disease in patients with peripheral artery disease Rationale and design of the FLAX-PAD randomized controlled trial; Background: Flaxseed is an important source of alpha-linolenic acid an essential omega-3 fatty acid. The possibility that a supplementation of the diet with foods rich in alpha-linolenic acid, antioxidants and fiber (like flaxseed) has not been investigated.
Mechanisms underlying the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Typical omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid in the form of fish oils and a linolenic acid from flaxseed oil. Epidemiological studies suggested the benefits of n-3 PUFA on cardiovascular health Intervention studies confirmed that the consumption of n-3 PUFA provided benefits for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Evidence from cellular and molecular research studies indicates that the cardioprotective effects of n-3 PUFA result from a synergism between multiple, intricate mechanisms that involve antiinflammation, proresolving lipid mediators, modulation of cardiac ion channels, reduction of triglycerides, influence on membrane microdomains and downstream cell signaling pathways and antithrombotic and antiarrhythmic effects n-3 PUFAs inhibit inflammatory signaling pathways (nuclear factor-kappa B activity) and down-regulate fatty acid (FA) synthesis gene expression (sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c) and up-regulate gene expression involved in FA oxidation (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha) This review examines the various mechanisms by which n-3 PUFA exert beneficial effects against CVD. Published by Elsevier Inc
Role of ω-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease; There is a large and increasing global burden of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The Indian subcontinent may be one of the regions with the highest burden of CVD in the world. With affluence and urbanization, fat intake, especially saturated fat, is increasing. Vitamins have beneficial effects which are useful to the heart, but do not provide the all-round cardioprotection that is required. Hence, there is a perceived need of nutritional supplement that is rich in these essential nutrients. Studies have shown multifactorial cardio-protective actions of omega-3 fatty acids. A cardioceutical contains all the essential nutrients, vitamins, and minerals including omega-3 fatty acids in the right proportion that will provide all-round protection to the heart.
Stearidonic acid combined with alpha-linolenic acid improves lipemic and neurological markers in a rat model subject to a hypercaloric diet; In this study, we hypothesized that terrestrial plant oils, rich in alpha linolenic acid (ALA) and stearidonic acid (SDA) relative to fish oil, rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), prevent negative effects on cardiovascular and neurological function using a rat model fed a hypercaloric diet. Results showed effects on the FA profile, namely, eicosapentaenoic, EPA, and docosahexaenoic, DHA, levels. There were also effects on neural aspects (cAMP response element-binding protein, CREB, gene expression, at least, doubled) and the pro-inflammatory/anti-inflammatory balance (TNF-alpha, tumor necrosis factor alpha reduced by 30-50%). The most positive impact of ALA and SDA was the beneficial reduction of total lipids (from 395 +/- 3 to 352-361 mg/dL), VLDL-cholesterol (from 21.8 +/- 0.2 to 14.1-17.8 mg/dL), and triacylglycerols (from 109 +/- 1 to 71-89 mg/dL) in both LIN (diet enriched in linseed oil) and BUG (diet enriched in Buglossoides oil) groups. Overall, data indicate that ALA- and SDA-rich lipid sources may counteract the undesirable cardiovascular effects of a hypercaloric diet based on milk fat.
Effect of Omega-3 Acid Ethyl Esters on Left Ventricular Remodeling After Acute Myocardial Infarction The OMEGA-REMODEL Randomized Clinical Trial; BACKGROUND: Omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil have been associated with beneficial cardiovascular effects, but their role in modifying cardiac structures and tissue characteristics in patients who have had an acute myocardial infarction while receiving current guideline-based therapy remains unknown.
Conversion of linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid to long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), with a focus on pregnancy, lactation and the first 2 years of life; Over the past two decades, there has been a marked shift in the fatty acid composition of the diets of industrialized nations towards increased intake of the n-6 fatty acid linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6), largely as a result of the replacement of saturated fats with plant-based polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). While health agencies internationally continue to advocate for high n-6 PUFA intake combined with increased intakes of preformed n-3 long-chain PUFAs (LCPUFA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) to reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), there are questions as to whether this is the best approach. LA competes with alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) for endogenous conversion to the LC derivatives EPA and DHA, and LA also inhibits incorporation of DHA and EPA into tissues. Thus, high-LA levels in the diet generally result in low n-3 LCPUFA status. Pregnancy and infancy are developmental periods during which the fatty acid supply is particularly critical. The importance of an adequate supply of n-3 LCPUFA for ensuring optimal development of infant brain and visual systems is well established, and there is now evidence that the supply of n-3 LCPUFA also influences a range of growth, metabolic and immune outcomes in childhood. This review will re-evaluate the health benefits of modern Western diets and pose the question of whether the introduction of similar diets to nations with emerging economies is the most prudent public health strategy for improving health in these populations.
Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Mental Health-Studies from Japan; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is a generic term that encompasses eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which are abundant in fish, and alpha-linolenic acid, which is abundant in perilla oil. These fatty acids became well known following an epidemiological study conducted in Greenland about 50 years ago. EPA formulations, with their putative prophylactic effect against cardiovascular disease, first became clinically available in the 1990s in Japan. There were reports of their association with mental health, especially depression, and from around the year 2000 several epidemiological studies and clinical trials were conducted. This article introduces the epidemiological studies and clinical trials conducted in Japan and the knowledge gained.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cytochrome P450-derived eicosanoids in cardiovascular diseases: Which actions and interactions modulate hemodynamics?; Increasing interest is focused on omega-3 fatty acids (FA) because of their potential beneficial effects, particularly in cardiovascular disease prevention. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two major omega-3 FA, are mainly consumed through diet, particularly from fish and seafood intake, whereas alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is present in high amounts in leafy green vegetables, nuts and seeds. The hypothesis of a cardiovascular protective action of omega-3 FA derives mainly from observational studies, whereas the evidence from interventional studies is not always consistent. Nonetheless, clinical trials and meta-analyses indicate a positive action, at minimum on blood pressure (BP). Omega 3 FA may act through different biological pathways; however, in our review, we seek to revisit, most notably, the role of their metabolites via cytochrome P450 (CYP450) in hemodynamic modulation. We emphasize that the effect of omega-3 FA may depend on their balance with other dietary compounds, particularly omega-6 FA, which compete for the same pathways, thus modulating the production of metabolites. Furthermore, the biological activity of omega-3 FA might be better explained by the complex balance and interactions between a variety of nutrients and polymorphisms of genes implicated in specific metabolic pathways. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 consumption and sudden cardiac death in schizophrenia; People with schizophrenia show a two- to three-fold increased risk to die prematurely. Mortality is accounted for by a combination of factors (patients' life style, suicide, premature cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndromes and, not so often mentioned, sudden death). The cause of sudden death in schizophrenia is unknown, but cardiac arrhythmia plays a potential role. Patients with schizophrenia are at high risk for cardiovascular disease, and some antipsychotics may be associated with cardiovascular adverse events (e.g., electrocardiograph QT interval prolongation), suggesting that this could lead to sudden cardiac death. Animal and clinical studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids could be useful in the prevention and treatment of schizophrenia. As omega-3 fatty acids have been considered a cardioprotector agent, reducing cardiac arrhythmias and hence sudden cardiac deaths and given their relative safety and general health benefits, our update article summarizes the knowledge by g the possible positive effects of omega-3 supplementation and fish consumption against sudden cardiac death in patients with schizophrenia. However, fish species should be selected with caution due to contamination with toxic methylmercury. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of an increased intake of α-linolenic acid and group nutritional education on cardiovascular risk factors:: the Mediterranean Alpha-linolenic Enriched Groningen Dietary Intervention (MARGARIN) study; Background: The effect of long-term increased intakes of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3n-3) on cardiovascular risk factors is unknown.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and dysregulations in biological stress systems; Background: Studies have shown that omega-3 (n-3) Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), might have beneficial effects on somatic and mental health, potentially partly due to their mitigating effects on three major biological stress systems: the immune-inflammatory system, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal-axis (HPA-axis) and the autonomic nervous system (ANS).
Effect of α-linolenic acid-rich <i>Camelina sativa</i> oil on serum fatty acid composition and serum lipids in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Camelina sativa-derived oil (camelina oil) is a good source of alpha-linolenic acid. The proportion of alpha-linolenic acid in serum fatty acids is associated with the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We studied the effects of camelina oil on serum lipids and on the fatty acid composition of total lipids in comparison to rapeseed and olive oils in a parallel, double-blind setting. Sixty-eight hypercholesterolemic subjects aged 28 to 65 years were randomly assigned after a 2-week pretrial period to 1 of 3 oil groups: camelina oil, olive oil, and rapeseed oil. Subjects consumed daily 30 g (actual intake, similar to33 mL) of test oils for 6 weeks. In the camelina group, the proportion of alpha-linolenic acid in fatty acids of serum lipids was significantly higher (P <.001) compared to the 2 other oil groups at the end of the study: 2.5 times higher compared to the rapeseed oil group and 4 times higher compared to the olive oil group. Respectively the proportions of 2 metabolites of alpha-linolenic acid (eicosapentaenoic and docosapentaenoic acids) increased and differed significantly in the camelina group from those in other groups. During the intervention, the serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration decreased significantly by 12.2% in the camelina oil group, 5.4% in the rapeseed oil group, and 7.7% in the olive oil group. In conclusion, camelina oil significantly elevated the proportions of alpha-linolenic acid and its metabolites in serum of mildly or moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Camelina oil's serum cholesterol-lowering effect was comparable to that of rapeseed and olive oils. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids intake, omega-6/omega-3 ratio and mortality: Findings from two independent nationwide cohorts; Background & aims: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been reported to exert pleiotropic protective effects against various chronic diseases. However, epidemiologic evidence linking specific PUFA intake to mortality has been limited and contradictory. We aim to assess the associations between specific dietary PUFA and mortality among adults in China and America, respectively.
Cardiovascular disease and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids; Purpose of review
Omega-3-enriched broiler meat: 2. Functional properties, oxidative stability, and consumer acceptance; Consumers are becoming more aware of the impact on their health of the food they eat. One of the ways they hope to reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease is by consuming more foods enriched with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), particularly n-3 fatty acids. Flaxseed is a good source for increasing the n-3 PUFA in poultry meat because of the high content of alpha-linolenic acid. A study was conducted to identify an optimal process to enrich of broiler diets with n-3 PUFA by using 2 levels of flaxseed fed for various times before processing. The acceptability of broiler meat functional properties was tested to ensure that further processing efficiencies would not be compromised by the enrichment strategy. This experiment was conducted as a 2 x 8 factorial, with 2 dietary levels of ground flaxseed ( 10 and 17%) fed for 8 lengths of time before processing [0 (control), 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, and 35 d]. Of 650 Ross x Ross 308 mixed-sex broilers reared in this study, 128 were used to evaluate breast and thigh meat functional properties, oxidative stability, and sensory analysis. No statistical interactions were found between treatments for chicken breast meat quality traits. The duration of feeding flaxseed strongly affected meat quality parameters. In particular, feeding flaxseed for 16 d resulted in a final pH of 5.65, compared with 5.93 in the control. The lower ultimate pH found in animals fed flaxseed affected meat cooking loss, drip loss, and shear value (P < 0.0001). Shear value significantly increased after 16 d of feeding flaxseed (P < 0.0001). Susceptibility to oxidation increased in both breast and thigh broiler meat with the duration of feeding flaxseed. Enriching the diet for less than 16 d did not result in perceivable sensory defects. Duration of flaxseed feeding significantly affected the color characteristics, functional properties, and oxidative stability of broiler meat.
SIMILARITIES, DIFFERENCES AND AGONISMS OF PLEIOTROPIC EFFECTS OF STATINS AND OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS; This paper compares the pleiotropic effects of statins and omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in treating and preventing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and deals with the possible interactions of those compounds. Statins represent one of the most important discoveries to have been made in the field of cardiovascular medicine in recent decades. Their beneficial cardiovascular effects, which have reduced the number of fatal events in patients with atherosclerosis, encompass more than their ability to lower cholesterol levels. The pleiotropic effects of statins involve their anti-inflammatory and antiplatelet properties and their ability to normalize endothelial function. In addition, these drugs may display antiarrhythmic activity, improve insulin sensitivity and counteract hypertension and obesity. The low rate of coronary disease documented in Eskimos corroborates the cardioprotective effects of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids beyond their hypolipemic effects. The reduction of CVD-related deaths attributable to the action of alpha-linolenic fatty acid appears to be related to its strong antiarrhythmic properties. In addition, as a precursor of EPA and this last fatty acid of thromboxane A(3), prostacyclin I-3, serie-3 prostaglandines and serie 5-leukotrines and inhibitor/modulator of thromboxane A(2), prostacyclin I-2, serie-2 prostaglandines and serie 4-leukotrienes formation, the alpha-linolenic acid may reduce inflammation and thrombogenesis. As results of some studies suggest that the combined use of statins and n-3 PUFA improves cardiovascular protection and reduces the CVD-related mortality rate; the paper also reviews the possible synergism between both groups of compounds on CVD treatment and concludes that clear benefits may be obtained.
Effects of Dietary α-Linolenic Acid, Eicosapentaenoic Acid or Docosahexaenoic Acid on Parameters of Glucose Metabolism in Healthy Volunteers; Aim: To investigate the effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, fructosamine, on glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and on insulin sensitivity. Methods: A randomized strictly controlled dietary study in 48 healthy volunteers (13 males, 35 females) of normal body weight (mean age 25.9 years) with three dietary groups (ALA, EPA and DHA) and a parallel design, consisting of two consecutive periods. Subjects received a 2-week wash-in diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids followed by experimental diets enriched with equal amounts of ALA, EPA, or DHA for 3 weeks. Mean dietary intake of ALA in the ALA group was 6.0 g/day (2.5% of energy intake), mean intake of EPA in the EPA group was 2.8 g/day (1.1% of energy intake) and mean intake of DHA in the DHA group was 2.9 g/day (1.1% of energy intake). Results: Fasting serum concentrations of insulin and fructosamine and of HbA1c did not change significantly after consuming the ALA, EPA or DHA diet. Fasting serum glucose levels did not change significantly following either the ALA or DHA diet. During the EPA diet, fasting glucose concentration slightly increased by 0.15 mmol/l ( p < 0.05). All measured values of all subjects were in the reference ranges for healthy adults. No effects on insulin sensitivity indicated by the HOMA insulin resistance index could be observed. Conclusions: Except for the minor effect of EPA on fasting glucose levels, the moderate amounts of dietary ALA, EPA or DHA administered in this study did not significantly affect blood concentrations of glucose, insulin, fructosamine and HbA1c in healthy normal-weight men and women over a time course of 3 weeks. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel
Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis; Prospective studies of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in relation to stroke have yielded inconsistent results. The authors conducted a meta-analysis of prospective studies to summarize available evidence regarding the relation between long-chain omega-3 PUFA intake and stroke. Pertinent studies were identified by searching PubMed and Embase databases to November 1, 2012 and by reviewing the reference lists of relevant publications. Prospective studies that provided relative risks (RRs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) for the association between dietary long-chain omega-3 PUFA intake and stroke were eligible. A random-effects model was used to combine study-specific results. Eight prospective studies, with 5238 stroke events among 242,076 participants, were included in the meta-analysis. The combined RR of total stroke was 0.90 (95 % CI, 0.81-1.01) for the highest versus lowest category of long-chain omega-3 PUFA intake, without heterogeneity among studies (P = 0.32). Results were similar for ischemic (RR, 0.82; 95 % CI, 0.71-0.94) and hemorrhagic stroke (RR, 0.80; 95 % CI, 0.55-1.15). A statistically significant reduction in total stroke risk was observed in women (RR, 0.80; 95 % CI, 0.65-0.99). This meta-analysis showed no overall association between omega-3 PUFA intake and stroke, but suggests that women might benefit from a higher intake of these PUFAs.
Clinical Benefits of <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and (sic)-Linolenic Acid in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis; (1) Background: Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and (sic)-linolenic acid (GLA) are well-known anti-inflammatory agents that may help in the treatment of inflammatory disorders. Their effects were examined in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; (2) Methods: Sixty patients with active rheumatoid arthritis were involved in a prospective, randomized trial of a 12 week supplementation with fish oil (group I), fish oil with primrose evening oil (group II), or with no supplementation (group III). Clinical and laboratory evaluations were done at the beginning and at the end of the study; (3) Results: The Disease Activity Score 28 (DAS 28 score), number of tender joints and visual analogue scale (VAS) score decreased notably after supplementation in groups I and II (p < 0.001). In plasma phospholipids the n-6/n-3 fatty acids ratio declined from 15.47 +/- 5.51 to 10.62 +/- 5.07 (p = 0.005), and from 18.15 +/- 5.04 to 13.50 +/- 4.81 (p = 0.005) in groups I and II respectively. The combination of n-3 PUFA and GLA (group II) increased.-linolenic acid (0.00 +/- 0.00 to 0.13 +/- 0.11, p < 0.001), which was undetectable in all groups before the treatments; (4) Conclusion: Daily supplementation with n-3 fatty acids alone or in combination with GLA exerted significant clinical benefits and certain changes in disease activity.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Health Benefits; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) include a-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3 omega-3), stearidonic acid (SDA; 18:4 omega-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5 omega-3), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA; 22:5 omega-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 omega-3). In the past few decades, many epidemiological studies have been conducted on the myriad health benefits of omega-3 PUFAs. In this review, we summarized the structural features, properties, dietary sources, metabolism, and bioavailability of omega-3 PUFAs and their effects on cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, Alzheimer's disease, dementia, depression, visual and neurological development, and maternal and child health. Even though many health benefits of omega-3 PUFAs have been reported in the literature, there are also some controversies about their efficacy and certain benefits to human health.
Low Levels of the Omega-3 Index are Associated with Sudden Cardiac Arrest and Remain Stable in Survivors in the Subacute Phase; In previous studies, low blood levels of n-3 fatty acids (FA) have been associated with increased risk of cardiac death, and the omega-3 index (red blood cell (RBC) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) expressed as weight percentage of total FA) has recently been proposed as a new risk factor for death from coronary artery disease, especially following sudden cardiac arrest (SCA). As blood samples often haven been harvested after the event, the aim of our study was to evaluate the stability of RBC fatty acids following SCA. The total FA profile, including the omega-3 index, was measured three times during the first 48 h in 25 survivors of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA), in 15 patients with a myocardial infarction (MI) without SCA and in 5 healthy subjects. We could not demonstrate significant changes in the FA measurements in any of the groups, this also applied to the omega-6/omega-3 ratio and the arachidonic acid (AA)/EPA ratio. Furthermore, we compared the omega-3 index in 14 OHCA-patients suffering their first MI with that of 185 first-time MI-patients without SCA; mean values being 4.59% and 6.48%, respectively (p = 0.002). In a multivariate logistic regression analysis, a 1% increase of the omega-3 index was associated with a 58% (95% CI: 0.25-0.76%) reduction in risk of ventricular fibrillation (VF). In conclusion, the omega-3 index remained stable after an event of SCA and predicted the risk of VF.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid content of foods: differentiating between long and short chain omega-3 fatty acids; Recognising that the health benefits of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are attributable to the long chain (LC) PUFA eicosapentanoic acid (20:5n-3) docosapentanoic acid (22:5n-3) and docosahexanoic acid (22:6n-3), we have sought to define tbe health potential of foods containing the short chain precursor n-3 PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3), By assuming that a limited proportion of their 18:3n-3 content (say 15%) will be converted to 20:5n-3, 22:5n-3 or 22:6n-3, we derived an LC n-3 PUFA equivalent value for such foods. Using data from Australian Food Composition Tables, recent publications and personal communications from food companies and relevant researchers, the total fat content, total n-6 fatty acids, 18:3n-3, 20:5n-3 22:5n-3 22:6n-3, total n-3 fatty acids, and estimated LC n-3 PUFA equivalent value are presented for: nuts and seeds; butters, margarines, dairy blends and spreads; fats and oils; salad dressings; milk and dairy products; cheeses; eggs; meats; fresh dish and canned fish. Fish is the richest source of LC n-3 PUFA but other foods have the potential to make important contributions to the requirement for LC n-3 PUFA, While the hypothesised conversion rate from 18:3n-3 to LC n-3 PUFA is only a crude estimate and probably an overestimate, we believe it is more meaningful to make this adjustment when formulating dietary recommendations than not to differentiate between foods rich in either 18:3n-3 or 20:5n-3/22:6n-3 and erroneously assume that they offer the same health benefits. In this sense, the LC n-3 PUFA equivalent is a better indicator of the potential health benefit of the n-3 fatty acid contents of foods.
Are n-3 fatty acids still cardioprotective?; Purpose of review
Omega 3 Where Do We Stand?; Omega-3 fatty acids are essential polyunsaturated fatty acids that are crucial components of plasma membrane phospholipids. They influence cell structure and function and have anti-thrombotic and antiarrhythmic properties, thus potentially exerting a favourable action on primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. However, the supposed beneficial effect of omega-3 fatty acids in the management of cardiovascular risk has been evaluated only in a relatively small number of interventional studies, with results that are not consistent and are only suggestive of a putative beneficial effect of omega-3 supplementation on the prevention of cardiovascular mortality. Benefits have been reported mainly for the prevention of sudden death in patients with recent myocardial infarction and for primary and secondary prevention of nonfatal cardiac events in populations with high fish intake. Therefore, only ongoing trials will provide definitive data to elucidate whether omega-3 fatty acids could represent a new therapeutic approach for cardiovascular disease.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS VS. CARDIAC DISEASE - THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE OMEGA-3 INDEX; Although statistically and clinically significant, reductions of clinical events seen in large scale intervention studies with omega-3 fatty acids in the cardiovascular field were smaller than would have been predicted from the results of epidemiologic studies. In epidemiologic studies, assessment of intake of fish or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) predicted clinical events less well than assessing blood levels of EPA and DHA, e. g. by the Omega-3 Index. The Omega-3 Index is the percentage of EPA+DHA in red cell lipids, determined with a highly standardized methodology. Using the perspective of the Omega-3 Index facilitates reconciling discrepancies in results from intervention studies and from epidemiologic studies. Moreover, a low Omega-3 Index can be considered a risk factor for sudden cardiac death and for non-fatal cardiovascular events, whereas a high Omega-3 Index can be used as a therapeutic target. Currently ongoing and future scientific work on the basis of the Omega-3 Index will further define its value.
Omega-3 index in 2018/19; The omega-3 index, the percentage of EPA plus DHA in erythrocytes (measured by standardised analysis), represents a human body's status in EPA and DHA. An omega-3 index is measured in many laboratories around the world; however, even small differences in analytical methods entail large differences in results. Nevertheless, results are frequently related to the target range of 8-11 %, defined for the original and scientifically validated method (HS-Omega-3 Index(R)), raising ethical issues, and calling for standardisation. No human subject has an omega-3 index <2 %, indicating a vital minimum. Thus, the absence of EPA and DHA cannot be tested against presence. Moreover, clinical events correlate with levels, less with the dose of EPA and DHA, and the bioavailability of EPA and DHA varies inter-individually. Therefore, the effects of EPA and DHA are difficult to demonstrate using typical drug trial methods. Recent epidemiologic data further support the relevance of the omega-3 index in the cardiovascular field, since total mortality, cardiovascular mortality, cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction or stroke, or blood pressure all correlate inversely with the omega-3 index. The omega-3 index directly correlates with complex brain functions. Compiling recent data supports the target range for the omega-3 index of 8-11 % in pregnancy. Many other potential applications have emerged. Some, but not all health issues mentioned have already been demonstrated to be improved by increasing intake of EPA and DHA. Increasing the omega-3 index into the target range of 8-11 % with individualised doses of toxin-free sources for EPA and DHA is tolerable and safe.
Stearidonic acid-enriched soybean oil increased the omega-3 index, an emerging cardiovascular risk marker; A plant source of omega-3 fatty acid (FA) that can raise tissue eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is needed. A soybean oil (SBO) containing approximately 20% stearidonic acid [SDA; the delta-6 desaturase product of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)] derived from genetically modified soybeans is under development. This study compared the effects of EPA to SDA-SBO on erythrocyte EPA + DHA levels (the omega-3 index). Overweight healthy volunteers (n = 45) were randomized to SDA-SBO (24 ml/day providing similar to 3.7 g SDA) or to regular SBO (control group) without or with EPA ethyl esters (similar to 1 g/day) for 16 weeks. Serum lipids, blood pressure, heart rate, platelet function and safety laboratory tests were measured along with the omega-3 index. A per-protocol analysis was conducted on 33 subjects (11 per group). Compared to baseline, average omega-3 index levels increased 19.5% in the SDA group and 25.4% in the EPA group (p < 0.05 for both, vs. control). DHA did not change in any group. Relative to EPA, SDA increased RBC EPA with about 17% efficiency. No other clinical endpoints were affected by SDA or EPA treatment (vs. control). In conclusion, SDA-enriched SBO significantly raised the omega-3 index. Since EPA supplementation has been shown to raise the omega-3 index and to lower risk for cardiac events, SDA-SBO may be a viable plant-based alternative for providing meaningful intakes of cardioprotective omega-3 FAs.
Chronic Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Treatment Variably Affects Cellular Repolarization in a Healed Post-MI Arrhythmia Model; Introduction: Over the last 40 years omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been shown to be anti-arrhythmic or pro-arrhythmic depending on the method and duration of administration and model studied. We previously reported that omega-3 PUFAs do not confer anti-arrhythmic properties and are pro-arrhythmic in canine model of sudden cardiac death (SCD). Here, we evaluated the effects of chronic omega-3 PUFA treatment in post-MI animals susceptible (VF+) or resistant (VF-) to ventricular tachyarrhythmias.
Altered omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid status in depressed post-myocardial infarction patients; Objective: Lower levels of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs) and increased inflammation have been associated with both depressive disorder and myocardial infarction (MI). The present study investigated whether patients who develop depression post-MI, have higher arachidonic acid/eicosapentanoic acid (AA/EPA) ratios than non-depressed post-MI patients and whether depressed post-MI patients have signs of increased inflammation as measured by C-reactive protein (CRP).
ω-3 carboxylic acids for hypertriglyceridemia; Introduction: omega-3 carboxylic acids (omega 3 CA), also called w3 free fatty acids (omega 3 FFA), with the trade name Epanova (TM) is a new formulation of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) approved for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia. The FFA form of EPA and DHA is associated with higher bioavailability than other forms of omega 3 fatty acids, potentially resulting in efficacy at lower doses and less dependence on meal relationship.
Protective Effect of Boric Acid and Omega-3 on Myocardial Infarction in an Experimental Rat Model; Boric acid and omega-3 are used as essential elements for both animal and human health. Many researchers have shown these beneficial effects on cardiac and inflammatory markers. This study aims to evaluate cardiac protective effect of boric acid and omega-3 against MI (myocardial infarction), probably due to the suppression of pro-inflammatory cytokines of natriuretic peptides in rats. Fifty male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups: control, MI, MI+boric acid, MI+omega-3, and MI+boric acid+omega-3. Saline solution (2 ml/day), omega-3 (800 mg/kg/day), and boric acid (100 mg/kg/day)+omega-3 (800 mg/kg/day) were orally administered to the relevant groups throughout the 28 days. To constitute the MI model, the rats were exposed to isoproterenol-HCl (ISO) (200 mg/kg, S.C.) on the 27th and 28th. In the MI group, serum levels of CK-MB, BNP, and TNF-alpha are increased significantly. Also, ST waves and heart rates were higher in the MI than the control. These results demonstrate that biochemical results healed in MI+boric acid, MI+omega-3, and MI+boric acid+omega-3 groups compared MI group. ECG and light microscope results supported the findings as well. The statistical analysis showed that boric acid and/or omega-3 has protective effects on cellular damage in MI.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Increase Plasma Adiponectin to Leptin Ratio in Stable Coronary Artery Disease; Growing evidence suggests a cardioprotective role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). However, the exact mechanisms underlying the effects of omega-3 PUFA in humans have not yet been fully clarified.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Primary and Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is increasing dramatically especially in developing countries like India. CVD is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality. There has been a growing awareness of the role of nutrients in the prevention of CVD. One specific recommendation in the battle against CVD is the increased intake of omega-3 fatty acids, which are polyunsaturated fatty acids. Studies have reported inverse associations of CVD with dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids, suggesting that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation might exert protective effects on CVD. They exert their cardioprotective effect through multiple mechanisms. Omega-3 fatty acid therapy has shown promise as a useful tool in the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. This review briefly summarizes the effects of omega-3 fatty acids in primary and secondary prevention of CVD.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Coronary Artery Disease: More Questions Than Answers; Studies show that patients with elevated triglycerides and well-controlled LDL levels under statin therapy still have a significant residual risk of cardiovascular (CV) events. Despite many attempts to reduce triglycerides with different hypolipidemic drugs, no therapeutic option has given satisfactory results so far. The initial enthusiasm that omega-3 fatty acids can effectively reduce triglycerides and CV risk was replaced with skepticism when the first large clinical trials failed to show any benefit in primary or secondary prevention. However, the latest studies succeeded in showing a positive effect of omega-3 fatty acids on CV outcome in patients with hypertriglyceridemia. The largest benefit was reported in secondary but not primary prevention. Interestingly, the reduction in triglycerides in some of these studies was disproportionately low to the relatively high CV risk reduction, which could indicate some other effects of omega-3 fatty acids that go well beyond hypotriglyceridemic action. This includes blood pressure reduction, antithrombotic effect, improvement of inflammatory status, endothelial function, and insulin resistance. Investigations also reported a significant and positive influence of omega-3 fatty acids on the composition and stabilization of coronary atherosclerotic plaques in patients with and without previous CV events. In addition to insufficiently known mechanisms of action and conflicting results about the effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids, the safety problems, which include increased prevalence of atrial fibrillation and hemorrhage, were also reported. The aim of this clinical review was to summarize the current knowledge regarding the use of omega-3 fatty acids in CV patients, particularly those with coronary artery disease, and to present an overview of key clinical trial data.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Attenuates Uremia-Induced Brain Damage in Mice; Although the cause of neurological disease in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) has not been completely identified yet, recent papers have identified accumulated uremic toxin as its main cause. Additionally, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) plays an important role in maintaining normal nerve function, but its protective effects against uremic toxin is unclear. The objective of this study was to identify brain damage caused by uremic toxicity and determine the protective effects of omega-3 PUFA against uremic toxin. We divided mice into the following groups: wild-type (wt) sham (n = 8), omega-3 PUFA sham (n = 8), Fat-1 sham (n = 8), ischemia-reperfusion (IR) (n = 20), and omega-3 PUFA+IR (n = 20) Fat-1+IR (n = 20). Brain tissue, kidney tissue, and blood were collected three days after the operation of mice (sham and IR operation). This study showed that Ki67 and neuronal nuclei (NeuN) decreased in the brain of uremic mice as compared to wt mice brain, but increased in the omega-3 PUFA-treated uremic mice and the brain of uremic Fat-1 mice as compared to the brain of uremic mice. The pro-apoptotic protein expressions were increased, whereas anti-apoptotic protein expression decreased in the brain of uremic mice as compared to wt mice brain. However, apoptotic protein expression decreased in the omega-3 PUFA-treated uremic mice and the brain of uremic Fat-1 mice as compared to the brain of uremic mice. Furthermore, the brain of omega-3 PUFA-treated uremic mice and uremic Fat-1 mice showed increased expression of p-PI3K, p-PDK1, and p-Akt as compared to the brain of uremic mice. We confirm that uremic toxin damages the brain and causes cell death. In these injuries, omega-3 PUFA plays an important role in neuroprotection through PI(3)K-Akt signaling.
Marine n-3 Fatty Acids and Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease: A Novel Analysis of the VITAL Trial Using Win Ratio and Hierarchical Composite Outcomes; This study aimed to investigate whether n-3 fatty acid supplementation reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) events in a novel analysis using hierarchical composite CVD outcomes based on win ratio in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL). This was a secondary analysis of our VITAL randomized trial, which assessed the effects of marine n-3 fatty acids (1 g/day) and vitamin D3 on incident CVD and cancer among healthy older adults (n = 25,871). The primary analysis estimated win ratios of a composite of major CVD outcomes prioritized as fatal coronary heart disease, other fatal CVD including stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and non-fatal stroke, comparing n-3 fatty acids to placebo. The primary result was a nonsignificant benefit of this supplementation for the prioritized primary CVD outcome (reciprocal win ratio [95% confidence interval]: 0.90 [0.78-1.04]), similar to the 0.92 (0.80-1.06) hazard ratio in our original time-to-first event analysis without outcome prioritization. Its benefits came from reducing MI (0.71 [0.57-0.88]) but not stroke (1.01 [0.80 to 1.28]) components. For the primary CVD outcome, participants with low fish consumption at baseline benefited (0.79 [0.65-0.96]) more than those with high consumption (1.05 [0.85-1.30]). These results are consistent with, but slightly stronger than, those without outcome prioritization.
Omega-3 fatty acids from fish oils and cardiovascular disease; Fish and fish oils contain the omega-3 fatty acids known as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Epidemiological studies have shown an inverse relation between the dietary consumption of fish containing EPA/DHA and mortality from coronary heart disease. These relationships have been substantiated from blood measures of omega-3 fatty acids including DHA as a physiological biomarker for omega-3 fatty acid status. Controlled intervention trials with fish oil supplements enriched in EPA/DHA have shown their potential to reduce mortality in post-myocardial infarction patients with a substantial reduction in the risk of sudden cardiac death. The cardioprotective effects of EPA/DHA are widespread, appear to act independently of blood cholesterol reduction, and are mediated by diverse mechanisms. Their overall effects include anti-arrhythmic, blood triglyceride-lowering, anti-thrombotic, anti-inflammatory, endothelial relaxation, plus others. Current dietary intakes of EPA/DHA in North America and elsewhere are well below those recommended by the American Heart Association for the management of patients with coronary heart disease.
Usefulness of omega-3 fatty acids and the prevention of coronary heart disease; Clinical trial evidence exists that supports a role for the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in coronary heart disease prevention. However, the results from these clinical trials have varied and were conducted in diverse population groups using several different types of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Thus, we systematically reviewed previously published reports assessing the different types of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid interventions and cardiovascular outcomes. Fourteen randomized clinical trials were included in the review. Six trials were included with fish oil, with I large trial (10,000 patients) dominating the analysis. In aggregate, the fish oil trials demonstrated a reduction in total mortality and sudden death without a clinically significant reduction in nonfatal myocardial infarction. The 6 trials with ALA supplements or an ALA-enriched diet were of poorer design than the fish oil trials and had limited power. Many of the trials with ALA involved other changes in dietary components. In aggregate, the ALA trials demonstrated possible benefits in reducing sudden death and nonfatal myocardial infarction, but with wider confidence intervals than in the fish oil trials. In conclusion, the evidence suggests a role for fish oil (eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid) or fish in secondary prevention because recent clinical trial data have demonstrated a significant reduction in total mortality, coronary heart disease death, and sudden death. The data on ALA have been limited by studies of smaller sample size and limited quality. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation in patients with diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk: does dose really matter?; There is a vast disagreement in relation to the possible beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) supplementation in patients with diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The conflicting results between the various original studies and meta-analyses could be partially explained as a result of variable supplementation dosage and duration, either of which may modify the effects of omega-3 PUFA on cardio-metabolic biomarkers. Meta-analyses are limited usually by the inability to draw inferences regarding dosage, duration and the interaction of dosage and duration of omega-3 PUFA intake. Even so, almost all endpoints in the so-called "negative" meta-analyses leaned toward a trend for benefit with a near 10% reduction in cardiovascular outcomes and a borderline statistical significance. Many trials included in these meta-analyses tested an insufficient daily dose of omega-3 PUFA of less than 1000 mg. Probably, the consistent cardiovascular effects of omega-3 PUFA supplements could be expected only with daily doses above 2000 mg.
Reduced cardiac remodelling and prevention of glutathione deficiency after omega-3 supplementation in chronic heart failure; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) supplementation is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality and post-infarction death. However, the impact of omega-3 supplementation in congestive heart failure (CHF) is still unknown. This study assesses the effects of omega-3 supplementation on left ventricular (LV) function and remodelling. We assessed, in rats with CHF induced by left coronary ligation, the effects of a 1-week and a 12-week supplementation with omega-3 (450 mg/kg per day) on LV hemodynamics, function and structure. Chronic omega-3 reduces total peripheral resistance due to an increase in cardiac output without modification of arterial pressure. Only chronic omega-3 reduces LV end-diastolic pressure and LV relaxation constant. Moreover, chronic omega-3 decreases LV systolic and diastolic diameters, LV weight and collagen density. Acute and chronic omega-3 increase LV gamma-glutamyl-cysteine synthetase and oppose glutathione deficiency resulting in a reduction of myocardial oxidized glutathione. In experimental CHF, long-term omega-3 supplementation improves LV hemodynamics and function and prevents LV remodelling and glutathione deficiency. The latter might be one of the mechanisms involved, but whether other mechanism, independent of myocardial redox 'status', such as reduced inflammation, are implicated remains to be confirmed.
Food Fortification with Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Microencapsulation as an Addition Method; Background: The addition of different bioactive compounds is one of the current methods for producing functional foods. Omega-3 fatty acids can be incorporated into new products in the field of medical and health foods. The human body cannot produce eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) directly; they must be taken in through food or formed by metabolic reactions of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Current food habits have caused a considerable reduction in the daily intake of omega-3 fatty acids to less than the recommended amounts, and as a result, the need to enrich food with omega-3 fatty acids is increasing. Several technologies such as microencapsulation can prevent omega-3 fatty acids from oxidation and development of fishy flavors, increase food shelf-life and improve the fortification of foods with these fatty acids.
Innovative dietary sources of n-3 fatty acids; It is now established that dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are involved in health promotion and disease prevention, particularly those traditionally derived from marine sources (e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid). A number of organizations have made specific recommendations for the general population to increase their intakes of these nutrients. In response to and along with these recommendations, n-3 PUFAs are being incorporated into nontraditional food sources because of advances in the technology to safely enrich/fortify our food supply. Fatty acid compositions of traditional oils (e.g., canola and soybean) are being genetically modified to deliver more highly concentrated sources of n-3 PUFA. The advent of algal sources of docosahexaenoic acid provides one of the few terrestrial sources of this fatty acid in a concentrated form. All of this is possible because of newer technologies (rnicroencapsulation) and improved processing techniques that ensure stability and preserve the integrity of these unstable fatty acids.
The effects of supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiac rhythm: anti-arrhythmic, pro-arrhythmic, both or neither? It depends ...; Supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids (Omega-3) has been associated with a decreased cardiovascular risk, thereby concentrating attention on a potentially preventive effect regarding tachyarrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. However, recent randomized controlled trials challenge the efficacy of the additional application of Omega-3 and its anti-arrhythmic effect under certain clinical conditions. The present paper reflects the results of earlier and recent clinical studies with respect to the individual background conditions that may determine the clinical outcome of Omega-3 supplementation and thereby explain apparently conflicting clinical results. It is concluded that the efficacy of Omega-3 supplementation to prevent cardiac arrhythmias strongly depends on the underlying clinical and pharmacological conditions, a hypothesis that also is supported by data from experimental animal studies and by molecular interactions of Omega-3 at the cellular level.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Blood Levels Clinical Significance Update; The potential benefit of fish oil (omega-3 fatty acids) consumption to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk remains controversial. Some investigations report reduced CVD risk associated with fish or fish oil consumption while others report no benefit. This controversy is in part resolved when consideration is given to omega-3 blood levels in relation to CVD risk as well as blood levels achieved in clinical trials of omega-3 supplementation and CVD benefit. There is a wide variation in omega-3 blood levels achieved between individuals in response to a given dose of an omega-3 supplement. Many studies tested a daily dose of 1 gram omega-3 supplementation. The individual variation in blood omega-3 levels achieved in response to a fixed daily dose helps to explain why some individuals may obtain CVD protection benefit while others do not due to failure to achieve a therapeutic threshold. Recent development of a population range in a United States population helps to provide clinical guidance since population omega-3 blood level ranges may vary due to environmental and genetic reasons. Omega-3 supplementation may also be of benefit in reducing the adverse impact of air pollution on CVD risk.
Omega-3 Status and the Relationship between Plasma Asymmetric Dimethylarginine and Risk of Myocardial Infarction in Patients with Suspected Coronary Artery Disease; Background. Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is an endogenous inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase. A previous rat study revealed an ADMA lowering effect following treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs). We sought to examine if an association between plasma ADMA and risk of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) was modified by serum n-3 PUFA status. Methods. The cohort included 1364 patients who underwent coronary angiography for suspected coronary artery disease in 2000-2001. Fatal and nonfatal AMI events were registered until December 31, 2006. Risk associations with AMI were estimated across ADMA quartiles (linear trend) and the upper decile. Results. No association between concentration of any n-3 PUFA and ADMA was observed. Only ADMA levels in upper decile were significantly associated with AMI with a multivariate adjusted hazard ratio (HR) (95% confidence interval) versus the rest of the population of 2.11 (1.34, 3.32). The association was strengthened among patients with below median levels of a-linolenic acid (ALA) (HR 3.12 (1.64, 5.93)), but was only influenced by longer chain n-3 PUFA after additional adjustments for HbA1c, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and hypercholesterolemia. Conclusions. The association of ADMA with risk of AMI is influenced by serum n-3 PUFA and particularly ALA.
n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: evidence explained and mechanisms explored; Long chain n-3 PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) are found in fatty fish and in fish oils. Substantial evidence from epidemiological and case-control studies indicates that consumption of fish, fatty fish and long-chain n-3 PUFAs reduces the risk of cardiovascular mortality. Secondary prevention studies using long-chain n-3 PUFAs in patients post-myocardial infarction have shown a reduction in total and cardiovascular mortality, with an especially potent effect on sudden death. Long-chain n-3 PUFAs have been shown to decrease blood triacylglycerol (triglyceride) concentrations, to decrease production of chemoattractants, growth factors, adhesion molecules, inflammatory eicosanoids and inflammatory cytokines, to lower blood pressure, to increase nitric oxide production, endothelial relaxation and vascular compliance, to decrease thrombosis and cardiac arrhythmias and to increase heart rate variability. These mechanisms most likely explain the primary and secondary cardiovascular protection afforded by long-chain n-3 PUFA consumption. A recent study suggests that long-chain n-3 PUFAs might also act to stabilize advanced atherosclerotic plaques, perhaps through their anti-inflammatory effects. As a result of the robust evidence in their favour, a number of recommendations to increase intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs have been made.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: A Narrative Review for Pharmacists; Background: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While use of statin therapy has improved management of lipids, an unmet need in reducing residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk and ischemic events persists. We provide an overview of the pharmacology of omega-3 fatty acids, omega-3 fatty acid cardiovascular outcomes trials, landmark clinical data and pharmacology of icosapent ethyl (a stable and highly purified ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid), and the critical differences between fish oil supplements and prescription omega-3 fatty acids. Method: A PubMed literature review was conducted in April 2020 to identify articles discussing omega-3 fatty acid cardiovascular outcomes trials, pharmacology of icosapent ethyl, and the evaluation of fish oil dietary supplements and prescription omega-3 fatty acids. Results: Both eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have been widely associated with positive health benefits; however, data are inconsistent regarding the benefit of combination eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in patients with cardiovascular disease. Eicosapentaenoic acid, and specifically icosapent ethyl, has demonstrated atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk reduction among statin-treated patients. Important clinical differences exist between dietary supplement and prescription omega-3 fatty acid products. Conclusions: As research regarding the optimal management of dyslipidemia continues, additional therapy beyond statins is necessary to reduce atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk. In large cardiovascular outcomes trials, eicosapentaenoic acid has demonstrated cardiovascular benefit. Icosapent ethyl possesses a favorable efficacy and safety profile and should be considered as an adjunct to statin therapy to reduce ischemic event risk.
Relation between dietary linolenic acid and coronary artery disease in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute family heart study; Background: Epidemiologic studies suggest that a higher consumption of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Studies in humans and animals also reported an inverse association between alpha -linolenic acid and cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality.
Cardiovascular effects of omega-3 free fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids are essential substances for the development and function of human organism. They cannot be synthesized in humans, and consequently have to be acquired from food, almost exclusively from fish. Omega-3 fatty acids exert potent anti-inflammatory and anti-atherosclerotic actions by interfering with the metabolism of arachidonic acid, modifying lipid composition (mainly lowering triglycerides), improving hemodynamics and reducing cardiac hypertrophy. Recently, clinical and experimental studies demonstrated an anti-arrhythmic effect and a significant impact on survival after myocardial infarction (MI). It follows that omega-3 fatty acids have been widely accepted for clinical use in patients with dyslipidemia or with atherosclerotic disease and in survivors of acute MI. This review briefly explores the metabolic mechanisms and the clinical effects of this class of substances and considers their use in patients with cardiovascular disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids effectively mitigate high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) biomarker of inflammation in acute myocardial infarction patients: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Myocardial infarction (MI) is considered an inflammatory disease and among the leading causes of death globally. An essential indicator of inflammation, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), is linked with the acute MI prognosis. We aimed to examine the impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as an anti-inflammatory supplement on hs-CRP levels in acute MI patients. Sixty patients with acute MI participated in this randomized, placebo-controlled trial. For 30 days, patients were randomized to receive omega-3 PUFAs (2 g/day, N = 30) or placebo (N = 30) on top of guideline-directed medical therapy. An initial and endpoint measurement of hs-CRP was performed. We found that the hs-CRP levels in both omega-3 PUFAs and placebo groups remarkably decreased following 30 days of treatment (decreasing from 1.84 (2.3) and 1.3 (2.6) to 0.38 (0.54) and 0.63 (1.12) mg/dL, respectively; P < 0.001). Following the 30 days of treatment, the reducing impact of omega-3 PUFAs (down arrow 1.54 (1.98) mg/dL) on hs-CRP was more robust than the placebo group (down arrow 0.92 (1.57) mg/dL, P = 0.008). Furthermore, the WBC, cholesterol, LDL, and triglyceride levels were markedly decreased in omega-3 and placebo groups after 30 days of therapy (P < 0.001 for all). However, no remarkable differences were reported in the level of these parameters after 30 days of therapy between both studied groups. Our findings showed that omega-3 PUFAs decrease hs-CRP amounts in patients with acute MI. Omega-3 PUFA supplementation may be an appropriate candidate in patients with early-stage acute MI for inhibiting inflammation.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Arterial Hypertension: Is There Any Good News?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (?-3 PUFAs), including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and its derivatives eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are "essential" fatty acids mainly obtained from diet sources comprising plant oils, marine blue fish, and commercially available fish oil supplements. Many epidemiological and retrospective studies suggested that ?-3 PUFA consumption decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease, but results of early intervention trials have not consistently confirmed this effect. In recent years, some large-scale randomized controlled trials have shed new light on the potential role of ?-3 PUFAs, particularly high-dose EPA-only formulations, in cardiovascular prevention, making them an attractive tool for the treatment of "residual" cardiovascular risk. ?-3 PUFAs' beneficial effects on cardiovascular outcomes go far beyond the reduction in triglyceride levels and are thought to be mediated by their broadly documented "pleiotropic" actions, most of which are directed to vascular protection. A considerable number of clinical studies and meta-analyses suggest the beneficial effects of ?-3 PUFAs in the regulation of blood pressure in hypertensive and normotensive subjects. These effects occur mostly through regulation of the vascular tone that could be mediated by both endothelium-dependent and independent mechanisms. In this narrative review, we summarize the results of both experimental and clinical studies that evaluated the effect of ?-3 PUFAs on blood pressure, highlighting the mechanisms of their action on the vascular system and their possible impact on hypertension, hypertension-related vascular damage, and, ultimately, cardiovascular outcomes.
Omega-3 fatty acids and prevention of arrhythmias; Purpose of review There is now a considerable factual basis from labratory and clinical trials that omega-3 fatty acids of fish oil will prevent fatal arrhythmias in animals and humans and this is the focus of the review.
Decreased circulating omega-3 fatty acids increase the risk of myocardial infarction: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study; Background Many studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids may play critical roles in cardiovascular diseases. Myocardial infarction (MI) typically results from a thrombotic occlusion of a coronary artery leading to myocardial ischemia. Thus, this study aims to examine the association between omega-3 fatty acids and MI.Methods A two-sample Mendelian randomization study was used to explore the causal relationship between circulating omega-3 fatty acids and the risk of MI performed by MR-Egger regression, inverse-variance weighted (IVW), weighted median, and weighted mode.Results Five single-nucleotide polymorphisms strongly related to circulating omega-3 fatty acids were selected as instrumental variables from a published genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis including 13,544 subjects. We extracted summary data for the risk of MI from another GWAS meta-analysis including 171,875 individuals (43,676 cases and 128,199 controls). The genetically predicted lower circulating omega-3 increased the risk of myocardial infarction showed by the results of IVW [odds ratio (OR) = 1.224, 95% CI = 1.045-1.433, P = 0.012], weighted median method (OR = 1.171, 95% CI = 1.042-1.315, P = 0.008), and weighted mode (OR = 1.149, 95% CI = 1.002-1.317, P = 0.117), although the result of MR-Egger was not significant (OR = 0.950, 95% CI = 0.513-1.760, P = 0.880) with a wider confidence interval.Conclusion The findings from our Mendelian randomization analysis suggest that the association between omega-3 fatty acid levels and MI is likely causal.
Prevention of sudden cardiac death by dietary pure ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in dogs; Background-Rat diets high in fish oil have been shown to be protective against ischemia-induced fatal ventricular arrhythmias. Increasing evidence suggests that this may also apply to humans. To confirm the evidence in animals, we tested a concentrate of the free fish-oil fatty acids and found them to be antiarrhythmic. In this study, we tested the pure free fatty acids of the 2 major dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oil: cis-5,8,11,14,17-eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5 omega-3) and cis-4,7,10,13,16, 19-docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6 omega-3), and the parent omega-3 fatty acid in some vegetable oils, cis-9,12,15-alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 omega-3), administered intravenously on albumin or a phospholipid emulsion.
Role of encapsulation on the bioavailability of omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) have been widely recognized for their therapeutic advantages, including anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective properties. They have shown promise in enhancing regulatory function, promotingdevelopment and mitigating the progression of diabetes and cancer. The scientific communities, along with industries, are actively endorsing initiatives aimed at increasing the daily intake of lipids rich in omega-3 FAs. Nevertheless, incorporating polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs) into food products poses several challenges due to their susceptibility to oxidation when exposed to oxygen, high temperatures, and moisture. This oxidative deterioration results in undesirable flavours and a loss of nutritional value. Various methods, including physical blending, interesterification, and encapsulation, have been utilized as ways to enhance the stability of edible oils rich in PUFA against oxidation. Encapsulation has emerged as a proven strategy for enhancing the oxidative stability and functional properties of omega-3 FA-rich oils. Multiple encapsulation methods have been developed to stabilize and improve the delivery of omega-3 FAs in food products. The selection of an appropriate encapsulation method depends on the desired application of the encapsulated oil. In addition, encapsulation enhances the bioavailability of omega-3 FAs by promoting increased absorption of the encapsulated form in the intestinal epithelium. This review discusses the techniques and principles of omega-3 FA-rich oil encapsulation and its role in improving stability and bioavailability. Furthermore, it also investigates the potential health benefits of these encapsulated oils. This review explores the variations in bioavailability based on encapsulation techniques and processing, offering vital insights for nutrition and product development.
Role of autophagy in the ω-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced death of lung cancer A549 cells; The present study identified that omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) demonstrate anti-proliferative effects in lung cancer A549 cells. MTS and cytotoxicity assays were conducted to confirm that omega-3 PUFAs induced cell death. Autophagy-associated gene and signaling pathways were also detected. Microtubule-associated protein light chain 3 (LC3) expression was found to be increased subsequent to treatment with DHA and EPA, and the expression of LC3-II was particularly increased. mRFP-GFP-LC3 fluorescence staining and p62 expression levels were used to detect autophagic flux. The present results indicate that DHA and EPA block autophagic flux, suggesting autophagosome accumulation. Subsequent to treatment with DHA and EPA, which interfered with autophagosomes, the expression of Beclin 1 was significantly decreased, while the expression of phosphorylated Akt and phosphorylated mammalian target of rapamycin was significantly increased. Therefore, DHA and EPA exert anti-proliferative effects by inhibiting autophagy in A549 cells, which highlights the potential of DHA and EPA for use in the prevention or treatment of lung cancer.
The association between dietary omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular death: the Singapore Chinese Health Study; Background Although studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids intake may reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality risk, few studies have differentiated dietary eicosapentaenoic/docosahexaenoic acid (EPA/DHA) from alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and epidemiological research in Asian populations is limited.
Beyond blood lipids: phytosterols, statins and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid therapy for hyperlipidemia; Phytosterols and omega-3 fatty acids are natural compounds with potential cardiovascular benefits. Phytosterols inhibit cholesterol absorption, thereby reducing total- and LDL cholesterol. A number of clinical trials have established that the consumption of 1.5-2.0 g/day of phytosterols can result in a 10-15% reduction in LDL cholesterol in as short as a 3-week period in hyperlipidemic populations. Added benefits of phytosterol consumption have been demonstrated in people who are already on lipid-lowering medications (statin drugs). On the other hand, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation has been associated with significant hypotriglyceridemic effects with concurrent modifications of other risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease, including platelet function and pro-inflammatory mediators. Recent studies have provided evidence that the combination of phytosterols and omega-3 fatty acids may reduce cardiovascular risk in a complementary and synergistic way. This article reviews the health benefits of phytosterols and omega-3 fatty acids, alone or in combination with statins, for the treatment/management of hyperlipidemia, with particular emphasis on the mechanisms involved. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
All-Cause Mortality and Cardiovascular Death between Statins and Omega-3 Supplementation: A Meta-Analysis and Network Meta-Analysis from 55 Randomized Controlled Trials; Statins and omega-3 supplementation have shown potential benefits in preventing cardiovascular disease (CVD), but their comparative effects on mortality outcomes, in addition to primary and secondary prevention and mixed population, have not been investigated. This study aimed to examine the effect of statins and omega-3 supplementation and indirectly compare the effects of statin use and omega-3 fatty acids on all-cause mortality and CVD death. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from meta-analyses published until December 2019. Pooled relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated to indirectly compare the effect of statin use versus omega-3 supplementation in a frequentist network meta-analysis. In total, 55 RCTs were included in the final analysis. Compared with placebo, statins were significantly associated with a decreased the risk of all-cause mortality (RR = 0.90, 95% CI = 0.86-0.94) and CVD death (RR = 0.86, 95% CI = 0.80-0.92), while omega-3 supplementation showed a borderline effect on all-cause mortality (RR = 0.97, 95% CI = 0.94-1.01) but were significantly associated with a reduced risk of CVD death (RR = 0.92, 95% CI = 0.87-0.98) in the meta-analysis. The network meta-analysis found that all-cause mortality was significantly different between statin use and omega-3 supplementation for overall population (RR = 0.91, 95% CI = 0.85-0.98), but borderline for primary prevention and mixed population and nonsignificant for secondary prevention. Furthermore, there were borderline differences between statin use and omega-3 supplementation in CVD death in the total population (RR = 0.92, 95% CI = 0.82-1.04) and primary prevention (RR = 0.85, 95% CI = 0.68-1.05), but nonsignificant differences in secondary prevention (RR = 0.97, 95% CI = 0.66-1.43) and mixed population (RR = 0.92, 95% CI = 0.75-1.14). To summarize, statin use might be associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality than omega-3 supplementation. Future direct comparisons between statin use and omega-3 supplementation are required to confirm the findings.
Correlations between blood and tissue omega-3 LCPUFA status following dietary ALA intervention in rats; The aim of this study was to assess relationships between the fatty acid contents of plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and those in liver, heart, brain, kidney and quadriceps muscle in rats. To obtain a wide range of tissue omega-3 (n-3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) we subjected weanling rats to dietary treatment with the n-3 LCPUFA precursor, alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3 n-3) for 3 weeks. With the exception of the brain, we found strong and consistent correlations between the total n-3 LCPUFA fatty acid content of both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids with fatty acid levels in all tissues. The relationships between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22:5 n-3) content in both blood fractions with levels in liver, kidney, heart and quadriceps muscle phospholipids were stronger than those for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3). The strong correlations between the EPA+DHA (the Omega-3 Index), total n-3 LCPUFA and total n-3 PUFA contents in both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and tissues investigated in this study suggest that, under a wide range of n-3 LCPUFA values, plasma and erythrocyte n-3 fatty acid content reflect not only dietary PUFA intakes but also accumulation of endogenously synthesised n-3 LCPUFA, and thus can be used as a reliable surrogate for assessing n-3 status in key peripheral tissues. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
New evidences of possibility of OMEGA-3 acids use for myocardial infarction secondary prevention; The metabolism, classification, biomedical implication and clinical application of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were analyzed.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes: a Review of Recent Evidence; Purpose of ReviewOmega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) lower triglycerides, have anti-inflammatory properties, and improve metabolism. Clinical evidence of cardiovascular benefit with omega-3 fatty acids is mixed. We discuss mechanisms providing biological plausibility of benefit of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular risk reduction and review clinical trials investigating the benefits of prescription omega-3 fatty acids in dyslipidemia, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), and diabetes.Recent FindingsAlthough early trials showed no benefit of omega-3 fatty acids in ASCVD, the REDUCE-IT trial noted significant risk reduction in ASCVD events with highly purified EPA (icosapent ethyl) use which has changed the landscape for currently available therapeutic options. However, other large trials like STRENGTH and VITAL, which used different formulations of prescription omega-3 fatty acids, did not note significant cardiovascular risk reduction. Thus the effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids for cardiovascular disease prevention is an ongoing topic of debate. A relative paucity of studies examining benefits for glycemic outcomes in persons with diabetes exists; however, few studies have suggested lack of benefit to date.Significant residual cardiovascular risk exists for individuals with hypertriglyceridemia. Prescription omega-3 fatty acids are more commonly used for CV risk reduction in these patients. Clinical guideline statements now recommend icosapent ethyl use for selected individuals with hypertriglyceridemia to reduce cardiovascular events given recent evidence from the REDUCE-IT trial. Nonetheless, data from other large scale trials has been mixed, and future research is needed to better understand how different preparations of omega-3 may differ in their cardiovascular and metabolic effects, and the mechanisms for their benefit.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Do We Understand the Relationship?; There is a large body of evidence documenting the effects of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids with the first double bond at the third position from methyl-terminal (so called omega-3 fatty acids (FAs)) on different components of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, it may seem the more answers on the topic we learn, the more questions remain to be elucidated. There are three levels of evidence documenting the impact of fish omega-3 FAs on CVD risk. Epidemiological data have shown unequivocally the increased intake of fish is associated with lower CVD morbidity and mortality. Numerous experimental studies have shown (almost always) positive effects of omega-3 FAs on lipoprotein metabolism, coagulation and platelet function, endothelial function, arterial stiffness etc. Most importantly, there are a few prospective clinical endpoint trials (DART, JELIS, GISSI Prevenzione and GISSI-HF) that have examined the impact of omega-3 FAs supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes in different patient populations. Recent meta-analyses of these and other clinical studies have yielded somewhat conflicting results. In this review we will summarize current evidence of omega-3 FAs effects on cardiovascular risk focusing on new data from recent clinical trials as well as possible practical implications for clinical practice.
Cardiovascular risk and lipid management beyond statin therapy: the potential role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters; Although statins are widely effective at reducing LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) and clinical cardiovascular events, the risk of cardiovascular disease remains high in certain patient subgroups, despite effective LDL-C reduction. This is typically the case in those with Type 2 diabetes. This 'residual risk' is partly attributable to lipid abnormalities distinct from LDL-C, such as elevated triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins and low levels of HDL cholesterol (HDL-C). Clinical trials demonstrate that use of other lipid-modifying therapies in combination with statins can further improve lipid profiles: inhibitors of cholesterol and bile acid uptake mainly affect LDL-C, while niacin, fibrates and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters target other plasma lipids, particularly TG and HDL-C. In current practice, patients with higher TGs and lower HDL-C appear to have the greatest potential to benefit from use of additional medications on the background of statin therapy.
No effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory markers in familial hypercholesterolemia: a randomized crossover trial; Individuals with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) have increased cardiovascular risk despite lipid-lowering therapy, and additional therapy is warranted. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplements have demonstrated an effect on cardiovascular endpoints in some clinical trials. Platelet-modifying and anti-inflammatory properties are among the proposed beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA. We investigated the effect of a high-dose n-3 PUFA supplement on platelet function and inflammatory markers in FH subjects. We performed a randomized, double-blind trial with a crossover design. Inclusion criteria were genetically verified heterozygous FH, stable disease, statin treatment >12 months, and age 18-75 years. Trial participants were allocated to two treatment periods in random order. The treatment periods (three months each) were separated by a three-month washout period. N-3 PUFA (1840 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 1520 mg docosahexaenoic acid) and placebo (olive oil) were administered in four capsules daily. Endpoints were platelet function and inflammatory markers, assessed by platelet function analyzer, soluble markers P-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), 27 cytokines, and hematological parameters. Thirty-four heterozygous FH individuals completed the trial. No treatment effect (p = 0.93) from n-3 PUFA on the platelet function analyzer was found (2 s, 95% CI [-13, 6]). In our FH population, n-3 PUFA did not influence the levels of P-selectin (-2.0, 95% CI [-5.0, 2.0], p = 0.41), VCAM (0, 95% CI [-14.2, 14.2], p > 0.99), ICAM (-27.0, 95% CI [-70.1, 16.5]; p = 0.21), cytokine levels, or hematological parameters. In statin-treated FH individuals, high dose n-3 PUFA supplement did not affect platelet function and inflammatory markers.
Blood n-3 fatty acid levels and total and cause-specific mortality from 17 prospective studies; Associations between of omega-3 fatty acids and mortality are not clear. Here the authors report that, based on a pooled analysis of 17 prospective cohort studies, higher blood omega-3 fatty acid levels correlate with lower risk of all-cause mortality.
Mediterranean diet: The role of long-chain ω-3 fatty acids in fish; polyphenols in fruits, vegetables, cereals, coffee, tea, cacao and wine; probiotics and vitamins in prevention of stroke, age-related cognitive decline, and Alzheimer disease; The mechanisms of action of the dietary components of the Mediterranean diet are reviewed in prevention of cardiovascular disease, stroke, age-associated cognitive decline and Alzheimer disease. A companion article provides a comprehensive review of extravirgin olive oil. The benefits of consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are described. Fresh fish provides eicosapentaenoic acid while alpha-linolenic acid is found in canola and soybean oils, purslane and nuts. These omega-3 fatty acids interact metabolically with omega-6 fatty acids mainly linoleic acid from corn oil, sunflower oil and peanut oil. Diets rich in omega-6 fatty acids inhibit the formation of healthier omega-3 fatty acids. The deleterious effects on lipid metabolism of excessive intake of carbohydrates, in particular high-fructose corn syrup and artificial sweeteners, are explained. The critical role of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid in the developing and aging brain and in Alzheimer disease is addressed. Nutritional epidemiology studies, prospective population-based surveys, and clinical trials confirm the salutary effects of fish consumption on prevention of coronary artery disease, stroke and dementia. Recent recommendations on fish consumption by pregnant women and potential mercury toxicity are reviewed. The polyphenols and flavonoids of plant origin play a critical role in the Mediterranean diet, because of their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of benefit in type-2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, stroke and cancer prevention. Polyphenols from fruits and vegetables modulate tau hyperphosphorylation and beta amyloid aggregation in animal models of Alzheimer disease. From the public health viewpoint worldwide the daily consumption of fruits and vegetables has become the main tool for prevention of cardiovascular disease and stroke. We review the important dietary role of cereal grains in prevention of coronary disease and stroke. Polyphenols from grapes, wine and alcoholic beverages are discussed, in particular their effects on coagulation. The mechanisms of action of probiotics and vitamins are also included. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
OMEGA, a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial to Test the Effect of Highly Purified Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Top of Modern Guideline-Adjusted Therapy After Myocardial Infarction; Background-There is no randomized, double-blind trial testing the prognostic effect of highly purified omega-3 fatty acids in addition to current guideline-adjusted treatment of acute myocardial infarction.
Lower Omega-3 Index Is a Marker of Increased Propensity of Hypertensive Rat Heart to Malignant Arrhythmias; Polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) are important components of cell membrane affecting its function and their deficiency is deleterious to health. We have previously shown that spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) are prone to life-threatening arrhythmias that are reduced by omega-3 PUFA intake. Purpose of this study was to explore plasma and red blood cells (RBC) profile of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA as well as to determine omega-3 index, a risk factor for sudden cardiac death, in aged SHR and the effect of omega-3 PUFA intake. Male and female 12-month-old SHR and age-matched Wistar rats fed with omega-3 PUFA (200 mg/kg BW/day/2 month) were compared with untreated rats. Composition of omega-3 PUFA: alfa linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as well as omega-6 PUFA: linoleic acid and arachidonic acid was analyzed by gas chromatography. Results showed sex- and strain-related differences of basal omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA levels in plasma and RBC as well as in response to omega-3 PUFA intake. Comparing to Wistar rats omega-3 index, expressed as a percentage of EPA+DHA of total fatty acids, was lower in SHR and it increased due to consumption of omega-3 PUFA. Findings support our hypothesis that lower omega-3 index may be also a marker of increased propensity of the hypertensive rat heart to malignant arrhythmias.
n-3 Fatty acids and the prevention of coronary atherosclerosis; Epidemiologic studies have shown an inverse correlation between consumption of fish or other sources of dietary n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular events. Numerous mechanisms of action for the favorable effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids on factors implicated in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis have been described. Studies in dogs, swine, and nonhuman primates have consistently shown beneficial effects in various models of vasoocclusive diseases. Studies published currently do not indicate that dietary n-3 fatty acids prevent restenosis after percutaneous coronary angioplasty or induce regression of coronary atherosclerosis. However, in a recent study, occlusion of aortocoronary venous bypass grafts was reduced after 1 y by daily ingestion of 4 g fish-oil concentrate. In the Diet and Reinfarction Trial, 2-y overall mortality was reduced by 29% in survivors of a first myocardial infarction after consumption of n-3 fatty acid-rich fatty fish at least twice a week had been advised (Lancet 1989;2:757-61). When n-3 fatty acids were integrated into a diet resembling a traditional Mediterranean diet, 5-y cardiovascular mortality after a first myocardial infarction was reduced by 70% (Lancet 1994; 343:1454-9). Preliminary studies indicate that cardiac transplant patients could be an interesting focus of investigation. Currently, food sources rich in n-3 fatty acids are thought to be beneficial in secondary prophylaxis after a myocardial infarction. Large-scale clinical studies with endpoints such as morbidity and mortality are needed to more precisely define the role of n-3 fatty acids in primary and secondary prophylaxis of coronary atherosclerosis.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid Intake and 10-Year Incidence of Coronary Heart Disease and Stroke in 20,000 Middle-Aged Men and Women in The Netherlands; Background: Whether intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), the plant-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), could prevent cardiovascular diseases is not yet clear. We examined the associations of ALA intake with 10-year incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke in the Netherlands.
The journey of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular medicine; In subjects with cardiovascular risk factors or in patients in need of secondary prevention, hypertriglyceridemia is a well-defined risk factor for adverse cardiac events. Drugs containing n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are approved for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. In 1999, a cardioprotective effect in post infarct patients was suggested by a large multicentre study, the GISSI prevention trial. The hypothesized mechanism of action was an antiarrhythmic action leading to reduction of the sudden death. However, such a cardioprotective effect of n-3 PUFAs has not been straightforward like for other cardiovascular drugs such as aspirin, statins or ACE inhibitors. On the contrary, it has been a long journey with several ups and downs. Recently, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has not confirmed the risk benefit of low dose of n-3 PUFA in preventing outcomes after a myocardial infarction. Since the EMA decision, the use of a high dose (4g daily) of pure and stable EPA in a multicentre, international trial, the REDUCE-IT study showed a clear cardiovascular event reduction which was not confirmed in another trial, the STRENGTH study, which utilized 4g daily of an EPA+DHA mixture. It follows that the OMEGA-3 fatty acid story seems to be endless and the last word on cardiovascular benefits cannot be pronounced. We report a brief narrative of an entire journey from the beginning to nowadays.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids modify the inverse association between systemic inflammation and cardiovascular fitness; Background and objective: Exercise increases quality of life and lowers all-cause mortality, likely by preventing cardiovascular disease. Although the beneficial effects of exercise are linked with reductions in chronic inflammation, individual responses vary and factors that contribute to the anti-inflammatory effects of cardiovascular fitness remain largely undefined. We sought to investigate the role of fatty acids in the inverse relationship between inflammation and cardiovascular fitness. Approach and results: In this cross-sectional study using data from 435 participants in NHANES and linear regression models with CRP as the outcome, we observed significant negative interactions between VO2max and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) but not saturated, monounsaturated, or omega-6 PUFAs. When stratified by omega-3 PUFA tertiles, participants in the medium tertile, but not low tertile, show an enhanced negative association between VO2max and CRP, with a -32.0% difference (95% CI: -44.95, -15.9%) per 10 mL/kg/min of VO2max. Exploratory factor analysis identified five unique dietary fatty acid (FA) profiles. The FA profile consisting predominantly of omega-3 PUFA had the strongest negative association for VO2max and CRP, with a -28.2% difference in CRP (95% CI: -43.4, -8.9) per 10 mL/kg/min of VO2max. We also found that alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) enhanced the negative association between VO2max and CRP, suggesting that the anti-inflammatory response to VO2max capacity is associated with ALA and DHA levels. Males, Whites, and individuals with lower BMI were more sensitive to the effects of omega-3 PUFAs, while having high SFA levels attenuated the benefit. Conclusions: This study suggests that omega-3 PUFAs are effect modifiers for VO2max and CRP and that the anti-inflammatory benefits of increasing cardiovascular fitness are associated with omega-3 PUFAs. 0 2021 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Prevention of Atrial Fibrillation; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common cardiac arrhythmia, affecting more than 2.6 million people in the United States. It occurs frequently after myocardial infarction and is the most common arrhythmia following cardiac surgery. AF increases the risk of morbidity and mortality from stroke, thromboembolism, and death. AF may be caused by ectopic activity in one or more of the pulmonary veins. Focal ectopic activity can be generated by abnormal atrial automaticity, delayed afterdepolarizations from calcium overload, or early afterdepolarizations secondary to defective repolarization properties. Pathologic mechanisms may include autonomic dysfunction, inflammation, and fibrosis. Omega-3 fatty acids (polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFAs]) have been shown to induce beneficial effects in the treatment of coronary artery disease. They may also reduce sudden cardiac death and the incidence of arrhythmias. Therefore, studies have been conducted to evaluate the benefits of PUFAs in arrhythmia prevention. This review describes the effects of PUFAs in AF and provides the current literature in the prevention of AF.
The Link between Homocysteine and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid: Critical Appraisal and Future Directions; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and B vitamins are linked to metabolic and degenerative disorders, such as cardiovascular disease and cognitive decline. In the last two decades, the interplay between B vitamins and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids gained increasing attention. Expression control on enzymes involved in the pathway of homocysteine by polyunsaturated fatty acids has been proposed. The methylation process seems crucial for the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty acids and their distribution within the body. This review summarizes the available data in humans about the link between homocysteine and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, with a special focus on the meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials. Even if the paucity of available information about the topic does not allow for definitive conclusions, a synergic action between polyunsaturated fatty acids and B vitamins may play a key role in regulating several metabolic pathways. This element could explain a stronger action on homocysteine levels when omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and B vitamins are supplemented simultaneously. To date, a robust rationale of intervention to prevent metabolic diseases is lacking and could be beneficial for individual health and healthcare policy.
EFFECT OF LONG-TERM, MODERATE-DOSE SUPPLEMENTATION WITH OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS ON MONOCYTE PROCOAGULANT ACTIVITY AND RELEASE OF INTERLEUKIN-6 IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; The influence of a moderate dietary supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) (3.4 g eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids per day) for six months on lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulated monocyte procoagulant activity (PCA) was studied in two series of experiments, evaluating the plasma and cellular phases, respectively. In the first series, standard cryopreserved monocyte cultures were examined in heparin plasma of atherosclerotic patients (n = 24, 12 given omega-3 PUFAs, 12 controls). In the second series, monocytes from patients (n = 32, 16 given omega-3 PUFAs, 16 controls) were investigated in a standard plasma milieu. Plasma and monocytes were obtained from the test subjects before as well as after six months of omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Monocyte PCA, measured by the formation of fibrinopeptide A, was not significantly different when comparing plasma and monocytes from the subjects supplemented with omega-3 PUFAs with plasma and monocytes, respectively, from the control subjects. In the second series of experiments we also determined the LPS induced release of interleukin-6 (IL-6), which was not significantly different in the two groups. However, a strong correlation between the stimulated monocyte IL-6 release and PCA was demonstrated (r = 0.70, p = 0.00001), probably reflecting an individual inflammatory response pattern.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acid intake and cardiovascular risk; Dietary omega-3 fatty acids decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Both epidemiologic and interventional studies have demonstrated beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids on many CVD end points, including all CVD (defined as all coronary artery disease [CAD], fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction [MI], and stroke combined), all CAD, fatal and nonfatal MI, stroke, sudden cardiac death, and all-cause mortality. Much of the evidence comes from studies with fish oil and fish; to a lesser extent, data relate to plant-derived omega-3 fatty acids. Cardioprotective benefits have been observed with daily consumption of as little as 25 to.57 g (similar to 1 to 2 oz) of fish high in omega-3 fatty acids, an intake equivalent to >= 1 fish meal weekly or even monthly, with greater intakes decreasing risk further in a dose-dependent manner, up to about 5 servings per week. Fish, including farm-raised fish and their wild counterparts, are the major dietary sources of the longer-chain omega-3 fatty acids. Sources of plant-derived omega-3 fatty acids include flaxseed, flaxseed oil, walnuts, canola oil, and soybean oil. Because of the remarkable cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids, consumption of food sources that provide omega-3 fatty acids - especially the longer-chain fatty acids (>= 20 carbons) from marine sources-should be increased in the diet to decrease CVD risk significantly. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary alpha-linolenic acid on blood inflammatory markers: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Purpose The aim of the current meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of increasing dietary ALA intake on the blood concentration of inflammatory markers including tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin 6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) in adults.
Marine omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and prevention of cardiovascular disease: update on the randomized trial evidence; To date, the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is the only large-scale randomized trial of marine omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) supplementation for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in a general population unselected for elevated cardiovascular risk. We review the findings of VITAL, as well as results from recent secondary prevention trials and updated meta-analyses of n-3 FA trials in the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. In VITAL, a nationwide sample of 25 871 US adults aged 50 and older, including 5106 African Americans, were randomized in a 2 x 2 factorial design to n-3 FAs (1 g/day; 1.2:1 ratio of eicosapentaenoic to docosahexaenoic acid) and vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/day) for a median of 5.3 years. Compared with an olive oil placebo, the n-3 FA intervention did not significantly reduce the primary endpoint of major CVD events [composite of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and CVD mortality; hazard ratio (HR) = 0.92 (95% confidence interval 0.80-1.06)] but did significantly reduce total MI [HR = 0.72 (0.59-0.90)], percutaneous coronary intervention [HR = 0.78 (0.63-0.95)], fatal MI [HR = 0.50 (0.26-0.97)], and recurrent (but not first) hospitalization for heart failure [HR = 0.86 (0.74-0.998)]. The intervention neither decreased nor increased risk of atrial fibrillation. African Americans derived the greatest treatment benefit for MI and for recurrent hospitalization for heart failure (P interaction < 0.05 for both outcomes). Meta-analyses that include VITAL and high-risk or secondary prevention n-3 FA trials show coronary, but generally not stroke, risk reduction. More research is needed to determine which individuals may be most likely to derive net benefit. (VITAL clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01169259).
Health benefits of omega-3-fatty acids and the contribution of products from mountain pastures to the supply; alpha-Linolenic acid [ALA] and linoleic acid [LA] are essential fatty acids, used by the body to assemble two different series of long chain [LC] polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]. However, the rate of conversion of ALA to EPA [eicosapentaenoic acid] and DHA [docosahexaenoic acid] is very low. Because of this Low rate of conversion, it is recommended that 300-400 mg EPA and DHA should be consumed per day. There have been many publications about the correlation between low rates of cardiovascular disease [CVD] and high levels of consumption of fish or fish oil. In contrast, there is only Limited evidence of a direct effect of ALA on the risk of CVD. It is most often suggested that there may be an indirect effect of ALA, as a precursor of n-3 LC PUFA. People living in Switzerland and neighbouring areas do not eat much fatty sea fish [the source of n-3 LC PUFA]. As a consequence, milk and meat products wilt make some contribution to the recommended quantity of n-3 fatty acids. Products from high mountain pastures are richer in ALA, EPA and DHA, because of the greater proportion of pasture feeding. The n-3 PUFA concentration in animal products is much higher with pasture feeding than with a high proportion of concentrated feed. Nevertheless, these quantities are not large enough to provide a substantial nutritional or physiological contribution to the supply of ALA or LC PUFA.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cognitive function in women; Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) could play an important role in maintaining cognitive function in aging individuals. The omega-3 FA docosahexaenoic acid is a major constituent of neuronal membranes and, along with the other long-chain omega-3 FAs from fish such as eicosapentaentoic acid, has been shown to have a wide variety of beneficial effects on neuronal functioning, inflammation, oxidation and cell death, as well as on the development of the characteristic pathology of Alzheimer's disease. Omega-3 FAs may prevent vascular dementia via salutary effects on lipids, inflammation, thrombosis and vascular function. Epidemiologic studies have generally supported a protective association between fish and omega-3 FA levels and cognitive decline. Some of the small, short-term, randomized trials of docosahexaenoic acid and/or eicosapentaentoic acid supplementation have found positive effects on some aspects of cognition in older adults who were cognitively intact or had mild cognitive impairment, although little effect was found in participants with Alzheimer's disease. Large, long-term trials in this area are needed.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation for patients with cardiovascular disease risks: a dose-response meta-analysis; Background: Previous studies assessing the impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) have shown conflicting results in regard to the cardiovascular mortality. It is likely that higher dose of omega-3 PUFA would have a greater effect on the major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). Therefore, we performed a doseresponse meta-analysis to explore the potential protective effect of omega-3 PUFA, with the increase of daily intake and extension of the intervention period, on patients with cardiovascular disease risks. Outcomes included major adverse cardiovascular events, cardiovascular and all-cause mortality. Methods: A systematic literature search of PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 31, 2019 was conducted to identify the randomized controlled trails (RCTs) of omega-3 PUFA supplementation, which reported cardiovascular events or deaths and recruited no less than 500 participants. We evaluated the effect of omega-3 PUFA through the pooled relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI), and further carried out subgroup analysis and dose-response metaanalysis. Results: Fourteen trials including 87718 individuals were reviewed. By conventional statistical significance, there was no apparent difference between the two groups on major adverse cardiovascular effects (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.84-1.04) and all-cause mortality (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.91-1.00), but there was an effect on the cardiovascular mortality (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.88-0.99). However, with the dose increased and intervention period prolonged (daily dose x intervention period > 8 grams/day x years), subgroup analyses showed a more obvious reduction of MACEs (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.65-0.95) and all-cause mortality (RR 0.93, 95%C10.85-1.03). Furthermore, the dose-response meta-analysis presented a 13.05% reduction of MACEs and 8.99% reduction of all-cause mortality with 10 grams/day x years increments. Conclusions: Updated with the newly published RCTs, this meta-analysis indicated that large dose and long period of interventions with omega-3 PUFA supplementation produce a close association with MACEs and cardiovascular or all-cause mortality. A dose-response beneficial effect was preliminarily established.
The use of omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of patients with cardiac arrhythmiasruss; Antiarrhythmic effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA), eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids in patients with recurrent atrial fibrillation and ventricular arrhythmias had been proven. The positive effect of the omega-3 PUFA on the risk of sudden arrhythmic death and overall mortality in the patients after myocardial infarction and patients with chronic heart failure had been also proven.
Tissue omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio and risk for coronary artery disease; A ratio that estimates tissue proportions of omega-6 fatty acids (linoleic acid and/or arachidonic acid [AA]) and omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA], docosahexaenoic acid [DHA], and/or alpha-linolenic acid) has been proposed as a biomarker of risk for coronary artery disease (CAD). Use of an omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio instead of either fatty acid class alone is based on theoretical reasons and has not been validated. The relationship between risk for CAD events and tissue omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid composition was evaluated by pooling data from case-control or prospective cohort studies that examined the risk for CAD end points as a function of tissue fatty acid composition. Thirteen studies were included, 11 case-control and 2 prospective cohort studies, and case-control differences in computed averages of several fatty acids and fatty acid ratios were compared. The largest and most consistent difference was for the sum of EPA + DHA (-11% in cases, p = 0.002). Proportions of EPA, DHA, and AA were about 8% lower in cases, but none of these differences was significant. Total omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids were lower by 7% and 4%, respectively, in cases versus controls, but only the total omega-3 fatty acid difference was significant. The AA/EPA ratio was nonsignificantly lower by 10% in cases. Fatty acid ratios generally failed to distinguish cases from controls, and any discriminatory power they had derived from the omega-3 fatty acid component. Tissue EPA + DHA appears to be the best fatty acid metric for evaluating for CAD risk. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardioprotective effect of resveratrol analogue isorhapontigenin versus omega-3 fatty acids in isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats; Myocardial infarction (MI) is a common cause of mortality worldwide. Isorhapontigenin is a derivative of stilbene with chemical structure similar to resveratrol. The omega-3 fatty acids (FA) have beneficial effects on neurodegenerative, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of pretreatment with isorhapontigenin and omega-3 FA on rat model of isoproterenol-induced MI. Fifty-six rats were divided into seven groups: normal, normal + isorhapontigenin, normal + omega-3 FA, MI, MI + isorhapontigenin, MI + omega-3 FA, and MI + isorhapontigenin + omega-3 FA. Serum levels of cardiac marker enzymes [lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB)], cardiac troponin I (cTnI), inflammatory markers [tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6], and lipid profile [triglycerides, total cholesterol (T.Ch), high and low density lipoproteins (HDL, LDL), and phospholipids] as well as cardiac levels of malondialdehyde and anti-oxidants [reduced glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and catalase)] were measured in all rats. ECG and histopathological examination were performed. Isoproterenol caused a significant elevation of ST segment, decreased R wave amplitude, HDL, and anti-oxidants, and increased LDH, CK-MB, cTnI, TNF-alpha, interleukin-6, malondialdehyde, triglycerides, T.Ch, LDL, and phospholipids. Omega-3 FA or isorhapontigenin significantly decreased the ST segment elevation, LDH, CK-MB, cTnI, TNF-alpha, interleukin-6, malondialdehyde, and phospholipids and increased R wave amplitude and anti-oxidants. The effects of combined omega-3 FA and isorhapontigenin were more significant than either of them alone. Therefore, we conclude that omega-3 FA and isorhapontigenin have a cardioprotective effect on rats with isoproterenol-induced MI through their anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid on major cardiovascular outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The effects of omega-3 fatty acid on cardiovascular health obtained inconsistent results. A systematic review and meta-analysis were therefore conducted to assess the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for primary and secondary prevention strategies of major cardiovascular outcomes. Methods: The databases of PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane library were systematically searched from their inception until September 2020. Relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals were used to assess effect estimates by using the random-effects model. Results: Twenty-eight randomized controlled trials involving 136,965 individuals were selected for the final meta-analysis. Omega-3 fatty acid was noted to be associated with a lower risk of major cardiovascular events (RR, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.89-1.00; P = .049) and cardiac death (RR, 0.92; 95% CI, 0.85-0.99; P = .022). However, no significant differences was noted between omega-3 fatty acid and the control for the risks of all-cause mortality (RR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.92-1.03; P = .301), myocardial infarction (RR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.80-1.01; P = .077), and stroke (RR, 1.02; 95% CI, 0.94-1.11; P = .694). Conclusions: Major cardiovascular events and cardiac death risks could be avoided with the use of omega-3 fatty acid. However, it has no significant effects on the risk of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, and stroke.
Diacylglycerol Enhances the Effects of Alpha-Linolenic Acid Against Visceral Fat: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: To investigate the effect of alpha-linolenic acid-rich diacylglycerol (ALA-DAG) compared with alpha-linolenic acid-rich triacylglycerol (ALA-TAG) on visceral fat area (VFA) in people with overweight.
Omega-3 fatty acids and sudden arrhythmic death; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in developed countries. In Canada, in 1999, cardiovascular disease was responsible for 36% of all deaths. Ischemic heart disease accounts for the greatest percentage of these deaths (20% of all deaths), half of which are due to the acute effects of myocardial infarction. The other half are related to the late manifestations and complications of myocardial infarction [1]. Once coronary arteriosclerosis has reached the point where it results in myocardial infarction, two main complications can ensue, loss of myocardial function and disturbance of cardiac rhythm. Progressive loss of myocardial pump function results in the syndrome of congestive heart failure. Abnormalities of the heart rhythm result in ventricular fibrillation, which is the direct cause of sudden death. Congestive heart failure rates have been easy to track because of the frequent need for hospitalization and we know from analysis of administrative databases that the annual rate of death from heart failure is about 2.5% in Canada [1]. Sudden death, however most often occurs at home and without warning, making it much more difficult to quantitate its impact. However, the most conservative estimates suggest that no less than 25% of deaths in patients with a diagnosis of ischemic heart disease are due to ventricular fibrillation [2, 3].
Cheek cell fatty acids reflect <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in blood fractions during linseed oil supplementation: a controlled human intervention study; Background: Adequate biomarkers for the dietary supply of fatty acids (FA) are FA of adipose tissue and blood fractions. In human studies, invasive sample collection is unpleasant for subjects. In contrast, cheek cell sampling can be considered as a non-invasive alternative to investigate FA status. The aim of this study was to analyze whether cheek cell FA composition reflect the supplementation of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) using a linseed oil mixture compared to olive oil supplementation. Additionally, it was investigated if cheek cell FA composition correlates with the FA composition of plasma, red blood cells (RBC) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) before and during both interventions.
Association between omega-3 fatty acids intake and muscle strength in older adults: A study from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2002; Background: Muscle strength is a predictor of mortality in older adults and some dietary components are associated with this variable; however, little is known about the association between omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) intake and strength in older adults.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Oxylipins in a Routine Clinical Setting; Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-6 PUFA) is the predominant polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), especially in Western diet. A high omega-6/omega-3 ratio in Western diets is implicated in the development of cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory processes. Studies in animal models and in humans have demonstrated beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFA (n-3 PUFA) in a variety of diseases, including cardiac arrhythmias and inflammatory diseases, as well as breast and colon cancer. The molecular mechanisms underlying the effects of n-3 PUFA are still not well understood. Possible mechanisms include competition between n-3 and n-6 PUFAs at the cyclooxygenase (COX) and lipoxygenase (LOX) and cytochrome P450 levels, and subsequent formation of oxylipins with specific anti-inflammatory or anti-arrhythmic effects. In this study, we report the impact of routine long-term treatment with prescription-grade n-3 PUFA (either 840 mg or 1680 mg per day) on blood cell membrane fatty acid composition, as well as plasma oxylipin patterns, in a patient population with severe hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular disease who are on standard lipid-lowering and cardioprotective medications. Lipidomics analyses were performed by LC/ESI-MS/MS. Supplementation led to a dose-dependent increase in n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the blood cell fraction. We also observed a dose-dependent increase in EPA- and DHA-derived epoxy metabolites, whereas the effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation on LOX-dependent EPA- and DHA-derived hydroxy metabolites was less pronounced, with a tendency towards lower metabolites in subjects with higher n-3 PUFA levels. These data thus generally confirm effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation observed previously in healthy individuals. Additionally, they indicate a suppressive effect of high n-3 PUFA supplementation on the formation of LOX metabolites in the context of concomitant aspirin medication.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), are a type of polyunsaturated fatty acids with many purported beneficial health effects including the prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) events. Omega-3 fatty acid intake may be supplemented via dietary sources, as well as prescription or non-prescription products. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce serum triglycerides, but there remains ongoing debate regarding the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with established, or at risk of, ASCVD. Recent evidence from randomized, placebo-controlled trials has demonstrated that low-dose (1 g daily or less) omega-3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA) do not reduce cardiovascular events or death in patients with or without established ASCVD. Contrarily, the REDUCE-IT trial demonstrated that a purified form of EPA ethyl esters (icosapent ethyl) at 4 g daily reduced cardiovascular events and death in patients with ASCVD (or diabetes and multiple cardiovascular risk factors) and elevated triglycerides on background statin therapy. However, 4 g daily of omega-3 carboxylic acids (DHA and EPA) did not show a cardiovascular benefit in the STRENGTH trial, which enrolled a similar population. The explanation for this observed discrepancy remains a source of contention and discourse. For now, icosapent ethyl has the most compelling evidence to support a cardiovascular benefit and should be considered in select patients who meet the REDUCE-IT criteria. Furthermore, alternative versions of omega-3 fatty acids should not be considered equivalent to icosapent ethyl. Patients taking an omega-3 fatty acid supplement should be monitored for potential adverse effects, including gastrointestinal disorders or bleeding, in addition to a possible increased risk of atrial fibrillation.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids: How Can They Be Used in Secondary Prevention?; Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are divided into long-chain fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]), which are found in fatty fish, and intermediate-chain FAs (alpha-linolenic acid), which are found in vegetable oils. Omega-3 FAs favorably modulate a variety of vascular risk factors and also exert antiarrhythmic effects. Epidemiologic data suggest that increased consumption of marine omega-3 FAs is associated with reduced coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality. Randomized controlled studies also show that supplementation with EPA and DHA reduces CHD risk, primarily in the secondary prevention setting. Data are more limited on the efficacy of marine omega-3 FAs for the primary prevention of CHD and on the role of alpha-linolenic acid. Increased intake of EPA and DHA represents a valuable tool for vascular disease prevention and should be recommended in all patients with CHD.
Various Effects of Omega 3 and Omega 3 Plus Vitamin E Supplementations on Serum Glucose Level and Insulin Resistance in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease; Background: Omega 3 and vitamin E are two critical nutrients which include beneficial effects in coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this study was to assess the effects of omega 3 alone supplementation or in combination with vitamin E on serum glucose and lipid levels and insulin resistance in CAD patients.
Omega-3 fatty acids for cystic fibrosis; Background Studies suggest that a diet rich in omega-3 essential fatty acids may have beneficial anti-inflammatory effects for chronic conditions such as cystic fibrosis.
Omega-3 Ethylester Concentrate A Review of its Use in Secondary Prevention Post-Myocardial Infarction and the Treatment of Hypertriglyceridaemia; Oral omega-3 ethylester concentrate (omega-3 EEC) [Omacor(R); Lovaza(TM)] is indicated as an adjuvant therapy in adult patients for secondary prevention post-myocardial infarction (MI) and the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia in the majority of European countries, and for the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia (serum triglyceride levels >= 5.6 mmol/L [>= 500 mg/dL]) in the US. Each 1000 mg capsule of omega-3 EEC consists of 460 mg of ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid and 380 mg of ethyl docosahexaenoic acid.
Omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention and control of cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease is one of the main causes of death in developed countries. Several factors are involved in its appearance and progress, among which nutrition enjoys a certain protagonism. Until recently, the dietetic criteria for preventing and controlling cardiovascular disease were mainly restrictive (at least in terms of energy and fat intake), but such advice is difficult to follow, and without careful monitoring can lead to deficiencies that might negatively affect quality of life and perhaps even life expectancy. Several investigations show that some components of the lipid fraction of the diet, such as omega-3 fatty acids, are beneficial with respect to cardiovascular disease, and these have become the Centre of much attention. This paper reviews the results of some of these studies and evaluates the benefit of these fatty acids in the prevention of coronary heart disease. The sources of omega-3 fatty acids, their recommended consumption, possible mechanisms of action and potential adverse effects are discussed.
Digital Technology Tools to Examine Patient Adherence to a Prescription-Only Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Therapy To Mitigate Cardiovascular Risk: Protocol for a Prospective Observational Study and Preliminary Demographic Analysis; Background: Sustained adherence and persistence with prescription medications is considered essential to achieve maximal treatment benefit for patients with major chronic, noncommunicable diseases such as hyperlipidemia and lipid-associated cardiovascular disease. It is widely documented, however, that many patients with these conditions have poor long-term adherence to their treatments. The population of Russia is affected by poor adherence in the same ways as populations elsewhere and continues to have high rates of cardiovascular disease.
<i>n</i>-3 fatty acids, cardiac arrhythmia and fatal coronary heart disease; n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are suggested to prevent cardiac death via inhibition of cardiac arrhythmia. In this review we discuss the results of human studies on intake of n-3 PUFAs and heart disease and, more specifically, on cardiac arrhythmia.
α-Linolenic acid attenuates high glucose-induced apoptosis in cultured human, umbilical vein endothelial cells via PI3K/Akt/eNOS pathway; Objective: High glucose-induced apoptosis in vascular endothelial cells contributes to the acceleration of atherosclerosis associated with diabetes. We hypothesized that a-linolenic acid (ALA) might attenuate high glucose-induced apoptosis in cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs).
Omega-3 fatty acids in inflammation and autoimmune diseases; Among the fatty acids, it is the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) which possess the most potent immunomodulatory activities, and among the omega-3 PUFA, those from fish oil-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-are more biologically potent than alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). Some of the effects of omega-3 PUFA are brought about by modulation of the amount and types of eicosanoids made, and other effects are elicited by eicosanoid-independent mechanisms, including actions upon intracellular signaling pathways, transcription factor activity and gene expression. Animal experiments and clinical intervention studies indicate that omega-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory properties and, therefore, might be useful in the management of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Coronary heart disease, major depression, aging and cancer are characterized by an increased level of interleukin 1 (IL-1), a proinflammatory cytokine. Similarly, arthritis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis and lupus erythematosis are autoinumme diseases characterized by a high level of IL-1 and the proinflammatory leukotriene LTB4 produced by omega-6 fatty acids. There have been a number of clinical trials assessing the benefits of dietary supplementation with fish oils in several inflammatory and autoimmune diseases in humans, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, psoriasis, lupus erythematosus, multiple sclerosis and migraine headaches. Many of the placebo-controlled trials of fish oil in chronic inflammatory diseases reveal significant benefit, including decreased disease activity and a lowered use of anti-inflammatory drugs.
Evidence for the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids; OBJECTIVE: To review available literature regarding the cardiovascular effects of marine-derived Omega-3 fatty acids and evaluate the benefit of these fatty acids in the prevention of coronary heart disease.
Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) and Long Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Clinical Relevance for the Cardiovascular System; Background: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an end product formed from the omega-3 fatty acids derived from alpha-linolenic acid. DHA has various important functions in the organism. Objective: To conduct a systematic review of the clinical significance of long chain omega-3 fatty acids for the cardiovascular system. Methods: Systematic analysis and evaluation of human studies - including prospective double blind studies, epidemiological and retrospective studies, short term biochemical and haematological studies with surrogate markers - performed in the last 10 years and found in the major electronic databases, coupled to information in standard works and published monographs. Results and Conclusions: DHA and long chain omega-3 fatty acids can be used to counteract hypertriglyceridaemia and as adjuvants to statins or fibrates. They are indicated for the primary prevention of myocardial infarction, where there may be additional benefits such as reduction in blood pressure. They also provide benefits in the secondary prevention of myocardial infarction. DHA/EPA preparations have been approved in various countries for secondary prophylaxis after a myocardial infarction. Myocardial infarction prophylaxis must nevertheless be embedded in additional therapeutic and dietetic measures and in changes in life style. The American Heart Association recommends that ca. 1g DHA/EPA should be taken daily under medical supervision in the form of fish and/or a supplement.
Habitual Fish Consumption, n-3 Fatty Acids, and Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Lipoprotein Subfractions in Women; Background Supplementation with omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid or dietary fish may protect against atherosclerosis, but the potential mechanisms are unclear. Prior studies found modest triglyceride-lowering effects and slight increases in LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol. Limited evidence has examined n-3 effects on more detailed lipoprotein biomarkers.
N-6 and n-3 fatty acid cholesteryl esters in relation to incident stroke in a Dutch adult population: A nested case-control study; Background and aims: There are few prospective studies on fatty acid status in relation to incident stroke, with inconsistent results. We assessed the associations of plasma n-6 and n-3 PUFA in cholesteryl esters with the risk of total stroke and stroke subtypes in Dutch adults.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of fish oil and mustard oil in patients with suspected acute myocardial infarction: The Indian experiment of infarct survival .4.; In a randomized, placebo-controlled Mel, the effects of treatment with fish oil (eicosapentaenoic acid, 1.08 g/day) and mustard oil (alpha-linolenic acid, 2.9 g/day) were compared for 1 year in the management of 122 patients (fish oil, group A), 120 patients (mustard oil, group B), and 118 patients (placebo, group C) with suspected acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Treatments were administered about (mean) 18 hours after the symptoms of AMI in all three groups. The extent of cardiac disease, rise in cardiac enzymes, and lipid peroxides were comparable among the groups at entry into the study. After 1 year total cardiac events were significantly less in the fish oil and mustard oil groups compared with the placebo group (24.5% and 28% vs. 34.7%,p < 0.01). Nonfatal infarctions were also significantly less in the fish oil and mustard oil groups compared with the placebo group (13.0% and 15.0% vs. 25.4%,p < 0.05). Total cardiac deaths showed no significant reduction in the mustard oil group; however, the fish oil group had significantly less cardiac deaths compared with the placebo group (11.4% vs. 22.0%, p < 0.05). Apart from the decrease in the cardiac event rate, the fish oil and mustard oil groups also showed a significant reduction in total cardiac arrhythmias, left ventricular enlargement, and angina pectoris compared with the placebo group. Reductions in blood Lipoproteins in the two intervention groups were modest and do not appear to be the cause of the benefit in the two groups. Diene conjugates showed a significant reduction in the fish oil and mustard oil groups, indicating that a part of the benefit may be caused by the reduction in oxidative stress. The findings of this study suggest that fish oil and mustard oil, possibly due to the presence of n-3 fatty acids, may provide rapid protective effects in patients with AMI. However, a large study is necessary to confirm this suggestion.
THE EFFECTS OF DIETARY ALPHA-LINOLENIC ACID ON THE COMPOSITION OF NERVE MEMBRANES, ENZYMATIC-ACTIVITY, AMPLITUDE OF ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL PARAMETERS, RESISTANCE TO POISONS AND PERFORMANCE OF LEARNING-TASKS IN RATS; Feeding rats diets containing oils that have a low .alpha.-linolenic acid [18:3(n-3)] content, such as sunflower oil, results in reduced amounts of docosahexaenoic acid [22:6(n-3)] and increased amounts of docosapentaenoic acid [22:5(n-6)] in all brain cells and organelles compared to rats fed a diet containing soybean oil or rapeseed oil. During the period of cerebral development there is a linear relationship between the n-3 fatty acid content of the brain and that of food until .alpha.-linolenic  acid represents .apprx. 200 mg/100 g food [0.4% of the total dietary energy for 18:3(n-3)]. Beyond that point brain levels reach a plateau. Similar values are also found for other organs. The level of 22:6(n-3) in membranes is little affected by the dietary quantity of linoleic acid [18:2(n-6)] if 18:3(n-3) represents .apprx. 0.4% of energy. In membranes from rats fed diets containing sunflower oil, Na+, K+-ATPase activity in nerve terminals was 60%, 5''-nucleotidase in whole brain homogenate was 80%, and 2'',3''-cyclic nucleotide 3''-phosphodiesterase was 88% of that in membranes from rats fed diets containing soybean oil. A diet low in .alpha.-linolenic acid leads to anomalies in the electroretinogram, which partially diappear with age. It has little effect on motor activity, but it seriously affects learning tasks as measured with the shuttle box test. Rats fed a diet low in .alpha.-linolenic acid showed an earlier mortality in response to an intraperitoneal injection of a neurotoxin,  triethyltin, than did rats fed a normal soybean oil diet.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Kidney Function after Myocardial Infarction: The Alpha Omega Trial; Background and objectives Kidney function gradually decreases with age, and myocardial infarction accelerates this deterioration. Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids may slow down the decline of kidney function. The effect of marine and plant-derived n-3 fatty acids on kidney function in patients after myocardial infarction was examined.
A 24-year prospective study of dietary -linolenic acid and lethal prostate cancer; Several meta-analyses have attempted to determine the relationships between intake of -linolenic acid (ALA) and prostate cancer, but results were inconclusive. 47,885 men aged 40-75 years without prior cancer in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study were prospectively followed from 1986 to 2010. Intake of ALA was determined from validated food frequency questionnaires every 4 years. We used multivariate Cox proportional hazards models to estimate hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for lethal prostate cancer (distant metastasis or prostate cancer death). 386 lethal prostate cancers were diagnosed in the pre-PSA era (before February, 1994) and 403 cancers in the PSA era. Intake of ALA was associated with increased risk of lethal prostate cancer in the pre-PSA era (comparing top to bottom quintile of intake, multivariate-adjusted HR=1.78; 95% CI=1.22-2.06; p(trend)=0.003), but not in the PSA era (HR=0.81; 95% CI=0.56-1.17; p(trend)=0.53), and the difference in associations was statistically significant (p for interaction=0.02). Mayonnaise, a primary food source of ALA intake in our cohort, was likewise only significantly associated with lethal prostate cancer in the pre-PSA era. Among many other fatty acids that are correlated with ALA due to shared food sources, none was associated with lethal prostate cancer in the pre-PSA era. In conclusion, higher intake of ALA was associated with an increased risk of lethal prostate cancer in the pre-PSA era, but not in the PSA era. Potential reasons for the differential associations warrant further investigation.
An inverse relationship between plasma n-3 fatty acids and C-reactive protein in healthy individuals; High sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) is a marker of low-grade sustained inflammation. Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have anti-inflammatory properties and are associated with reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The aim of this study was to investigate whether plasma n-3 fatty acid concentration is related to hs-CRP concentration. A total of 124 free-living adults, were divided into tertiles of plasma hs-CRP (<1.0, 1.0-3.0 and >3.0 mg/l). Body composition and anthropometric measurements were recorded. Hs-CRP was analysed using immunoassays and fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography. Plasma hs-CRP concentration was negatively correlated with total n-3 fatty acids (P=0.05), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; P=0.002) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA; P=0.01). The highest hs-CRP tertile (>3.0 mg/l) had significantly lower concentrations of total n-3 fatty acids, EPA and DPA, when compared with the other tertiles (P<0.05). This study provides evidence that in healthy individuals, plasma n-3 fatty acid concentration is inversely related to hs-CRP concentration, a surrogate marker of CVD risk. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2009) 63, 1154-1156; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2009.20; published online 8 April 2009
Omega-3 index and prognosis in acute coronary chest pain patients with a low dietary intake of omega-3; Background. The omega-3 index (eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid) content in red blood cell membranes has been suggested as a novel risk marker for cardiac death. Objective. To assess the ability of the omega-3 index to predict all-cause mortality, cardiac death and sudden cardiac death following hospitalization with an acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and to include arachidonic acid (AA) in risk assessment. Material and methods. The omega-3 index was measured in 572 consecutive patients (median 63 years and 59% males) admitted with chest pain and suspected ACS in an inland Northern Argentinean city with a dietary habit that was essentially based on red meat and a low intake of fish. Clinical endpoints were collected during a 5-year follow-up period, median 3.6 years, range 1 day to 5.5 years. Stepwise Cox regression analysis was employed to compare the rate of new events in the quartiles of the omega-3 index measured at inclusion. Multivariable analysis was performed. Results. No statistical significant differences in baseline characteristics were noted between quartiles of the omega-3 index. The median of the adjusted omega-3 index was 3.6%. During the follow-up period, 100 (17.5%) patients died. Event rates were similar in all quartiles of the omega-3 index, with no statistical significant differences. AA added no prognostic information. Conclusion. In a population with a low intake of fish and fish oils, the adjusted omega-3 index did not predict fatal events following hospitalization in patients with acute chest pain and suspected ACS.
Association between Plasma Omega-3 and Handgrip Strength According to Glycohemoglobin Levels in Older Adults: Results from NHANES 2011-2012; Background: Low muscle strength is a predictor of mortality in older adults. Although the evidence concerning hyperglycemia is limited, evidence shows that omega-3 (omega-3) intake may be positively associated with muscle strength. However, the association between plasma omega-3 and muscle strength in older adults according to glycohemoglobin (HbA1c) levels has not yet been investigated. Objective: To evaluate whether plasma omega-3 levels are associated with handgrip strength in individuals over 50 years according to HbA1c levels. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 950 older adults (50-85 years) from NHANES 2011-2012. Linear regression analysis was performed to evaluate the association between plasma omega-3 and handgrip strength in individuals with elevated (>= 5.7%) or normal HbA1c levels after adjustments for confounders. Results: Total plasma omega-3, docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and alpha-linolenic acid were not associated with handgrip strength in older adults regardless of HbA1c levels. Conclusion: Plasma omega-3 levels are not associated with handgrip strength in individuals over 50 years old independent of HbA1c levels.
Role of n-3 series polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiovascular disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease is a major cause of morbidity and mortality - worldwide. Its prevention through a healthy lifestyle and appropriate diet is important. Omega- 3 - polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) therapy has shown promise in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. This commentary discusses the nutritional role of n-3 PUFA, including its metabolism and physiological role, comparison with n-6 series PUFA, as well as complications due to deficiency. Clinical use of n-3 PUFA for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, recommended intake, and potential adverse effects will also be examined. The available scientific evidence suggests that its supplementation and clinical use ranging from 0.4 to 1 g/day can provide tangible benefits. However, further studies are required to determine optimal dosing and the relative ratio of docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid that provides maximal cardioprotection and treatment of cardiovascular disease.
A case-control pilot study on n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid as a negative risk factor for myocardial infarction; The relation between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and nonfatal myocardial infarction is still controversial.
Marine Omega-3 Supplementation and Cardiovascular Disease: An Updated Meta-Analysis of 13 Randomized Controlled Trials Involving 127 477 Participants; Background-Whether marine omega-3 supplementation is associated with reduction in risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains controversial.
Associations of dietary linoleic acid and alpha linolenic acid intake with cardiovascular, cancer and all-cause mortalities in patients with diabetes: NHANES 1999-2008; Objective To investigate the association between the dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) and alpha linolenic acid (ALA) with mortality outcomes in patients with diabetes.Participants 3,112 U.S. adults aged >= 20 years.Setting Basic information was collected at baseline of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Serum CRP (mg/dL), total protein (g/L), waist circumference (cm), fasting blood glucose (mmol/L), white blood cell count, serum LDL-C, and serum HDL-C were also measured. Daily diets were also recorded using a 24-hour dietary review to produce the individuals' intake of LA and ALA. The association between tertiles of LA and ALA intake with mortality was analyzed by weighted Cox models adjusted for the main confounders.Main outcome measures The study included 3,112 adults with diabetes from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 1999 to 2008. Death outcomes were ascertained by linkage to the database records through 31 December 2015.Results Subjects with a high intake of LA (T3) had 17% [hazard ratio (HR) 0.83, 95% CI 0.70 to 0.99) and 48% (HR=0.52, 0.35 to 0.80)] reductions in all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality, respectively, compared with subjects with lowest intake (T1). Similar results were observed for ALA, HR of cardiovascular mortality was 0.55 (0.38 to 0.81) and for all-cause mortality was 0.85 (0.69 to 1.04) comparing the highest to lowest intake tertiles.Conclusion Higher intakes of LA and ALA were inversely associated with CVD and all-cause deaths in patients with diabetes. Proper dietary intakes of LA and ALA could contribute to the cardiovascular health and the long-term survival of patients with diabetes.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Health: A Comprehensive Review; The potential cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) benefits of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (OM3) have been intensely studied and debated for decades. Initial trials were performed in patients with low use of maximal medical therapy for CVD, and reported significant mortality benefits with the use of 1 g/day OM3 intervention following myocardial infarction (MI). More recent studies, including cohorts of patients receiving modern guideline directed medical therapy for CVD, have often not shown similar benefits with OM3 use. We conducted a literature review using PubMed, professional society guidelines, specific journal databases including New England Journal of Medicine and Journal of the American College of Cardiology from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2017. References from selected articles were also reviewed, as well as key articles outside of the selected time frame for their important findings or historical perspectives.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and HDL. How Do They Work in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) from marine origin have been strongly associated with cardiovascular protection, even at low doses (< 1g/d). Despite the research performed in this promising area, basic aspects, such as the ideal doses and the mechanisms by which omega-3 PUFAs act, are not precisely defined. The best known biological property of omega-3 PUFAs is their hypotriglyceridemic effect, but other cardioprotective actions, such as reduction of arrhythmia susceptibility, antithrombotic, antiinflammatory and antioxidant effects, improvement of endothelial function, and delayed atherosclerosis development have received an increased interest in recent years. Some of these actions are also ascribable to high-density lipoproteins (HDL). Abundant epidemiological evidence links increasing HDL-cholesterol concentrations to cardiovascular protection. Recently, the protein cargo (proteome) of HDL particles has been attributed a key role in their functionality. In this review, we summarize the main effects of omega-3 PUFAs on HDL-cholesterol, HDL subfractions, and its main proteins, apolipoproteins (apo) AI and AII. The shared cardioprotective actions of omega-3 PUFAs and HDL are reviewed as well.
Secondary prevention of coronary artery disease with omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acid therapy is a promising intervention for the secondary prevention of coronary artery disease (CAD). Omega-3 fatty acids have properties that promote atherosclerotic plaque stability and decrease the, incidence of ischemia-driven cardiac arrhythmias. A large number of clinical trials conducted in patients with CAD or prior myocardial infarction (MI) have examined hard cardiovascular end points, including total mortality, cardiovascular mortality, sudden death, and nonfatal MI. Several intermediate cardiovascular end-point studies have also examined whether ventricular arrhythmias can be suppressed in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs). Significant reductions in total mortality and sudden death-20% to 50%-have been found in studies using doses of 0.85 to 4.0 g/day, with treatment durations from 12 to 42 months. Favorable trends toward reduction in the incidence of arrhythmic events have been demonstrated in some, but not all, ICD studies. Omega-3 fatty acid therapy shows a general positive trend toward benefit in reducing life-threatening events after MI and in patients with ICDs who have ischemic arrhythmias. Results of the recent Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS) in a large cohort (N = 18,645) of Japanese men and women suggest significant benefits in the reduction of unstable angina and nonfatal coronary events. The totality of evidence supports a strong role for omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil in secondary prevention through a presumptive role as an antiarrhythmic agent and through an ability to promote plaque stabilization. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids for cystic fibrosis; Background
Novel developments in omega-3 fatty acid-based strategies; Purpose of review
Reduced auditory acuity in rat pups from excess and deficient omega-3 fatty acid consumption by the mother; Consumption of the nutrients omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) during pregnancy and lactation is considered beneficial to fetal and infant development. It may also reduce the incidence and severity of preterm births by prolonging gestational length. However several recent human and animal studies have reported that over-supplementation with omega-3 FA, especially in the form of fish oil, can have adverse effects on fetal and infant development and the auditory brainstem response (ABR). Our goal was to assess further the effects of omega-3 FA excess and deficiency during pregnancy and lactation on the offspring's auditory acuity as evidenced by their ABR thresholds. Female Wistar rats were given diets that were either deficient, adequate (control) or excess in omega-3 FA from day 1 of pregnancy through lactation. The offspring were ABR-tested at the postnatal age of 24 days. The rat pups in the Excess treatment condition had significantly elevated (worse) ABR thresholds, postnatal growth restriction, and a trend for increased postnatal mortality in comparison to the Control group. The Deficient group was intermediate. In conclusion, excess or deficient amounts of omega-3 FA during pregnancy and lactation in the laboratory rat adversely affected the offspring's auditory acuity. Postnatal thriving was also adversely affected. Consuming or administering large or inadequate amounts of omega-3 FA during pregnancy and lactation seems inadvisable because of the potential for adverse effects on infant development. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Diseases; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) therapy continues to show great promise in primary and, particularly in secondary prevention of cardiovascular (CV) diseases. The most compelling evidence for CV benefits of omega-3 PUFA comes from 4 controlled trials of nearly 40,000 participants randomized to receive eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with or without docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in studies of patients in primary prevention, after myocardial infarction, and most recently, with heart failure (HF). We discuss the evidence from retrospective epidemiologic studies and from large randomized controlled trials showing the benefits of omega-3 PUFA, specifically EPA and DHA, in primary and secondary CV prevention and provide insight into potential mechanisms of these observed benefits. The target EPA + DHA consumption should be at least 500 mg/day for individuals without underlying overt CV disease and at least 800 to 1,000 mg/day for individuals with known coronary heart disease and HF. Further studies are needed to determine optimal dosing and the relative ratio of DHA and EPA omega-3 PUFA that provides maximal cardioprotection in those at risk of CV disease as well in the treatment of atherosclerotic, arrhythmic, and primary myocardial disorders. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2009; 54: 585-94) (C) 2009 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake and Mortality in CKD Population: A 1999-2014 NHANES Analysis; Introduction: High risk of early death, especially contributed to cardiovascular disease, exists in patients who have chronic kidney disease (CKD). And the burden of cardiovascular disease is able to be lightened by an increase in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA). A diet high in omega-3 PUFA in the general population is protective, although it is inconclusive about its beneficial role in the CKD population. Methods: From the 1999 to 2014 National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES), we can collect 2,990 participants who suffered from CKD, who were classified into 4 groups: <0.86, 0.87-1.30, 1.31-1.92, and 1.93-9.65 g/day based on NHANES 24-h dietary recall questionnaire dietary omega-3 PUFA. Moreover, their mortality details were available to be obtained by linking NHANES to the National Death Index. The associations between dietary omega-3 PUFA and mortality were evaluated by constructing multivariable Cox proportional hazards models. Results: Over 8 years of a median follow-up, 864 deaths were recorded. The adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) for all-cause mortality of the diseased people with CKD in the 2nd (0.87-1.30 g/day), 3rd (0.87-1.30 g/day), and 4th (1.93-9.65 g/day) quartiles of dietary omega-3 PUFA were 0.94 (0.72, 1.23), 0.74 (0.54, 1.02), and 0.67 (0.48, 0.93), respectively, versus those with the lowest quartile of dietary omega-3 PUFA intake (<0.86 g/day) (p for trend = 0.011). Conclusion: There may be a inverse relation of dietary omega-3 PUFA intake and all-cause mortality in patients with CKD. Therefore, an increase of dietary omega-3 PUFA may be encouraged to be used clinically in patients with CKD.
Marine omega-3 fatty acids and coronary heart disease; Purpose of review
Dietary oils and <i>FADS1</i>-<i>FADS2</i> genetic variants modulate [<SUP>13</SUP>C]α-linolenic acid metabolism and plasma fatty acid composition; Background: Desaturation of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) to omega-3 (n-3) long-chain fatty acids (FAs) is mediated through FA desaturases (FADS1-FADS2) and may be influenced by dietary FA composition.
Omega-3 index and smoking in patients with acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction taking statins: a case-control study in Korea; Background: n-3 fatty acids and lifestyle also are closely related to risk of CVD. Most Koreans have higher fish consumption than people of Western populations. However, little is known about the recommended value of omega-3 index in Korean patients with acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) taking statins. Here, we tested the hypothesis that lower omega-3 fatty acids and/or smoking are associated with acute STEMI, even though patients with dyslipidemia who were taking statins and who attained their LDL-C goals.
N-3 Fatty Acids for Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the USA. A diet enriched with n-3 fatty acids (FA) has been reported to play an important role in preventing the development of CVD. Prior studies have demonstrated beneficial effects of n-3 FA on hypertriglyceridemia, blood pressure, inflammation, endothelial function, and platelet function. However, data on the relation of n-3 FA consumption with CVD risk remain inconsistent. This paper reviews current evidence on the effects of n-3 FA on CVD, CVD risk factors, and potential biologic mechanisms. Last, we discuss major limitations of currently available data and future directions in the field.
Interpreting Clinical Trials With Omega-3 Supplements in the Context of Ancestry and <i>FADS</i> Genetic Variation; Human diets in developed countries such as the US have changed dramatically over the past 75 years, leading to increased obesity, inflammation, and cardiometabolic dysfunction. Evidence over the past decade indicates that the interaction of genetic variation with changes in the intake of 18-carbon essential dietary omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), respectively, has impacted numerous molecular and clinical phenotypes. Interactions are particularly relevant with the FADS1 and FADS2 genes, which encode key fatty acid desaturases in the pathway that converts LA and ALA to their long chain (>= 20 carbons), highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA) counterparts. These gene by nutrient interactions affect the levels and balance of n-6 and n-3 HUFA that in turn are converted to a wide array of lipids with signaling roles, including eicosanoids, docosanoids, other oxylipins and endocannabinoids. With few exceptions, n-6 HUFA are precursors of pro-inflammatory/pro-thrombotic signaling lipids, and n-3 HUFA are generally anti-inflammatory/anti-thrombotic. We and others have demonstrated that African ancestry populations have much higher frequencies (vs. European-, Asian- or indigenous Americas-ancestry populations) of a FADS "derived" haplotype that is associated with the efficient conversion of high levels of dietary n-6 PUFA to pro-inflammatory n-6 HUFA. By contrast, an "ancestral" haplotype, carrying alleles associated with a limited capacity to synthesize HUFA, which can lead to n-3 HUFA deficiency, is found at high frequency in certain Hispanic populations and is nearly fixed in several indigenous populations from the Americas. Based on these observations, a focused secondary subgroup analysis of the VITAL n-3 HUFA supplementation trial stratifying the data based on self-reported ancestry revealed that African Americans may benefit from n-3 HUFA supplementation, and both ancestry and FADS variability should be factored into future clinical trials design.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> concentrations in plasma are associated with the extent of coronary artery disease and correlate to adipose tissue levels of marine n-3 fatty acids; Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)) is an emerging risk factor for cardiovascular disease. In the present study, plasma levels of Lp-PLA(2) were measured in patients (n = 301) admitted to elective coronary angiography because of suspected coronary artery disease (CAD). In a multiple linear regression analysis, the degree of CAD (0-, 1-, 2- or 3-vessel disease) and plasma LDL cholesterol significantly correlated to Lp-PLA(2) levels. Also the content of the marine n-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in adipose tissue, a measure of long-term intake of seafood independently and inversely (r= -0.18, p < 0.01) correlated with plasma levels of Lp-PLA(2) The results support the view that Lp-PLA(2) may relate to CAD and that intake of marine n-3 fatty acids might reduce plasma Lp-PLA(2) suggesting another mechanism by which n-3 fatty acids could reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. (c) 2006 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Inverse association of erythrocyte n-3 fatty acid levels with inflammatory biomarkers in patients with stable coronary artery disease: The Heart and Soul Study; Objective: Dietary intake of polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids has been associated with a reduced incidence of adverse cardiovascular events. The protective mechanisms involved are not fully understood, but may include anti-inflammatory factors. We sought to investigate the relationship between n-3 fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes and markers of systemic inflammation in 992 individuals with stable coronary artery disease.
Omega 3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease risk factors: An updated systematic review of randomised clinical trials; Several studies and reviews regarding the supplementation of omega-3 LC-PUFAs have been developed during the last years. Indeed, the evidence states that high doses omega-3 LC-PUFAs produce a small but significant decrease in blood pressure in older and hypertensive subjects. Due to the increasing interest in the benefits of LC-PUFAs, we aimed to evaluate the scientific evidence provided in the past five years (2012-2016) on the effects of the intake of omega-3 LC-PUFAs on cardiovascular risk factors such as inflammation and oxidative stress, through a systematic review in PubMed database. Twenty-eight articles were related to cardiovascular disease (CVD) and are included in this systematic review. The studies included healthy subjects and CVD patients; we included the number of subjects, type of study, type and doses of omega-3 LC-PUFAs, primary outcomes, and results. The use of omega-3 LC-PUFAs for ameliorating CVD risk factors can be recommended. However, the administration of omega-3 does not seem to show any benefit for the management of CVD or associated complications. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Clinical trials examining the therapeutic benefit of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have reported inconsistent results. We performed a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effect of omega-3 PUFA supplementation on NAFLD, and provide substantial evidence on whether omega-3 PUFA supplementation has a favorable effect for treating NAFLD.
Omega 3 fatty acid supplementation and the risk of cardiovascular events; In the last years a growing amount of evidence regarding the cardio-protective role of Omega 3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) became progressively appealing. Still the role of n-3 PUFA as a strategy for the prevention of coronary disease remains uncertain. The objective of this review is to analyze the evidence regarding the protective role of n-3 PUFA on coronary heart disease, with particular emphasis on their potential to reduce myocardial infarction. Although the results of experimental studies are heterogeneous, epidemiological data, randomized controlled trials and basic science support their role for the prevention of coronary heart disease. The reduction in mortality seemed to be related to a reduction in fatal MI and sudden death, with no effect on non-fatal MI.
Cardiovascular Disease and Health Functional Foods; Functional foods are becoming increasingly available to consumers worldwide. The health effects of use of functional foods on cardiovascular diseases must be advised. Omega-3 fatty acid can play a role in primary prevention of deaths from coronary heart disease. It has also been reported to be promising treatment for prevention of deaths from cardiovascular diseases particularly in high-risk group. Vitamin E has no primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, but has high possibility of increasing the risk of heart failure and deaths from cardiovascular disease in high-risk group. Vitamin B complex reduces homocysteine, but don't reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Apart from them, gamma linolenic acid, chitosan, soy protein, and red yeast rice may reduce cholesterol levels and the risk of cardiovascular disease, still, further studies are needed. To prevent cardiovascular diseases, it is the most important to main healthy lifestyle habits. Functional foods should only be supplementary.
An introduction to dietary/supplemental omega-3 fatty acids for general health and prevention: Part I; The correction of a subtle nutritional deficiency that may reduce the risk of a future chronic disease is indeed a challenge. However, some specific examples in the past, such as the addition of folic acid to prevent neural tube defects and calcium and vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis, should provide some encouragement that some conditions can be prevented with the appropriate addition of a deficient compound. One of the most intriguing current and future impacts on public health may come from a greater intake of omega-3 fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The omega-3 fatty acids continue to accumulate research that suggests that may prevent a variety of diverse chronic diseases and potentially some acute clinical scenarios. In Part I of this manuscript the potential for these compounds to prevent certain cardiovascular conditions are discussed. In Part 2 the potential for an impact in arthritis, numerous areas of cancer research, depression, maternal and child health, neurological diseases, osteoporosis, and other medical disciplines are also briefly covered. The future appears bright for these agents, but specifically which conditions, who qualifies, testing, frequency, adequate sources, future trials and numerous other questions need to be addressed and answered before the potential impact can catch up to the recent hype. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
One year of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation does not reduce circulating prothrombotic microvesicles in elderly subjects after suffering a myocardial infarction; Background & aims: Circulating microvesicles (cMV) are both effectors and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and the effects of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3 PUFA) in MV shedding are not yet well known. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the effects of long-term n3 PUFA supplementation on cMV release from cells of the vascular compartment in elderly subjects at very high risk of CVD.
Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Heart Function and Oxidative Stress Biomarkers in Pediatric Patients with Dilated Cardiomyopathy; Objectives: Dilated cardiomyopathy is the most prevalent type of cardiomyopathy in children, which results in congestive heart failure and causes significant morbidity and mortality. This study, aims to investigate the effect of supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on heart function and oxidative stress biomarkers in these patients.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and oxygenated metabolism in atherothrombosis; Numerous epidemiological studies and clinical trials have reported the health benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), including a lower risk of coronary heart diseases. This review mainly focuses on the effects of alpha-linolenic (ALA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids on some risk factors associated with atherothrombosis, including platelet activation, plasma lipid concentrations and oxidative modification of low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Special focus is given to the effects of marine PUFA on the formation of eicosanoids and docosanoids, and to the bioactive properties of some oxygenated metabolites of omega-3 PUFA produced by cyclooxygenases and lipoxygenases. The antioxidant effects of marine omega-3 PUFA at low concentrations and the pro-oxidant effects of DHA at high concentrations on the redox status of platelets and LDL are highlighted. Non enzymatic peroxidation end-products deriving from omega-3 PUFA such as hydroxy-hexenals, neuroketals and EPA-derived isoprostanes are also considered in relation to atherosclerosis. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Oxygenated metabolism of PUFA: analysis and biological relevance". (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Food and nutrient intakes and overall survival of elderly Japanese; As parr of the International Union of Nutritional Sciences (IUNS) Food Habits in Later Life Project, a group of 89 free-living Japanese aged 70 years and over (43 men and 46 women) residing in semiurban Okazaki, located in the middle of Honshu Island in Japan, were studied. They were followed up in order to determine whether nutrition plays a role in Japanese longevity. Information on food and nutrient intake was collected at study entry. During 55 months follow-up, eight men and five women died. The consumption of various food groups, after adjustment for energy intake to 10.5 MJ for men and 8.4 MJ for women, was similar for survivors and deceased, but there was a greater consumption of mushrooms and fats and oils among the survivors (P<0.05). Furthermore, survivors had a higher intake of total n-3 fatty acids, especially alpha-linolenic acid, compared with the deceased (P < 0.05). Subjects who were not chronically energy deficient (BMI greater than or equal to 18.5 kg/m(2)) showed a better survival probability with a higher intake of total n-3 fatty acids (greater than or equal to 2.1 g/day, 25th percentile). A similar result for total n-3 fatty acids and alpha-linolenic acid was found using Cox proportional hazards analyses adjusted for age, gender and smoking status (P <0.05). After adjustment for bodyweight, the conditionally essential amino acid tyrosine was higher in women who survived (P<0.05). These findings suggest that the intake of n-3 fatty acids and of certain amino acids might be particularly important in elderly people for living longer.
Erythrocyte long-chain omega-3 fatty acid levels are inversely associated with mortality and with incident cardiovascular disease: The Framingham Heart Study; BACKGROUND: The extent to which omega-3 fatty acid status is related to risk for death from any cause and for incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains controversial.
The Effect of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Fibrin and Thrombin Generation in Healthy Subjects and Subjects with Cardiovascular Disease; Hypercoagulability plays a key role in the progression of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake has been inversely related to the risk of cardiovascular events, the mechanisms are not fully understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of omega-3 on novel markers of global coagulation. The generation of fibrin and thrombin, measured via overall hemostasis potential (OHP) assay and calibrated automated thrombography, respectively, was determined in 40 healthy subjects and 16 patients with CVD at baseline and after 4 weeks of 640 mg/day omega-3 PUFA. In healthy subjects, fibrin generation was significantly reduced, as measured by overall coagulation potential (p=0.013), OHP (p<0.001), velocity of fibrin polymerization (p=0.002), and significant increase in delay to fibrin generation (p=0.002). The peak of generated thrombin was significantly reduced (p=0.043). In subjects with CVD, omega-3 PUFA significantly reduced OHP and significantly increased the lag time to thrombin generation (both p<0.001). Treatment with omega-3 PUFA had no effect on other fibrin and thrombin generation parameters in CVD patients. Four-week omega-3 PUFA supplementation reduced thrombotic potential in healthy subjects, as shown by reduced fibrin generation and peak thrombin. There was a greater effect on fibrin generation in healthy subjects compared with those with CVD.
Current evidence and future perspectives of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for the prevention of cardiovascular disease; Omega-3 fatty acids have been traditionally used for the prevention of major cardiovascular events in patients with or without a history of cardiovascular disease. Their main mechanism of action is to lower triglyceride levels, but they also exert anti-arrythmic and anti-inflammatory properties, they reduce blood pressure levels and stabilize the atherosclerotic plaques. There is a vast amount of evidence derived from randomized studies that seems to question their benefit for the prevention of major cardiovascular events. Upcoming trials will help to better clarify their use in certain indications. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The importance of the omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio in cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases; Several sources of information suggest that human beings evolved on a diet with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 essential fatty acids (EFA) of similar to 1 whereas in Western diets the ratio is 15/1-16.7/1. Western diets are deficient in omega-3 fatty acids, and have excessive amounts of omega-6 fatty acids compared with the diet on which human beings evolved and their genetic patterns were established. Excessive amounts of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and a very high omega-6/ omega-3 ratio, as is found in today's Western diets, promote the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, whereas increased levels of omega-3 PUFA (a lower omega-6/ omega-3 ratio), exert suppressive effects. In the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, a ratio of 4/1 was associated with a 70% decrease in total mortality. A ratio of 2.5/1 reduced rectal cell proliferation in patients with colorectal cancer, whereas a ratio of 4/1 with the same amount of omega-3 PUFA had no effect. The lower omega-6/omega-3 ratio in women with breast cancer was associated with decreased risk. A ratio of 2-3/1 suppressed inflammation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and a ratio of 5/1 had a beneficial effect on patients with asthma, whereas a ratio of 10/1 had adverse consequences. These studies indicate that the optimal ratio may vary with the disease under consideration. This is consistent with the fact that chronic diseases are multigenic and multifactorial. Therefore, it is quite possible that the therapeutic dose of omega-3 fatty acids will depend on the degree of severity of disease resulting from the genetic predisposition. A lower ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is more desirable in reducing the risk of many of the chronic diseases of high prevalence in Western societies, as well as in the developing countries.
Omega-3 fatty acids for cystic fibrosis; Background
Omega-3 fatty acids in cardiac biopsies from heart transplantation patients - Correlation with erythrocytes and response to supplementation; Background-Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) appear to reduce the risk of sudden death from myocardial infarction. This reduction is believed to occur via the incorporation of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) into the myocardium itself, altering the dynamics of sodium and calcium channel function. The extent of incorporation has not been determined in humans.
Cardioprotective Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Dichotomy between Experimental and Clinical Studies; The high-fat diet of North Americans has a major impact on cardiovascular disease occurrence. Notably, fatty acids have been identified as important factors that could modulate such diseases, especially myocardial infarction (MI). Experimentally, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have demonstrated positive effects on cardiovascular disorders and have also shown cardioprotection by decreasing MI size. Although many animal experiments have clearly established the benefits of omega-3 PUFA, clinical studies have not reached similar conclusions. In fact, the findings of recent clinical investigations indicate that omega-3 PUFA play only a minor role in cardiovascular health. This dichotomy between experimental and clinical studies may be due to different parameters that are not taken into account in animal experiments. We have recently observed that the high consumption of omega-6 PUFA results in significant attenuation of the beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFA on MI. We believe that part of the dichotomy between experimental and clinical research may be related to the quantity of omega-6 PUFA ingested. This review of the data indicates the importance of considering omega-6 PUFA consumption in omega-3 PUFA studies.
α-linolenic omega-3 fatty acid for stroke protection: from brain preconditioning paradigm to nutrition; Stroke is the third leading cause of death, due to its high incidence, the severity of the insult, and lack of treatment options. The only therapeutic is restoration of cerebral blood flow achieved by recombinant tissue plasminogen activator treatment, but only approximately 5% of patients receive it. In addition, therapeutics aimed at achieving neuroprotection by blocking the ischemic cascade, as identified in numerous preclinical studies, failed in clinical trials. This failure in translation from experimental models to clinical trials led to a re-evaluation of properties which would constitute the "best-in class'' therapeutics to be used against stroke. Given that neuroprotection appears ineffective per se, an emerging direction is to identify therapies, probably combinatorial in nature, which protect the whole neurovascular unit and target time-dependent neurotoxic mechanisms. Molecules that activate complex cellular signaling cascades that render the brain resistant to subsequent ischemia, known as preconditioners, offer a novel perspective in stroke protection. Preconditioning elicits complex endogenous neuroprotective responses that act by pleiotropic mechanisms to block death pathways, promote survival pathways and increase resistance. In addition to chemical preconditioners, natural/endogenous compounds such as adenosine, glutamate, lysophospholipids, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been demonstrated to be excellent preconditioners. Consequently, a major new concept in preconditioning to combat stroke is introduced, which is preconditioning achieved through supplementation of an essential item in diet or as a nutraceutical. Several epidemiologic studies suggested a beneficial effect of a seafood/omega-3-enriched diet in cerebral diseases, but the omega-3-induced protective mechanisms are still poorly identified. This review highlights how a-linolenic acid (ALA), the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid precursor, protects the brain from in vivo and in vitro models of stroke, thus potentially fulfilling the goal of identifying the "best-in class'' therapeutics against stroke. Also described is the surprising pleiotric nature of ALA in protecting neurons, vasodilating brain arteries and stimulating neuroplasticity. Importantly, feasibility of delivery has been demonstrated, since ALA supplementation can be achieved through modification of the daily diet, for which prevention of stroke-induced mortality and cerebral damage has been confirmed. Therefore evaluating ALA as an interesting preconditioner against stroke represents a novel and extremely relevant concept in the context of nutraceutical and functional food development.
Heart rate variability and Omega-3 Index in euthymic patients with bipolar disorders; Background: Affective disorders are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, which, at least partly, appears to be independent of psychopharmacological treatments used to manage these disorders. Reduced heart rate variability (SDNN) and a low Omega-3 Index have been shown to be associated with increased risk for death after myocardial infarction. Therefore, we set out to investigate heart rate variability and the Omega-3 Index in euthymic patients with bipolar disorders.
The effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake on blood levels of omega-3s in people with chronic atherosclerotic disease: a systematic review; Context Atherosclerosis is a systemic pro-inflammatory and pro-oxidative disease, accounting for approximately a third of deaths globally. It has been proposed that omega-3s, through their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, mitigate atherosclerotic disease progression. However, due to the systemic pro-inflammatory and pro-oxidative state of atherosclerosis, it is proposed that patients with atherosclerotic disease may have higher omega-3 requirements than the average requirement, due to increased nutrient utilization in anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant processes. Objective The aim of this review was to determine what dose and duration of omega-3 supplementation is required to reach a therapeutic blood level of omega-3s (eicosapentaenoic acid >= 150 mu g/mL or omega-3 index >= 8%) in people with chronic atherosclerotic disease. Data Sources This systematic review comprehensively searched MEDLINE, Emcare, Scopus, and CINAHL using key search terms for atherosclerotic disease, omega-3, supplementation, and blood levels of omega-3s. Data Extraction Two reviewers independently screened 529 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) supplementing omega-3s in patients with chronic atherosclerotic disease. Data Analysis In total, 25 journal articles from 17 original RCTs were included and assessed quantitatively. Supplementation at 1.8 g to 3.4 g per day for a 3-month-6-month duration, and at 4.4 g and above for as little as 1 month-6 months were identified as the most effective dosage ranges for increasing blood levels of omega-3s to therapeutic levels in people with atherosclerotic disease. Conclusions Consideration should be given to routine omega-3 supplementation and to increasing the omega-3 dietary recommendations and upper limits of daily intake to improve clinical outcomes and reduce the risk of cardiac mortality in this population.
A Walnut-Enriched Diet for 2 Years Changes the Serum Oxylipin Profile in Healthy Older Persons; Background: Oxylipins are products derived from polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that play a role in cardiovascular disease and aging. Fish oil -derived n-3 PUFAs promote the formation of anti-inflammatory and vasodilatory oxylipins; however, there are little data on oxylipins derived from alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3), the primary plant -derived n-3 PUFA. Walnuts are a source of C18:3n-3. Objectives: To investigate the effect on serum oxylipins of a diet enriched with walnuts at 15% energy (30-60 g/d; 2.6-5.2 g C18:3n-3/d) for 2 y compared to a control diet (abstention from walnuts) in healthy older males and females (63-79 y). Methods: The red blood cell proportion of alpha-linolenic acid was determined by gas chromatography as a measure of compliance. Ultraperformance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry was used to measure serum concentrations of 53 oxylipins in participants randomly assigned to receive the walnut diet (n = 64) or the control diet (n = 51). Two-year concentration changes (final minus baseline) were log -transformed (base log -10) and standardized (mean -centered and divided by the standard deviation of each variable). Volcano plots were then generated (fold change >= 1.5; false discovery rate <0.1). For each oxylipin delta surviving multiple testing, we further assessed betweenintervention group differences by analysis of covariance adjusting for age, sex, BMI, and the baseline concentration of the oxylipin. Results: The 2-y change in red blood cell C18:3n-3 in the walnut group was significantly higher than that in the control group (P < 0.001). Compared to the control diet, the walnut diet resulted in statistically significantly greater increases in 3 C18:3n-3-derived oxylipins (9HOTrE, 13-HOTrE, and 12,13-EpODE) and in the C20:5n-3 derived 14,15-diHETE, and greater reductions of the C20:4n-6-derived 5-HETE, 19-HETE, and 5,6-diHETrE. Conclusions: Long-term walnut consumption changes the serum oxylipin profile in healthy older persons. Our results add novel mechanistic evidence on the cardioprotective effects of walnuts.
Systematic Metabolomic Analysis of Eicosanoids after Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation by a Highly Specific Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry-Based Method; Omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have beneficial effects in many pathological processes, especially cardiovascular disease, and their protective eicosanoid metabolites are thought to play important roles. However, how omega-3 PUFAs affect the eicosanoid profile has not been elucidated comprehensively. Here, we systematically analyzed the eicosanoid metabolites induced by omega-3 PUFA supplementation. We developed an LCMS/MS-based method covering 32 arachidonic acid (ARA) metabolites and 37 omega-3 PUFA-derived products. The limits of detection for eicosanoids were between 0.0625 and 1 pg and the detection specificity was optimized. We then quantified eicosanoids in mouse and human plasma and mouse aorta samples after omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Levels of EPA hydroxyl products, 4-HDoHE, 17,18-EEQ, 17,18-DiHETE, TXB2, and LXA4 were significantly changed in both mouse samples, and those of 2-series PGs, EDPs and DHA hydroxyl products were changed in aorta samples. Correlation network analysis of mouse plasma data revealed that some eicosanoids had higher connection degree or betweenness centrality score than others after omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Eicosanoids in human plasma were profiled across five time points after omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Fuzzy c-mean clustering algorithm suggested that the time curves of eicosanoid activity could be described with three kinetic patterns: sustained upregulation, short-term upregulation, and downregulation. This is the first systematic profiling of eicosanoids with omega-3 PUFA supplementation. The highly specific eicosanoid metabolomic and related data analysis methods would be powerful tools for comprehensive eicosanoid study.
Effects of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids on major cardiovascular events in statin users and non-users with a history of myocardial infarction; Recent secondary prevention trials have failed to demonstrate a beneficial effect of n-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular outcomes, which may be due to the growing use of statins since the mid-1990s. The aim of the present study was to assess whether statins modify the effects of n-3 fatty acids on major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI).
Elevated plasma fibrinogen caused by inadequate α-linolenic acid intake can be reduced by replacing fat with canola-type rapeseed oil; The effects of canola-type rapeseed oil (RSO) on serum lipids, plasma fibrinogen, lipid oxidation and fatty acids were studied in three groups of subjects, two of which had not been consuming fish in their habitual diets. Forty-two volunteers (35 women, 7 men, 16-62 years) replaced fat with RSO for 6 weeks in a parallel design. The average cholesterol and fibrinogen concentrations were 5.0 mmol/I and 2.6 g/I, respectively. The intake of alpha-linolenic acid (alpha-LLA) was doubled. Efficient competitive inhibition by alpha-LLA was seen as a decrease in long-chain (LC) n-6 PUFA at 3 weeks. Elevated fibrinogen (2.6-3.9 g/I) decreased by 0.95 g/I at 6 weeks. Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) in plasma phospholipids increased at low fibrinogen levels only. The associations and changes in plasma C18 and LC PUFA followed the competitive and metabolic principles of the body, and especially in the case of n-3 PUFA according to the recycling pathway. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids and non-communicable diseases; Objective To review the relation between dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) and non-communicable diseases.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Plasma Fibroblast Growth Factor 23 Levels in Post-Myocardial Infarction Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease: The Alpha Omega Trial; Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality in chronic kidney disease. Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid consumption has been inversely associated with FGF23 levels and with cardiovascular risk. We examined the effect of marine n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on plasma FGF23 levels in post-myocardial infarction patients with chronic kidney disease. In the randomized double-blind Alpha Omega Trial, 4837 patients with a history of myocardial infarction aged 60-80 years (81% men) were randomized to one of four trial margarines supplemented with a targeted additional intake of 400 mg/day EPA and DHA, 2 g/day ALA, EPA-DHA plus ALA, or placebo for 41 months. In a subcohort of 336 patients with an eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (creatinine-cystatin C-based CKD-EPI formula), plasma C-terminal FGF23 was measured by ELISA at baseline and end of follow-up. We used analysis of covariance to examine treatment effects on FGF23 levels adjusted for baseline FGF23. Patients consumed 19.8 g margarine/day on average, providing an additional amount of 236 mg/day EPA with 158 mg/day DHA, 1.99 g/day ALA or both, in the active intervention groups. Over 79% of patients were treated with antihypertensive and antithrombotic medication and statins. At baseline, plasma FGF23 was 150 (128 to 172) RU/mL (mean (95% CI)). After 41 months, overall FGF23 levels had increased significantly (p < 0.0001) to 212 (183 to 241) RU/mL. Relative to the placebo, the treatment effect of EPA-DHA was indifferent, with a mean change in FGF23 (95% CI) of -17 (-97, 62) RU/mL (p = 0.7). Results were similar for ALA (36 (-42, 115) RU/mL) and combined EPA-DHA and ALA (34 (-44, 113) RU/mL). Multivariable adjustment, pooled analyses, and subgroup analyses yielded similar non-significant results. Long-term supplementation with modest quantities of EPA-DHA or ALA does not reduce plasma FGF23 levels when added to cardiovascular medication in post-myocardial patients with chronic kidney disease.
The omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio, genetic variation, and cardiovascular disease; A high omega-6/omega-3 ratio, as is found in today's Western diets, promotes the pathogenesis of many chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease. Increased dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) leads to oxidation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), platelet aggregation, and interferes with the incorporation of essential fatty acids (EFA) in cell membrane phopholipids. Both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids influence gene expression. Omega-3 fatty acids have strong anti-inflammatory effects, suppress interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), whereas omega-6 fatty acids tend to be pro-inflammatory. Because inflammation is at the base of many chronic diseases, including coronary heart disease, dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids plays an important role in the manifestation of disease, particularly in persons with genetic variation, as for example in individuals with genetic variants at the 5-lipoxygenase (5-LO). Increased dietary arachidonic acid (AA) significantly enhances the apparent atherogenic effect of genotype, whereas increased dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) blunts this effect. The diet-gene interaction further suggests that dietary omega-6 fatty acids promote, whereas marine omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA inhibit leukotriene-mediated inflammation that leads to atherosclerosis in this subpopulation.
Cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 fatty acids; Cardiac societies recommend the intake of 1 g/day of the two omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for cardiovascular disease prevention, treatment after a myocardial infarction, prevention of sudden death, and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. These recommendations are based on a body of scientific evidence that encompasses literally thousands of publications. Of four large scale intervention studies three also support the recommendations of these cardiac societies. One methodologically questionable study with a negative result led a Cochrane meta-analysis to a null conclusion. This null conclusion, however, has not swayed the recommendations of the cardiac societies mentioned, and has been refuted with good reason by scientific societies.
The Effects of Omega-3 on Liver Damage after Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Abnormal liver function test results are often observed in patients with acute Myocardial Infarction (MI).
Circulating and dietary α-linolenic acid and incidence of congestive heart failure in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study; Background: Few studies have evaluated the association between the n-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and the incidence of congestive heart failure (CHF).
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Status Testing in Humans: A Narrative Review of Commercially Available Options; There is an increasing body of evidence supporting a link between low intakes of (0-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) and numerous diseases and health conditions. However, few people are achieving the levels of fish/seafood or eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake recommended in national and international guidelines. Knowledge of a person's (0-3 LCPUFA status will benefit the interpretation of research results and could be expected to lead to an increased effort to increase intake. Dietary intake survey methods are often used as a surrogate for measuring (0-3 PUFA tissue status and its impact on health and functional outcomes. However, because individuals vary widely in their ability to digest and absorb (0-3 PUFA, analytical testing of biological samples is desirable to accurately evaluate (0-3 PUFA status. Adipose tissue is the reference biospecimen for measuring tissue fatty acids, but less-invasive methods, such as measurements in whole blood or its components (e.g., plasma, serum, red blood cell membranes) or breast milk are often used. Numerous commercial laboratories provide fatty acid testing of blood and breast milk samples by different methods and present their results in a variety of reports such as a full fatty acid profile, (0-3 and (0-6 fatty acid profiles, fatty acid ratios, as well as the Omega -3 Index, the Holman Omega -3 Test, OmegaScore, and OmegaCheck, among others. This narrative review provides information about the different ways to measure (0-3 LCPUFA status (including both dietary assessments and selected commercially available analytical tests of blood and breast milk samples) and discusses evidence linking increased (0-3 LCPUFA intake or status to improved health, focusing on cardiovascular, neurological, pregnancy, and eye health, in support of recommendations to increase (0-3 LCPUFA intake and testing.
Marine-Derived Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Heart Failure: Current Understanding for Basic to Clinical Relevance; Heart failure (HF) is a rapidly growing global public health problem. Since HF results in high mortality and re-hospitalization, new effective treatments are desired. Although it remains controversial, omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as the eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, have been widely recognized to have benefits for HF. In a large-scale clinical trial regarding secondary prevention of HF by n-3 PUFA (GISSI-HF trial), the supplementation of n-3 PUFA significantly reduced cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization. Other small clinical studies proposed that n-3 PUFA potentially suppresses the ventricular remodeling and myocardial fibrosis, which thereby improves the ventricular systolic and diastolic function both in ischemic and non-ischemic HF. Basic investigations have further supported our understanding regarding the cardioprotective mechanisms of n-3 PUFA against HF. In these reports, n-3 PUFA has protected hearts through (1) anti-inflammatory effects, (2) intervention of cardiac energy metabolism, (3) modification of cardiac ion channels, (4) improvement of vascular endothelial response, and (5) modulation of autonomic nervous system activity. To clarify the pros and cons of n-3 PUFA on HF, we summarized recent evidence regarding the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA on HF both from the clinical and basic studies.
Omega-3 fatty acids (from fish oils) for cystic fibrosis; Background Epidemiological and other studies suggest that a diet rich in omega-3 essential fatty acids ( derived from fish oil) may have beneficial anti-inflammatory effects for chronic conditions such as cystic fibrosis (CF).
Intakes of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and blood pressure change over time: Possible interaction with genes involved in 20-HETE and EETs metabolism; Background: A high intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), has been associated with reduced levels of blood pressure (BP). Their antihypertensive action may be due to the reduction of the omega-6/omega-3 ratio and the resulting competitive effect of omega-3 as compared to arachidonic acid (an omega-6 PUFA) as a substrate of cytochrome P450 (CYP450) enzymes involved in the production of vasoactive mediators. Some functional polymorphisms (SNPs), in genes which encode for the same enzymes, were associated with hypertension and ischemic stroke in the Malmo Diet and Cancer (MDC), a Swedish urban-based longitudinal study. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the intake of different types of PUFAs on BP change over time (Delta-BP; mean follow-up 16.6 +/- 1.5 years; n =3.550 with complete phenotypic data), also considering the interaction with SNPs in genes involved in their metabolism via CYP450.
Vitamin D, Marine n-3 Fatty Acids, and Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease Current Evidence; Whether marine omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) or vitamin D supplementation can prevent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in general populations at usual risk for this outcome is unknown. A major goal of VITAL (Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial) was to fill this knowledge gap. In this article, we review the results of VITAL, discuss relevant mechanistic studies regarding n-3 FAs, vitamin D, and vascular disease, and summarize recent meta-analyses of the randomized trial evidence on these agents. VITAL was a nationwide, randomized, placebo-controlled, 2x2 factorial trial of marine n-3 FAs (1 g/d) and vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/d) in the primary prevention of CVD and cancer among 25 871 US men aged >= 50 and women aged >= 55 years, including 5106 blacks. Median treatment duration was 5.3 years. Supplemental n-3 FAs did not significantly reduce the primary cardiovascular end point of major CVD events (composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and CVD mortality; hazard ratio [HR], 0.92 [95% CI, 0.80-1.06]) but were associated with significant reductions in total myocardial infarction (HR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.59-0.90]), percutaneous coronary intervention (HR, 0.78 [95% CI, 0.63-0.95]), and fatal myocardial infarction (HR, 0.50 [95% CI, 0.26-0.97]) but not stroke or other cardiovascular end points. For major CVD events, a treatment benefit was seen in those with dietary fish intake below the cohort median of 1.5 servings/wk (HR, 0.81 [95% CI, 0.67-0.98]) but not in those above (P interaction=0.045). For myocardial infarction, the greatest risk reductions were in blacks (HR, 0.23 [95% CI, 0.11-0.47]; P interaction by race, 0.001). Vitamin D supplementation did not reduce major CVD events (HR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.85-1.12]) or other cardiovascular end points. Updated meta-analyses that include VITAL and other recent trials document coronary risk reduction from supplemental marine n-3 FAs but no clear CVD risk reduction from supplemental vitamin D. Additional research is needed to determine which individuals may be most likely to derive net benefit from supplementation.
Effects of omega-3, omega-6, and total dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Uncertainty exists about the link between omega-3 fatty acid, omega-6 fatty acid, and total polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake and mortality in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) patients, and no meta-analyses summarize the relationship between these various types of PUFAs and ASCVD. Methods: Web of Science, PubMed, EBSCO and Cochrane Library up to November 30, 2022 were searched for prospective randomized controlled studies investigating the relationships among omega-3, omega-6, and PUFA intake and mortality and cardiovascular events in ASCVD patients. This study has been registered at PROSPERO (No. CRD42023407566). Results: This meta-analysis included 21 publications from 17 studies involving 40 861 participants published between 1965 and 2022. In ASCVD patients, omega-3 may lower all-cause mortality (RR: 0.90, 95% CI [0.83, 0.98], I2 = 8%), CVD mortality (RR: 0.82, 95% CI [0.73, 0.91], I2 = 34%) and CVD events (RR: 0.90, 95% CI [0.86, 0.93], I2 = 79%). Subgroup analyses showed that EPA or EPA ethyl ester supplementation reduced CVD events, while the mixture of EPA and DHA had no significant impact. Long-chain omega-3 consumption of 1.0-4.0 g per d reduced death risk by 3.5% for each 1 g per d increase. Omega-6 and PUFA had no significant effect on mortality or CVD events, with low-quality evidence and significant heterogeneity. Conclusions: omega-3 intake is associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality, CVD mortality, and CVD events in ASCVD patients, while omega-6 or total PUFA intake showed no significant association. Increasing the omega-3 intake by 1 g per d resulted in a 3.5% decrease in the risk of death. These findings support the recommendation of supplements with omega-3 fatty acids for the secondary prevention of ASCVD.
n-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Events after Myocardial Infarction; BACKGROUND
Rationale and design of a randomised controlled clinical trial on supplemental intake of n-3 fatty acids and incidence of cardiac arrhythmia:: SOFA; Background: Evidence from earlier studies indicates that intake of very long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA, also named omega-3 fatty acids) as present in fish oil reduces the risk of sudden death. Sudden death forms a major part of mortality from cardiovascular disease and is in most cases a direct consequence of cardiac arrhythmia. n-3 PUFA may exert their protective effect through reducing the susceptibility for cardiac arrhythmia.
Adipose tissue omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid content and breast cancer in the EURAMIC study; The fatty acid content of adipose tissue in postmenopausal breast cancer cases and controls from five European countries in the European Community Multicenter Study on Antioxidants, Myocardial Infarction, and Cancer (EURAMIC) breast cancer study (1991-1992) was used to explore the hypothesis that fatty acids of the omega-3 family inhibit breast cancer and that the degree of inhibition depends on background levels of omega-6 polyunsaturates. Considered in isolation, the level of omega-3 or omega-8 fat in adipose tissue displayed little consistent association with breast cancer across study centers, The ratio of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids to total omega-6 fat showed an inverse association with breast cancer in four of five centers. In Malaga, Spain, the odds ratio for the highest tertile relative to the lowest reached 0.32 (95% confidence interval 0.13-0.82), In this center, total omega-6 fatty acid was strongly associated with breast cancer, With all centers pooled, the odds ratio for long-chain omega-3 to total omega-8 reached 0.80 for the second tertile and 0.65 for the third tertile, a downward trend bordering on statistical significance (p for trend = 0.055), While not definitive, these results provide evidence for the hypothesis that the balance between omega-3 and omega-8 fat may play a role in breast cancer.
The Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Diets; The article is a summary of Dra. Carmen Gomez Candela's presentation at the Science in Nutrition 3rd International Congress in Milan, March 2014. The article covers omega-3 fatty acids use in different medical areas and several institutions' opinions in relation to the topic.Omega-3 acids are essential fatty acids. A certain amount of omega-3 is needed in our daily diet; however, the usual consumption is generally less than the recommended amount. Changes in dietary patterns in the course of history have led to deficit levels of omega-3 in the human body. Currently, there is increasing evidence of the benefits of omega-3 in different medical specialities. There are still some gaps regarding its role in illnesses such as dementia, psychiatric disorders, and inflammatory diseases. Nevertheless, stronger evidence is being proved in cardiovascular diseases and cancer. This article provides a reflection on possible ways to increase omega-3 daily consumption and the constraints associated with food with high contents of heavy metals, which, in turn, are also rich in omega-3s.
Effects of ω-3 PUFA and ascorbic acid combination on post-resuscitation myocardial function; Accumulating evidence demonstrated that administration of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) or ascorbic acid (AA) following cardiac arrest (CA) improves survival. Therefore, we investigate the effects of omega-3 PUFA combined with AA on myocardial function after CA and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) in a rat model.
Dietary α-linolenic acid decreases C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A and interleukin-6 in dyslipidaemic patients; Background: Inflammation plays an important role in the pathogenesis of coronary artery disease. We examined whether dietary supplementation with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) affects the levels of inflammatory markers in dyslipidaemic patients. Methods: We recruited 76 male dyslipidaemic patients (mean age = 51 +/- 8 years) following a typical Greek diet. They were randomly assigned either to 15 ml of linseed oil (rich in ALA) per day (n = 50) or to 15 ml of safflower oil (rich in linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6)) per day (n = 26). The ratio of n-6:n-3 in linseed oil supplemented group was 1.3:1 and in safflower oil supplemented group 13.2:1. Dietary intervention lasted for 3 months. Blood lipids and C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels were determined prior and after intervention. CRP and SAA were measured by nephelometry and IL-6 by immunoassay. Results: Dietary supplementation with ALA decreased significantly CRP, SAA and IL-6 levels. The median decrease of CRP was 38% (1.24 vs. 0.93 mg/l, P = 0.0008), of SAA 23.1% (3.24 vs. 2.39 mg/l, P = 0.0001) and of IL-6 10.5% (2.18 vs. 1.7 pg/ml, P = 0.01). The decrease of inflammatory markers was independent of lipid changes. Dietary supplementation with LA did not affect significantly CRP, SAA and IL-6 concentrations but decreased cholesterol levels. Conclusions: Dietary supplementation with ALA for 3 months decreases significantly CRP, SAA and IL-6 levels in dyslipidaemic patients. This anti-inflammatory effect may provide a possible additional mechanism for the beneficial effect of plant n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Galectin-3, a marker of cardiac remodeling, is inversely related to serum levels of marine omega-3 fatty acids. A cross-sectional study; Objective: Marine polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may have cardioprotective effects and beneficial influence on the fibrotic process. We evaluated the associations between serum marine n-3 PUFA and selected biomarkers of fibrosis and cardiac remodeling in elderly patients with acute myocardial infarction.
The Omega-3 Index as a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases; The Omega-3 Index has been defined as eicosapentaenoic plus docosahexaenoic acids in erythrocytes. Integral part of the definition is a standardized analytical procedure, which conforms to the standards of Clinical Chemistry. This resulted in more than 90 collaborative research projects, concluded and ongoing, and 64 publications so far. The Omega-3 Index is emerging as a risk factor for fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events. This standardized analysis of fatty acid patterns adds incremental information to standard risk factor algorithms, and it correctly reclassifies persons from intermediate to high or low risk. Circumstantial evidence indicates that determining the Omega-3 Index has a therapeutic consequence. Thus, the Omega-3 Index fulfils important criteria for novel biomarkers, set forth by the American Heart Association and others, and compares well to other novel biomarkers. Future results will add precision to the value of the Omega-3 Index in cardiology, and probably expand its application to other areas, like psychiatry and pregnancy. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid synthesis from n-3 fatty acid precursors in rat hippocampal neurons; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the most abundant n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid in the brain, has important functions in the hippocampus. To better understand essential fatty acid homeostasis in this region of the brain, we investigated the contributions of n-3 fatty acid precursors in supplying hippocampal neurons with DHA. Primary cultures of rat hippocampal neurons incorporated radiolabeled 18-, 20-, 22-, and 24-carbon n-3 fatty acid and converted some of the uptake to DHA, but the amounts produced from either [1-C-14]alpha-linolenic or [1-C-14]eicosapentaenoic acid were considerably less than the amounts incorporated when the cultures were incubated with [1-C-14]22:6n-3. Most of the [1-C-14]22:6n-3 uptake was incorporated into phospholipids, primarily ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Additional studies demonstrated that the neurons converted [1-C-14]linoleic acid to arachidonic acid, the main n-6 fatty acid in the brain. These findings differ from previous results indicating that cerebral and cerebellar neurons cannot convert polyunsaturated fatty acid precursors to DHA or arachidonic acid. Fatty acid compositional analysis demonstrated that the hippocampal neurons contained only 1.1-2.5 mol% DHA under the usual low-DHA culture conditions. The relatively low-DHA content suggests that some responses obtained with these cultures may not be representative of neuronal function in the brain.
Enhanced increase of omega-3 index in response to long-term n-3 fatty acid supplementation from triacylglycerides versus ethyl esters; Background: There is a debate currently about whether different chemical forms of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are absorbed in an identical way. The objective of this study was to investigate the response of the omega-3 index, the percentage of EPA+DHA in red blood cell membranes, to supplementation with two different omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) formulations in humans.
Omega-3 fatty acids: antiarrhythmic, proarrhythmic or both?; Initial epidemiological, clinical trial and animal data have suggested that a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids reduces the risk of cardiac death and that this reduction in the risk was owing to the prevention of fatal arrhythmias. More recent data, however, suggest that, in some patients with heart disease, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may increase the risk of potentially fatal cardiac arrhythmias and the risk of sudden cardiac death. Additional research needs to be carried out to confirm and characterize the proarrhythmic properties of omega-3 fatty acids and to determine their role in the treatment of patients with heart disease who have not had a recent myocardial infarction.
Conducting omega-3 clinical trials with cardiovascular outcomes: Proceedings of a workshop held at ISSFAL 2014; In contrast to earlier long-chain (LC) omega-3 (i.e. EPA and DHA) investigations, some recent studies have not demonstrated significant effects of EPA and DHA on cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. The neutral findings may have been due to experimental design issues, such as: maintenance on aggressive cardiovascular drug treatment overshadowing the benefits of LC omega-3s, high background LC omega-3 intake, too few subjects in the study, treatment duration too short, insufficient LC omega-3 dosage, increase in omega-6 fatty acid intake during the study, failure to assess the LC omega-3 status of the subjects prior to and during treatment and lack of clarity concerning which mechanisms were expected to produce benefits. At the 11th ISSFAL Congress, a workshop was held on conducting LC omega-3 clinical trials with cardiovascular outcomes, with the goal of gaining a better understanding concerning aspects of experimental design that should be considered when planning clinical studies related to EPA and DHA and potential cardiovascular benefits. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
The major role of the TREK-1 potassium channel in the neuronal protection induced by omega-3; The nutritional interest of polyunsaturated fatty acids from omega-3, that are mainly present in vegetal and fish oils is now validated by the scientific community. Their beneficial effects have first been reported in coronary heart diseases. Many neurological and chronic diseases are often related to deficiencies in omega-3 and omega-6 and their derivatives. Polyunsaturated fatty acids from omega-3 family are essential to brain growth and neuronal preserving (foetuses, children, old people) as well as visual and cognitive functions. They are recently considered as factors of improvement in some mental diseases. Today, polyunsaturated fatty acids could play a key role in the prevention and/or or the treatment of cerebral diseases. With the development of in vitro and in vivo experimental models, it is now possible to demonstrate the omega-3-induced neuronal protection against major pathologies such as epileptic seizures and cerebral ischemia. The molecular mechanism of neuronal protection induced by omega-3 is now clarified. The omega-3 target would be a potassium channel, TREK-1, which belongs to the new family of 2-P domain potassium channels (K-2P). The discovery of the physiopathological role of these K-2P channels can represent an important therapeutical challenge not only in cerebrovascular diseases, but also in psychiatry.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Glass Half Full or Time to Nail the Coffin Shut?; There has been a great deal of controversy in recent years about the potential role of dietary supplementation with long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Four recent meta-analyses have been published that evaluated randomized, controlled trial (RCT) data from studies that assessed the effects of supplemental n-3 PUFA intake on CVD endpoints. The authors of those reports reached disparate conclusions. This review explores the reasons informed experts have drawn different conclusions from the evidence, and addresses implications for future investigation. Although RCT data accumulated to date have failed to provide unequivocal evidence of CVD risk reduction with n-3 PUFA supplementation, many studies were limited by design issues, including low dosage, no assessment of n-3 status, and absence of a clear biological target or pathophysiologic hypothesis for the intervention. The most promising evidence supports n-3 PUFA supplementation for prevention of cardiac death. Two ongoing trials have enrolled high cardiovascular risk subjects with hypertriglyceridemia and are administering larger dosages of n-3 PUFA than employed in previous RCTs. These are expected to clarify the potential role of long-chain n-3 PUFA supplementation in CVD risk management.
Flax and flaxseed oil: an ancient medicine & modern functional food; Flaxseed is emerging as an important functional food ingredient because of its rich contents of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, omega-3 fatty acid), lignans, and fiber. Flaxseed oil, fibers and flax lignans have potential health benefits such as in reduction of cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, diabetes, cancer, arthritis, osteoporosis, autoimmune and neurological disorders. Flax protein helps in the prevention and treatment of heart disease and in supporting the immune system. As a functional food ingredient, flax or flaxseed oil has been incorporated into baked foods, juices, milk and dairy products, muffins, dry pasta products, macaroni and meat products. The present review focuses on the evidences of the potential health benefits of flaxseed through human and animals' recent studies and commercial use in various food products.
Alpha-linolenic acid protects against cardiac injury and remodelling induced by beta-adrenergic overstimulation; We investigated the effect of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in protecting the heart from injury caused by beta-adrenergic overstimulation. ALA's role either in isoproterenol (ISO)-treated isolated rat cardiomyocytes (H9c2 cells) or in in vivo rat hearts was studied. In isolated cardiomyocytes in vitro, the involvement of kinases (Src and PI3K) in protection was tested using the specific inhibitors (PP2 or LY294002 respectively), while the role of caveolae was assessed by their disruption with methyl-beta-cyclodextrin. The rats underwent either a normal chow diet or, alternatively, an ALA-enriched diet before, during and throughout the 60 days after 5 days of isoproterenol administration. Before sacrifice, the hemodynamic changes were measured using echocardiography. In the explanted hearts, histological changes together with molecular markers of cardiac fibrosis and hypertrophy were evaluated. In H9c2 cells, ALA abolished the ISO-induced reduction of viability. This effect was suppressed by both the inhibitor PP2 or LY294002 and the caveolae disrupter methyl-beta-cyclodextrin. In the rats, ALA prevented ISO-induced myocardial fibrosis and hypertrophy and kept the cardiac mechanical function as in the control. It also counteracted the increased expressions of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) and beta-myosin (beta-MHC), the decreased expression of tissue inhibitor metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) and the enhanced activity of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2). In conclusion, ALA-induced protection requires the integrity of caveolae where beta(2)-adrenergic receptors (beta(2)ARs) are restricted and mediate the activation of the Src-PI3K protective pathway. By preserving this beta(2)AR pro-survival pathway, an ALA-enriched diet protects the heart against ISO-induced fibrosis and hypertrophy.
Possibilities of a Preparation Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Treatment of Patients With Ventricular Arrhythmias and Myocardial Infarction; The aim was to study the effectiveness of prescription medication containing 90% omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for 6 months on ventricular arrhythmias in patients with myocardial infarction less than a year ago. The study involved 56 patients with ventricular extrasystoles, from 500 to 1000 per day. Divided into two groups of patients we divideded into I group - 30 people - received in addition to standard drug therapy of omega-3 PUFA 1 g daily, for 6 months; II group - 26 men were given only previously assigned therapies. The average age of patients in group I - 60,7 +/- 8,6, II group - 61 +/- 9,7 years (p> 0,05). ECG monitoring was performed at 3 and 6 months. Administration of highly concentration preparation of omega-3 PUFAs for 3 months reduced number of PVCs per day, frequencies of grades 2, 3, 4A, 4B, and high grade PVCs (grades 3 - 5) as a whole. These effects persisted after 6 months of treatment.
Very long chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids and human health; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids are a family of polyunsaturated fatty acids that contribute to human health and well-being. Functionally the most important n-3 fatty acids appear to be eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoioc acid (DHA), but roles for n-3 docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) are now emerging. Intakes of EPA and DHA are usually low, typically below recommended intakes. Increased intakes are reflected in greater incorporation into blood lipid, cell and tissue pools. Increased content of EPA andDHAmodifies the structure of cellmembranes and the function of membrane proteins involved as receptors, signaling proteins, transporters, and enzymes. EPA and DHA modify the production of lipid mediators and through effects on cell signaling can alter patterns of gene expression. Through these actions EPAandDHA alter cell and tissue responsiveness in a manner that seems to result in more optimal conditions for growth, development, and maintenance of health. The effects of n-3 fatty acids are evident right through the life course, meaning that there is a need for all sectors of the population to have a sufficient intake of these important nutrients. EPA and DHA have a wide range of physiological roles which are linked to certain health or clinical benefits.
US Family Physicians Overestimate Personal ω-3 Fatty Acid Biomarker Status: Associations with Fatty Fish and ω-3 Supplement Intake; Background: The health benefits of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids are well established. Only a small percentage of Americans consume the recommended amounts of fatty fish, the main dietary source of omega-3 fatty acids, and most have low omega-3 fatty acid blood concentrations.
A 'Desaturase Hypothesis' for Atherosclerosis: Janus-Faced Enzymes in ω-6 and ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolism; The delta-5 and delta-6 desaturases are key enzymes in the metabolism of omega-3 (omega-3) and omega-6 (omega-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), which in turn influence cellular functions by regulating several metabolic pathways with well-known effects on the cardiovascular system. At present, data about desaturase activity and cardiovascular risk remain inconclusive. In this short review we propose a 'desaturase hypothesis' of atherosclerosis, providing suggestions for the Janus-faced role of desaturases, with both more favorable (mainly related to omega-3 long-chain fatty acids) and more harmful (mainly related to omega-6 long-chain fatty acids) cardiovascular effects than those obtained in subjects with lower desaturase activity. In particular in populations eating a Western diet rich in omega-6 PUFA, a high desaturase activity may promote an increased bioavailability of arachidonic acid with prevailing synthesis of arachidonic acid-derived proinflammatory eicosanoids, finally favoring atherosclerotic vascular damage. In contrast, high desaturase activity in subjects consuming a diet rich in omega-3 PUFA or receiving omega-3 PUFA supplementation could result in the opposite situation with a preferential synthesis of anti-inflammatory eicosanoids. For these reasons, carriers of specific FADS haplotypes may be predisposed to more pronounced vascular inflammatory damage, but also to an increased beneficial effect with omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Copyright (c) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Dietary flaxseed protects against ventricular fibrillation induced by ischemia-reperfusion in normal and hypercholesterolemic rabbits; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the (n-3) PUFA found in fish Oils, exert antiarrhythmic effects during ischemia. Flaxseed is the richest plant source of another (n-3) PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), yet its effects remain largely unknown. Our objective was to determine whether a flaxseed-rich diet is antiarrhythmic in normal and hypercholesterolemic rabbits. Male New Zealand White (NZW) rabbits (n = 14-16) were fed as follows: regular diet (REG group); diet containing 10% flaxseed (FLX group); 0.5% cholesterol (CHL group); or 0.5% cholesterol + 10% flaxseed (CHL/FLX group) for up to 16 wk. Plasma cholesterol was significantly elevated in the CHL and CH/FLX groups. Plasma triglycerides were unchanged. ALA levels increased significantly in plasma and hearts of the FLX and CH/FLX groups. After the feeding period, rabbit hearts were isolated and subjected to global ischemia (30 min) and reperfusion (45 min). Ventricular fibrillation (VF) occurred during ischemia in 33% of REG but in none of FLX hearts, and 28% of CHL but only 6% of CHL/FLX hearts. VF incidence during reperfusion was 28% and 26% in REG and FLX hearts, respectively. The incidence significantly increased to 64% in CHL hearts, and was significantly attenuated (18%) in CHL/FLX hearts. CHL markedly prolonged the QT interval, whereas FLX significantly shortened the QT interval and reduced arrhythmias in the FLX and CHL/FLX hearts. In vitro application of (n-3) PUFA shortened the action, potential duration, an effect consistent with the QT data. This study demonstrates that dietary flaxseed exerts antiarrhythmic effects during ischemia-reperfusion in rabbit hearts, possibly through shortening of the action potential.
Potential Cardioprotective Effects and Lipid Mediator Differences in Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplemented Mice Given Chemotherapy; Many commonly used chemotherapies induce mitochondrial dysfunction in cardiac muscle, which leads to cardiotoxicity and heart failure later in life. Dietary long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) have demonstrated cardioprotective function in non-chemotherapy models of heart failure, potentially through the formation of LC n-3 PUFA-derived bioactive lipid metabolites. However, it is unknown whether dietary supplementation with LC n-3 PUFA can protect against chemotherapy-induced cardiotoxicity. To test this, 36 female ovariectomized C57BL/6J mice were randomized in a two-by-two factorial design to either a low (0 g/kg EPA + DHA) or high (12.2 g/kg EPA + DHA) LC n-3 PUFA diet, and received either two vehicle or two chemotherapy (9 mg/kg anthracycline + 90 mg/kg cyclophosphamide) tail vein injections separated by two weeks. Body weight and food intake were measured as well as heart gene expression and fatty acid composition. Heart mitochondria were isolated using differential centrifugation. Mitochondrial isolate oxylipin and N-acylethanolamide levels were measured by mass spectrometry after alkaline hydrolysis. LC n-3 PUFA supplementation attenuated some chemotherapy-induced differences (Myh7, Col3a1) in heart gene expression, and significantly altered various lipid species in cardiac mitochondrial preparations including several epoxy fatty acids [17(18)-EpETE] and N-acylethanolamines (arachidonoylethanolamine, AEA), suggesting a possible functional link between heart lipids and cardiotoxicity.
Antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 fatty acids: evidence from human studies; Purpose of review
Cardiovascular risk and the omega-3 index; A reliable risk factor for sudden cardiac death (SCD) for the general population remains to be defined. We propose the omega-3 index, defined as the combined percentage of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) in red blood cell membranes. It reflects the EPA+ DHA status of a given individual. It can be determined by a standardised and reproducible laboratory procedure. Several lines of evidence support the omega-3 index as a risk factor for SCD: in epidemiological studies, a steep dependence of risk for SCD and the omega-3 index has been observed between 6.5% (risk 0.1) and 3.3% (risk 1.0). EPA + DHA are antiarrhythmic on the supraventricular and ventricular levels. Dietary EPA + DHA reduce the incidence of SCD. Cardiac societies recommend EPA+ DHA for prevention of SCD. The omega-3 index can assess risk for SCD and monitor therapy with EPA + DHA. Moreover, compares very favourably with other risk factors for SCD.
People with schizophrenia and depression have a low omega-3 index; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is higher in people with mental illness and is associated with a 30 year higher mortality rate in this population. Erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) plus eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (omega-3 index) <= 4% is a marker for increased mortality risk from CVD while > 8% is protective. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are also important for brain function and may ameliorate symptoms of mental illness. We investigated the erythrocyte omega-3 index in people with mental illness. One hundred and thirty adults aged 18-65 years (32.6% male) with schizophrenia (n=14) and depression (n=116) provided blood samples and completed physiological assessments and questionnaires. Both populations had risk factors for metabolic syndrome and CVD. The average omega-3 index was 3.95% (SD=1.06), compared to an estimated 5% in the Australian population. These data indicate an unfavourable omega-3 profile in people with mental illness that could contribute to higher CVD risk. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enhanced increase of omega-3 index in healthy individuals with response to 4-week n-3 fatty acid supplementation from krill oil versus fish oil; Background: Due to structural differences, bioavailability of krill oil, a phospholipid based oil, could be higher than fish oil, a triglyceride-based oil, conferring properties that render it more effective than fish oil in increasing omega-3 index and thereby, reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk.
Highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are effective as adjunct therapy for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction - Critical analysis of GISSI-Prevenzione trial; Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevenzione was the first large randomized trial to produce evidence that a pharmaceutical preparation of highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), administered as an adjunct to other accepted interventions, had a favorable effect on hard clinical end-points in post-myocardial infarction patients. Much of the 20% all-cause mortality benefit recorded during the study could be attributed to a 45% reduction in sudden death - a fatal outcome that traditionally has proved resistant to medical intervention. These results were obtained with an omega-3 PUFA dose of 1 g/day, which is much lower than was routinely being used at the time the study was initiated (e.g. 4 g/day for hypertriglyceridemia). One consequence of this low-dose regimen was that the tolerability profile of omega-3 PUFAs during GISSI-Prevenzione was considered highly satisfactory, with low adverse event incidence rates and low rates of discontinuation due to adverse events. Time-course analysis established that much of the survival benefit of omega-3 PUFA treatment in GISSI-Prevenzione was realized during the early months of the trial. The beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFA treatment were observed on top of standard, secondary pharmacological prevention therapy like anti-platelet agents, statins, beta-blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors. The benefits of omega-3 PUFA therapy were also apparent in patients at all standards of adherence to a healthy diet and may have been augmented in patients with the best dietary profile. Patients with diabetes mellitus (approximate to 15% of the study cohort) appeared to benefit from omega-3 PUFAs to at least the same extent as the general study population; the treatment effect on sudden death was progressively more pronounced as left ejection fraction declined. Cost-effectiveness analyses undertaken from a third-party payer perspective for Italy revealed that the cost of low-dose treatment with highly purified omega-3 PUFAs was approximately EURO 25,000 per life-year gained.
The Effects of Alpha-Linolenic Acid on the Secretory Activity of Astrocytes and β Amyloid-Associated Neurodegeneration in Differentiated SH-SY5Y Cells: Alpha-Linolenic Acid Protects the SH-SY5Y cells against β Amyloid Toxicity; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common neurodegenerative disorder. Amyloid beta- (A beta-) induced mitochondrial dysfunction may be a primary process triggering all the cascades of events that lead to AD. Therefore, identification of natural factors and endogenous mechanisms that protect neurons against A beta toxicity is needed. In the current study, we investigated whether alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), as a natural product, would increase insulin and IGF-I (insulin-like growth factor I) release from astrocytes. Moreover, we explored the protective effect of astrocytes-derived insulin/IGF-I on A beta-induced neurotoxicity, with special attention paid to their impact on mitochondrial function of differentiated SH-SY5Y cells. The results showed that ALA induced insulin and IGF-I secretion from astrocytes. Our findings demonstrated that astrocyte-derived insulin/insulin-like growth factor I protects differentiated SH-SY5Y cells against A beta(1-42)-induced cell death. Moreover, pretreatment with conditioned medium (CM) and ALA-preactivated CM (ALA-CM) protected the SH-SY5Y cells against A beta(1-42)-induced mitochondrial dysfunction by reducing the depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane, increasing mitochondrial biogenesis, restoring the balance between fusion and fission processes, and regulation of mitophagy and autophagy processes. Our study suggested that astrocyte-derived insulin/insulin-like growth factor I suppresses A beta(1-42)-induced cytotoxicity in the SH-SY5Y cells by protecting against mitochondrial dysfunction. Moreover, the neuroprotective effects of CM were intensified by preactivation with ALA.
The Omega-3 Fatty Acid Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Correlates Inversely with Ischemic Brain Infarcts in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation; The omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduces stroke in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Whether EPA affects stroke or cerebral small vessel dis-ease in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) remains uncertain. EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) were determined by gas chromatography in 1657 AF patients from the Swiss Atrial Fibrillation study. All patients underwent brain MRI to detect ischemic brain infarcts, classified as large noncortical or cortical infarcts (LNCCIs); markers of small vessel disease, classified as small noncortical infarcts (SNCIs), number of microbleeds, and white matter lesion (WML) volumes. Individual and total n-3 FAs (EPA + DHA + DPA + ALA) were correlated with LNCCIs and SNCIs using logistic regression, with numbers of microbleeds using a hurdle model, and WML volumes using linear regression. LNCCIs were detected in 372 patients (22.5%). EPA correlated inversely with the prevalence of LNCCIs (odds ratio [OR] 0.51 per increase of 1 percentage point EPA, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.29-0.90). DPA correlated with a higher LNCCI prevalence (OR 2.48, 95%CI 1.49-4.13). No associations with LNCCIs were found for DHA, ALA, and total n-3 FAs. Neither individual nor total n-3 FAs correlated with markers of small vessel disease. In conclusion, EPA correlates inversely with the prevalence of ischemic brain infarcts, but not with markers of small vessel disease in patients with AF.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: New Developments and Applications; The omega-3 fatty acids (FA) found in fish oils, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (EPA and DHA, respectively), have been extensively studied therapeutically in a wide variety of disease conditions, but in none more than cardiovascular disease (CVD). Our review summarizes mechanisms of action, recent meta-analyses of CVD outcome trials, sources (fish and supplements), and recommendations for use of omega-3 FA in clinical practice. With the ability to now measure the omega-3 FA biostatus through blood tests, patients can achieve cardioprotective levels by either taking fish oil supplements or simply eating more oily fish. Two omega-3 FA formulations (both in the ethyl ester form) have been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with very high triglyceride levels (>500 mg/dL); one contains both EPA and DHA, whereas the other contains only EPA. The agents have been extensively tested in 2 patient populations, those with very high triglycerides and those with triglycerides between 200 and 500 mg/dL while on background statin therapy. In general, treatment with EPA+DHA appears to lower patient triglycerides more effectively, but in those patients with very high triglyceride levels, use of EPA+DHA also raised low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, whereas EPA alone did not. Both formulations, at doses that do not lower triglycerides, have been shown to reduce CVD events in some, but not all, studies. Given the favorable risk-to-benefit ratio for these essentially nutritional agents, use is expected to continue to expand.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids are cerebral vasodilators via the TREK-1 potassium channel; Vessel occlusion is the most frequent cause for impairment of local blood flow within the brain resulting in neuronal damage and is a leading cause of disability and death worldwide. Polyunsaturated fatty acids and especially alpha-linolenic acid improve brain resistance against cerebral ischemia. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids and particularly alpha-linolenic acid on the cerebral blood flow and on the tone of vessels that regulate brain perfusion. alpha-Linolenic acid injections increased cerebral blood flow and induced vasodilation of the basilar artery but not of the carotid artery. The saturated fatty acid palmitic acid did not produce vasodilation. This suggested that the target of the polyunsaturated fatty acids effect was the TREK-1 potassium channel. We demonstrate the presence of this channel in basilar but not in carotid arteries. We show that vasodilations induced by the polyunsaturated fatty acid in the basilar artery as well as the laser-Doppler flow increase are abolished in TREK-1(-/-) mice. Altogether these data indicate that TREK-1 activation elicits a robust dilation that probably accounts for the increase of cerebral blood flow induced by polyunsaturated fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic acid or docosahexanoic acid. They suggest that the selective expression and activation of TREK-1 in brain collaterals could play a significant role in the protective mechanisms of polyunsaturated fatty acids against stroke by providing residual circulation during ischemia.
Flaxseed: its bioactive components and their cardiovascular benefits; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of mortality and morbidity worldwide. The inclusion of functional foods and natural health products in the diet are gaining increasing recognition as integral components of lifestyle changes in the fight against cardiovascular disease. Several preclinical and clinical studies have shown the beneficial cardiovascular effects of dietary supplementation with flaxseed. The cardiovascular effects of dietary flaxseed have included an antihypertensive action, antiatherogenic effects, a lowering of cholesterol, an anti-inflammatory action, and an inhibition of arrhythmias. Its enrichment in the omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid and the antioxidant lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside as well as its high fiber content have been implicated primarily in these beneficial cardiovascular actions. Although not as well recognized, flaxseed is also composed of other potential bioactive compounds such as proteins, cyclolinopeptides, and cyanogenic glycosides, which may also produce biological actions. These compounds could also be responsible for the cardiovascular effects of flaxseed. This article will not only summarize the cardiovascular effects of dietary supplementation with flaxseed but also review its bioactive compounds in terms of their properties, biological effects, and proposed mechanisms of action. It will also discuss promising research directions for the future to identify additional health-related benefits of dietary flaxseed.
OmacorA® (prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90): From severe rhythm disorders to hypertriglyceridemia; Despite progress made in post-myocardial infarction (MI) revascularization and background therapy for the failing heart, the prevention of adverse cardiac remodeling associated with severe rhythm disorders remains an important drug target. Part of the remodeling can be counteracted by modulating the activity of ion channels and exchangers by omega-3 acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In the GISSI-Prevenzione and GISSI-HF trials, omega-3 fatty acids were administered as ethyl esters (OmacorA (R) Solvay Pharmaceuticals) and not as triglycerides present in fish oil. Ethyl esters result in a sustained intestinal absorption of EPA and DHA and require various purification steps during production, thereby minimizing the content of environmental toxins. Also the rather high (38%) DHA content of OmacorA (R) should not be ignored since in rats with low dose intake of omega-3 acids, DHA but not EPA inhibited ischemia-induced arrhythmias. In patients on multiple tablets, 840 mg EPA+DHA in one capsule is preferred to increase compliance. It is not justified to refer to OmacorA (R) as "n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation" or even "fish oil" and, based on controlled clinical trials, there is no evidence that fish oil could be a substitute of OmacorA (R). To avoid further confusion, guidelines should be precise and refer to the medication, eg, as in NICE guideline CG48: "Omega-3-acid ethyl esters treatment licensed for secondary prevention post-MI." The anti-arrhythmogenic action of OmacorA (R) should be seen in the context of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator trials (DINAMIT, IRIS) where non-sudden death was increased and total mortality unaltered. However, OmacorA (R) administered in the GISSI-HF trial reduced the incidence of severe arrhythmic events and mortality. Also in the GISSI-Prevenzione trial, arrhythmic death and mortality were reduced. At higher dosages (daily, 3-4 g) OmacorA (R) exhibits more pronounced cardiovascular benefits and, as a licensed indication, improves hypertriglyceridemia and related lipid parameters.
Effects of alpha-linolenic acid <i>vs</i>. docosahexaenoic acid supply on the distribution of fatty acids among the rat cardiac subcellular membranes after a short- or long-term dietary exposure; Background: Previous work showed that the functional cardiac effect of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in rats requires a long feeding period (6 months), although a docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid-supply affects cardiac adrenergic response after 2 months. However, the total cardiac membrane n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition remained unchanged after 2 months. This delay could be due to a specific reorganization of the different subcellular membrane PUFA profiles. This study was designed to investigate the evolution between 2 and 6 months of diet duration of the fatty acid profile in sarcolemmal (SL), mitochondrial (MI), nuclear (NU) and sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) membrane fractions.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Susceptibility to Ventricular Fibrillation Lack of Protection and a Proarrhythmic Effect; Background-Recent clinical studies that evaluated the effects of supplemental omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on sudden cardiac death have yielded conflicting results. Our aim was to clarify this issue using an established and clinical relevant canine model of sudden cardiac death.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on serum myostatin, body composition, blood glucose, lipid profile and hs-CRP level in overweight men with coronary heart disease: A randomized double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial; Background: Cardiovascular diseases, including heart cachexia, are considered as one of the most critical issues in health care that could be affected by several factors, such as myostatin whose critical role has been confirmed in the progress of heart cachexia and cardiac muscle dysfunction. This study was conducted to clarify the precise role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3PUFA) on lipid profile, blood glucose, body composition, and serum level of myostatin in individuals with coronary artery disease (CAD). Materials and methods: Forty-two adult males (aged 45-65 years) with CAD had been confirmed by angiography were randomly divided into two groups, group 1 received omega-3 (1200mg daily) and group 2 received placebo (paraffin) for 8 weeks. The serum level of myostatin was measured using an ELISA kit in the beginning and at the end of the intervention. Moreover, body composition and anthropometric measurements of the patients were also evaluated. Result: A significant difference was observed in the myostatin level after 8weeks of intervention with omega3 supplement between omega3 and placebo group (p = 0.02).There was a significant difference in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein(hsCRP) concentration (p = 0.02) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.01) between intervention group and control group at the end of the intervention. However, no statistically significant changes were seen in the body composition, anthropometric parameters, fasting insulin level, and fasting blood sugar within and between the groups. Conclusion: Omega-3 oral supplementation may improve the status of CAD patients by decreasing the level of myostatin, LDL-C and hs-CRP.
Omega-3 in Antiarrhythmic Therapy Cons Position; The association between omega-3 (n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids)and the clinical outcome of patients with cardiovascular diseases such as coronary heart disease is currently unclear, especially regarding its possible antiarrhythmic effects and the not quite understood mechanisms of action. In the last 15 years, several epidemiological studies have shown a lower incidence of sudden cardiac death with a diet rich in omega-3 or fish consumption. The antiarrhythmic properties related to omega-3 have been related to modulation of sodium-dependent ion channels or sodium-calcium exchangers of myocytes through a reduction of their excitability especially in ischaemic or damaged myocardial tissue. However, the results of experimental studies have not always been consistent. Although the role of omega-3 in preventing sudden cardiac death has been evaluated in several clinical trials that included patients with coronary artery disease (particularly in patients with post-myocardial infarction), the interpretation of such data must be treated with extreme caution. In particular, while a reduction in cardiac death was demonstrated by a meta-analysis of several randomized clinical trials, a reduced risk of sudden cardiac death has been described only in the GISSI-Prevenzione study, while in other studies the evidence that emerged is more controversial, with wide confidence intervals that support the possibility of heterogeneity in the distribution of the factors involved in the efficacy of treatment. Omega-3 is probably involved in the prevention of cardiovascular mortality through different mechanisms, and it is crucial to study its association with other drugs such as ACE inhibitors or calcium channel blockers. The study of antiarrhythmic drugs has been divided into prevention of supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias. In these conditions, the role of omega-3 seems to be more pronounced in atrial tachyarrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation, but does not have a role in ventricular arrhythmias. In summary, the antiarrhythmic effect of omega-3 is not clearly evident and further studies are needed to investigate its beneficial effect in cardiac mortality compared with arrhythmic death.
Omega-3 Index and Anti-Arrhythmic Potential of Omega-3 PUFAs; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), namely eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are permanent subjects of interest in relation to the protection of cardiovascular health and the prevention of the incidence of both ventricular and atrial arrhythmias. The purpose of this updated review is to focus on the novel cellular and molecular effects of omega-3 PUFAs, in the context of the mechanisms and factors involved in the development of cardiac arrhythmias; to provide results of the most recent studies on the omega-3 PUFA anti-arrhythmic efficacy and to discuss the lack of the benefit in relation to omega-3 PUFA status. The evidence is in the favor of omega-3 PUFA acute and long-term treatment, perhaps with mitochondria-targeted antioxidants. However, for a more objective evaluation of the anti-arrhythmic potential of omega-3 PUFAs in clinical trials, it is necessary to monitor the basal pre-interventional omega-3 status of individuals, i.e., red blood cell content, omega-3 index and free plasma levels. In the view of evidence-based medicine, it seems to be crucial to aim to establish new approaches in the prevention of cardiac arrhythmias and associated morbidity and mortality that comes with these conditions.
Circulating eicosapentaenoic acid to oleic acid ratio and risk for cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease: A sub-analysis of the SHINANO registry; Background: The omega-3/omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio, particularly the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio, is associated with cardiovascular disease. However, the clinical impact of omega-9 monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) on cardiovascular disease is not well understood. In this study, we evaluated whether the PUFA/MUFA ratio, especially the EPA/oleic acid (OA) ratio, predicted clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
Effect of omega-3 supplementation on the omega-3 blood index and fatty acid biomarkers in healthy individuals; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids are associated with beneficial health outcomes including reduced cardiovascular disease. Few individuals meet their requirements for omega 3 fatty acids through foods. Supplementation may be a viable option.
The Mediterranean-style diet for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Objectives: To discuss present knowledge about Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular diseases.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background. Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are defined as conditions involving decreased blood flow to the heart that can lead to heart attacks, stroke or other disorders. CVDs are a common cause of death in lowand middle-income countries. In South Africa (SA) in particular, CVD is the leading cause of death after HIV/AIDS, responsible for 1 in 6 deaths. CVD risk factors include unhealthy diets, hypertension, obesity, high cholesterol levels and diabetes. Omega-3 fatty acids may have a protective role in the risk of developing heart disease.
Association between Polymorphisms in the Fatty Acid Desaturase Gene Cluster and the Plasma Triacylglycerol Response to an <i>n</i>-3 PUFA Supplementation; Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids have been reported to have a variety of beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, a large inter-individual variability in the plasma lipid response to an omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation is observed in different studies. Genetic variations may influence plasma lipid responsiveness. The aim of the present study was to examine the effects of a supplementation with n-3 PUFA on the plasma lipid profile in relation to the presence of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene cluster. A total of 208 subjects from Quebec City area were supplemented with 3 g/day of n-3 PUFA, during six weeks. In a statistical model including the effect of the genotype, the supplementation and the genotype by supplementation interaction, SNP rs174546 was significantly associated (p = 0.02) with plasma triglyceride (TG) levels, pre- and post-supplementation. The n-3 supplementation had an independent effect on plasma TG levels and no significant genotype by supplementation interaction effects were observed. In summary, our data support the notion that the FADS gene cluster is a major determinant of plasma TG levels. SNP rs174546 may be an important SNP associated with plasma TG levels and FADS1 gene expression independently of a nutritional intervention with n-3 PUFA.
Dietary Reference Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for Koreans; This paper examines the process and evidence used to create the Dietary Reference Intake (DRI) of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for Koreans. ALA (18:3n3) is an essential fatty acid, and EPA and DHA are known to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease risk and reduction of triglyceride levels. Various international organizations have suggested dietary recommendations for n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including ALA, EPA, and DHA. A DRI for Koreans was established for the first time in 2020, specifically for the adequate intake (AI) of ALA and EPA + DHA. This recommendation was based on the average intake of ALA and EPA + DHA from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2013???2017. For Korean infants, the AI of ALA and DHA was based on the fatty acid composition of maternal milk. Estimated average requirement and a tolerable upper intake level have not been set for n-3 PUFA due to insufficient evidence. In addition, the intake level of n-3 PUFA for prevention of chronic disease has also not been determined. Future studies and randomized controlled trials are required to establish the UL and to define the level for disease prevention.
Intake of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and long-term outcome in renal transplant recipients: a <i>post hoc</i> analysis of a prospective cohort study; Supplementation with n-3 fatty acids may improve long-term outcomes of renal transplant recipients (RTR). Recent evidence suggests that EPA and DHA have different outcomes compared with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). We examined the prospective associations of EPA-DHA and ALA intakes with graft failure and all-cause mortality in 637 RTR. During 3.1 years (interquartile range 2.7, 3.8) of follow-up, forty-one developed graft failure and sixty-seven died. In age-and sex-adjusted analyses, EPA-DHA and ALA intakes were not associated with graft failure. EPA-DHA intake was not significantly associated with mortality (hazard ratio (HR) 0.79; 95% CI 0.54, 1.15 per 0.1 energy% difference). ALA intake was significantly associated with mortality (HR 1.17; 95% CI 1.04, 1.31 per 0.1 energy% difference). This association remained following adjustments for BMI, proteinuria and intakes of fat, carbohydrate and protein. RTR in the highest tertile of ALA intake exhibited about 2-fold higher mortality risk (HR 2.21; 95% CI 1.23, 3.97) compared with the lowest tertile. In conclusion, ALA intake may be associated with increased mortality in RTR. Future RCT are needed to confirm these results.
Dietary intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction in coronary artery disease patients with or without diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; Background: A beneficial effect of a high n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) intake has been observed in heart failure patients, who are frequently insulin resistant. We investigated the potential influence of impaired glucose metabolism on the relation between dietary intake of n-3 LCPUFAs and risk of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in patients with coronary artery disease.
EFFECT OF OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACID SUPPLEMENTATION ON GLYCEMIC CONTROL AND RENAL FUNCTION IN TYPE 2 DIABETIC PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE; Introduction: The aim of this study was to evaluate the short-term effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) supplementation on glycemic control and renal function in type 2 diabetic patients with chronic kidney disease.
BIBLIOMETRIC AND THEMATIC ANALYSIS OF THE SCIENTIFIC LITERATURE ABOUT OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS INDEXED IN INTERNATIONAL DATABASES ON HEALTH SCIENCES; Objective: To evaluate by bibliometric and thematic analysis the scientific literature on omega-3 fatty acids indexed in international databases on health sciences and to establish a comparative base for future analysis.
α-Linolenic acid and exercise training independently, and additively, decrease blood pressure and prevent diastolic dysfunction in obese Zucker rats; Although alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and endurance exercise training independently attenuate hyperlipidaemia-related cardiovascular derangements, there is a paucity of information pertaining to their mechanisms of action and efficacy when combined as a preventative therapeutic approach. Therefore, we used obese Zucker rats to investigate the independent and combined effects of these interventions on cardiovascular disease. Specifically, animals were randomly assigned to one of the following groups: control diet-sedentary, ALA supplemented-sedentary, control diet-exercise trained or ALA supplemented-exercise trained. Following a 4week intervention, although the independent and combined effects of ALA and exercise reduced (P<0.05) the serum free/esterified cholesterol ratio, only the ALA supplemented-exercise trained animals displayed a reduction in the content of both serum free and esterified cholesterol. Moreover, although ALA and endurance training individually increased cardiac output, stroke volume and end-diastolic volume, as well as reduced left ventricle fibrosis, mean blood pressure and total peripheral resistance, these responses were all greater following the combined intervention (ALA supplemented-exercise trained). These effects occurred independent of changes in oxidative phosphorylation proteins, markers of oxidative stress or endogenous anti-oxidant capacity. We propose that the beneficial effects of a combined intervention occur as a result of divergent mechanisms of action elicited by ALA and endurance exercise because only exercise training increased the capillary content in the left ventricle and skeletal muscle, and tended to decrease protein carbonylation in the left ventricle (P=0.06). Taken together, our data indicate that combining ALA and endurance exercise provides additional improvements in cardiovascular disease risk reduction compared to singular interventions in the obese Zucker rat.
An introduction to dietary/supplemental omega-3 fatty acids for general health and prevention: Part II; The correction of a subtle nutritional deficiency that may reduce the risk of a future chronic disease is indeed a challenge. However, some specific examples in the past, such as the addition of folic acid to prevent neural tube defects and calcium and vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis, should provide some encouragement that some conditions can be prevented with the appropriate addition of a deficient compound. One of the most intriguing current and future impacts on public health may come from a higher intake of omega-3 fatty acids, such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The omega-3 fatty acids continue to accumulate research that suggests that they may prevent a variety of diverse chronic diseases and potentially some acute clinical scenarios. In the first part of this article, the potential for these compounds to prevent certain cardiovascular conditions are discussed. In the second part, the potential for an impact in arthritis, numerous areas of cancer research, depression, maternal and child health, neurologic diseases, osteoporosis, and other medical disciplines are also briefly covered. The future appears bright for these agents, but specifically which conditions, who qualifies, testing, frequency, adequate sources, future trials, and numerous other questions need to be addressed and answered before the potential impact can catch up to the recent hype. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid Exerts an Endothelial Protective Effect against High Glucose Injury via PI3K/Akt Pathway; Mounting evidence has indicated that the cardiovascular protective effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), but whether ALA exerts an endothelial protective effect against high glucose injury and the underlying mechanisms remain largely unknown. Streptozocin-induced diabetic rats were randomized treated orally for 4 weeks with vehicle (0.01% alcohol) or ALA (500 mu g/kg per day by gavage). Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were exposed to high glucose (28 mmol/L) stimulation for 48 hours. ALA significantly improved concentration-dependent vasorelaxation to ACh in diabetic aortic segments and inhibited endothelial inflammation as evidenced by decreased soluble P-selectin and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) in diabetic rats. Furthermore, both P-selectin and ICAM-1 expression were increased significantly in high glucose-induced HUVECs, resulting in enhanced neutrophils adhesion to HUVECs compared with normal glucose group. Treatment with ALA (50 mmol/L) increased Akt phosphorylation, attenuated P-selectin and ICAM-1 expressions and thus inhibited neutrophils adhesion in HUVECs exposed to high glucose, all of which was blocked by the PI3K inhibitors LY294002 and wortmannin. These data indicates that ALA inhibits endothelial inflammation and improved endothelial function in STZ-induced diabetic rats. The anti-adhesive effect of ALA against high glucose injury may partially be mediated by the PI3K/Akt pathway.
Maternal fat and fatty acid intake and birth outcomes in a South Indian population; Background: The quantity and quality of dietary fat during pregnancy play a key role in the growth and development of the fetus. The aim of this study was to examine the association between fat and fatty acid intakes in early pregnancy and birth outcomes in an apparent healthy normal South Indian population.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cognitive function; Purpose of reviewThe aim is to provide an update on omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in preventing cognitive decline and dementia.Recent findingsProspective studies and three new meta-analyses suggest that fish or n-3 PUFA intake are associated with a reduction in development of mild cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. Supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in those with mild cognitive impairment showed benefit on cognitive decline, whereas there was no benefit in Alzheimer's disease. In cognitively healthy individuals with clinical coronary artery disease (CAD), 3.36 g EPA and DHA daily slowed cognitive ageing by 2.5 years. Of 15 RCTs in cognitively healthy individuals age more than 55 years, seven reported benefit, whereas eight did not. Potential mechanisms for differences in outcomes include dose, trial duration, apolipoproteinE genotype, sex, stage and rate of cognitive decline, cognitive testing employed and individual characteristics. The downstream product of DHA, neuroprotectin D1, may be involved in beneficial effects.Patients with early memory complaints or a family history of dementia and those with CAD should be counselled on the potential benefits of fish intake and supplementation with n-3 PUFA. ApolipoproteinE4 carriers may especially benefit from DHA supplementation prior to development of cognitive decline.
Omega 3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Outcomes Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background-Early trials evaluating the effect of omega 3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) reported benefits for mortality and cardiovascular events but recent larger studies trials have variable findings. We assessed the effects of omega-3 FA on cardiovascular and other important clinical outcomes.
Metabolites derived from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are important for cardioprotection; Although controversial, some data suggest that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are beneficial to cardiovascular diseases, and could reduce infarct size. In parallel, we have reported that the administration of Resolvin D1 (RvD1), a metabolite of docosahexaenoic acid, an omega-3 PUFA, can reduce infarct size. The present study was designed to determine if the inhibition of two important enzymes involved in the formation of RvD1 from omega-3 PUFA could reduce the cardioprotective effect of omega-3 PUFA.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid for Sudden Cardiac Death Prevention in Patients with Cardiovascular Disease: A Contemporary Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Controlled Trials; Experimental and epidemiological studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids have an antiarrhythmic effect. However, evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for prevention of sudden cardiac death (SCD) remains controversial. This study sought to evaluate the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for secondary prevention of SCD in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the era of guidelines-based therapy.
Assessing Health and Economic Benefits of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Cardiovascular Disease in the Republic of Korea; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the primary cause of mortality worldwide and imposes a significant social burden on many countries. Methods: This study assessed the health and economic benefits of omega-3 associated with CVD. The meta-analysis estimated the risk ratio (RR) and absolute risk reduction (ARR), and the economic impact was calculated using direct and indirect costs related to CVD treatments in Korean adults. Results: A total of 33 studies were included in the meta-analysis on CVD outcomes, with 80,426 participants in the intervention group and 80,251 participants in the control group. The meta-analysis determined a significant reduction in omega-3 in CVD (RR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.86 similar to 0.97) and ARR (1.48%). Additionally, the subgroup analysis indicated that higher doses and the long-term consumption of omega-3 could further enhance these effects. After applying ARR from meta-analysis to the target population of about 1,167,370 in 2021, the Republic of Korea, it was estimated that omega-3 consumption could result in an economic benefit of KRW 300 billion by subtracting the purchase expenses of omega-3 supplements from the total social cost savings. Conclusion: Omega-3 supplements can help to reduce the risk of CVD and subsequent economic benefits in the Republic of Korea.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease Effects on Risk Factors, Molecular Pathways, and Clinical Events; We reviewed available evidence for cardiovascular effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption, focusing on long chain (seafood) n-3 PUFA, including their principal dietary sources, effects on physiological risk factors, potential molecular pathways and bioactive metabolites, effects on specific clinical endpoints, and existing dietary guidelines. Major dietary sources include fatty fish and other seafood. n-3 PUFA consumption lowers plasma triglycerides, resting heart rate, and blood pressure and might also improve myocardial filling and efficiency, lower inflammation, and improve vascular function. Experimental studies demonstrate direct antiarrhythmic effects, which have been challenging to document in humans. n-3 PUFA affect a myriad of molecular pathways, including alteration of physical and chemical properties of cellular membranes, direct interaction with and modulation of membrane channels and proteins, regulation of gene expression via nuclear receptors and transcription factors, changes in eicosanoid profiles, and conversion of n-3 PUFA to bioactive metabolites. In prospective observational studies and adequately powered randomized clinical trials, benefits of n-3 PUFA seem most consistent for coronary heart disease mortality and sudden cardiac death. Potential effects on other cardiovascular outcomes are less-well-established, including conflicting evidence from observational studies and/or randomized trials for effects on nonfatal myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, atrial fibrillation, recurrent ventricular arrhythmias, and heart failure. Research gaps include the relative importance of different physiological and molecular mechanisms, precise dose-responses of physiological and clinical effects, whether fish oil provides all the benefits of fish consumption, and clinical effects of plant-derived n-3 PUFA. Overall, current data provide strong concordant evidence that n-3 PUFA are bioactive compounds that reduce risk of cardiac death. National and international guidelines have converged on consistent recommendations for the general population to consume at least 250 mg/day of long-chain n-3 PUFA or at least 2 servings/week of oily fish. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2011;58:2047-67) (C) 2011 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
α-linolenic acid reduces TNF-induced apoptosis in C2C12 myoblasts by regulating expression of apoptotic proteins; Impaired regeneration and consequent muscle wasting is a major feature of muscle degenerative diseases. Nutritional interventions such as adjuvant strategy for preventing these conditions are recently gaining increasing attention. Ingestion of n3-polyunsaturated fatty acids has been suggested as having a positive impact on muscle diseases. We recently demonstrated that a diet enriched with plant derived n3-fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), exerts potent beneficial effects in preserving skeletal muscle regeneration in models of muscle dystrophy. To better elucidate the underlying mechanism we here investigate on the expression level of the anti-and pro-apoptotic proteins, as well as caspase-3 activity, in C2C12 myoblasts challenged with pathological levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF). The results demonstrated that ALA protective effect on C2C12 myoblasts was associated with a decrease in caspase-3 activity and an increase of the Bcl-2/Bax ratio. Indeed, the effect of ALA was directed to rescuing Bcl-2 expression and to revert Bax translocation to mitochondria both affected in an opposite way by TNF, a major pro-inflammatory cytokine expressed in damaged skeletal muscle. Therefore, ALA counteracts inflammatory signals in the muscle microenvironment and may represent a valuable strategy for ameliorating skeletal muscle pathologies.
Inverse relationship between long-chain n-3 fatty acids and risk of sudden cardiac death in patients starting hemodialysis; Experimental and clinical evidence suggests that long-chain n-3 fatty acids may protect against sudden cardiac death, the leading cause of mortality in hemodialysis patients. Here we investigated whether long-chain n-3 fatty acids have a protective relationship with sudden cardiac death in 100 patients who died of sudden cardiac death during the first year of starting hemodialysis and 300 patients who survived. Individuals were selected from a nationally representative cohort of over 1000 US hemodialysis units in 2004-2005. The odds of sudden cardiac death were calculated by quartile of long-chain n-3 fatty acid levels over the first year. There was a significant inverse relationship between long-chain n-3 fatty acids and the risk of sudden cardiac death even after adjusting for relevant comorbid conditions, biochemical values, and dietary fats. The odds of sudden cardiac death at 1 year for the second, third, and fourth quartile groups of long-chain n-3 fatty acids were 0.37, 0.22, and 0.20, respectively, compared with the lowest quartile. This significant inverse relationship was maintained even during the highest-risk first few months on hemodialysis. Thus, long-chain n-3 fatty acids are strongly and independently associated with a lower risk of sudden cardiac death in hemodialysis patients throughout the first year of hemodialysis.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Postconditioning Protects the Isolated Perfused Rat Heart from Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury; Aims: This study aimed to evaluate the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) postconditioning against ischemia-reperfusion (l/R) injury. Methods: Sixty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 4 groups (n = 15 for each) and used to generate the Langendorff isolated perfused rat heart model. The sham group received a continuous perfusion of 150 min. The remaining three I/R-treated groups sequentially received a 30-min perfusion, a 30-min cardioplegia, and a 90-min reperfusion. The I/R-ischemic preconditioning (IP) group additionally received three cycles of 20-s reperfusion and 20-s coronary reocclusion preceded the 90 min of reperfusion. The I/R-omega group were perfused with omega-3 PUFAs for 15 min before the 90 min of reperfusion. The myocardial infarct size, the degree of mitochondrial damage, the antioxidant capacity of the myocardium, and the cardiac functions during reperfusion were compared among groups. Results: Compared with the I/R group, the I/R-omega group had significantly reduced myocardial infarct size, reduced levels of lactate dehydrogenase and malondialdehyde, elevated superoxide dismutase level, and elevated rising (+dp/dt(max)) and descending (-dp/dt(max)) rate of left ventricular pressure. The I/R-omega group had a significantly lower rate of mitochondrial damage in myocardial tissue compared with the I/R and I/R-IP groups. Conclusion: omega-3 PUFA postconditioning possesses good cardioprotective effects and may be developed into a therapeutic strategy for myocardial I/R injury. (C) 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Could Increase One of Myokines in Male Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids have a protective role against cardiovascular disease and these protective properties are attributed to its anti-inflammatory effects. Myokines have anti-inflammatory properties and thereby reduce low-grade inflammation. Irisin, as a myokine, is considered to be therapeutic for human metabolic diseases. This study was conducted to determine the effects of Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on serum irisin in men with coronary artery disease (CAD).
Subdural hematoma after a fall in an elderly patient taking high-dose omega-3 fatty acids with warfarin and aspirin: Case report and review of the literature; The elderly population is at an increased risk for major bleeding, possibly due to increased sensitivity to anticoagulation, multiple comorbidities, and polypharmacy. Elderly patients receiving antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapy have an additional risk for bleeding. Omega-3 fatty acids, also known as fish oil, have been used for hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and other conditions. Some studies have demonstrated that consumption of fish oil concentrate, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA), results in cardiovascular benefits that include reductions in mortality, sudden death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and thrombotic stoke, as well as improvement in graft patency The mechanism of action of n-3 PUFA is not completely understood, but a dual antiplatelet and anticoagulant effect has been proposed. Few data exist on whether or not fish oilcan be used safely with other antiplatelet or anticoagulant drugs. We report the case of a patient who after a minor fall developed a subdural hematoma requiring cramotomy that likely was precipitated by concomitant use of high-dose omega-3 fatty acids 6 g/day with both aspirin and warfarin. These findings are important because of the wide availability of omega-3 fatty acids and the propensity for use of complementary and alternative medicine in patients with cardiovascular disease who are already taking antiplatelet and/or anticoagulant agents. judicious use of these combinations is advised, and pharmacists can play an important role in educating patients and other health care providers about the bleeding risks associated with combination therapy
Marine ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and survival after colorectal cancer diagnosis; Objective Experimental evidence supports an antineoplastic activity of marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs; including eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid). However, the influence of omega-3 PUFAs on colorectal cancer (CRC) survival is unknown.
Role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the course of inflammation; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially their long-chain form: eicosapentaenoic acid EPA and docosahexaenoic acid DHA have beneficial effects on animal and human health. Many studies indicate that the health promoting activity of these acids is to a large extent related to the regulation and resolving of the inflammatory process. Inflammation promotes many diseases, including arteriosclerosis, infections, autoimmune diseases, cancer, or neurodegenerative disorders. The beneficial health effects of omega-3 fatty acids results from the activity their metabolites, especially resolvins and protectins. The purpose of this paper was to present the mechanism of omega-3 fatty acids anti-inflammatory action.
The synthesis and accumulation of stearidonic acid in transgenic plants: a novel source of 'heart-healthy' omega-3 fatty acids; P>Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have a proven role in reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease and precursor disease states such as metabolic syndrome. Although most studies have focussed on the predominant omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oils (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid), recent evidence suggests similar health benefits from their common precursor, stearidonic acid. Stearidonic acid is a Delta 6-unsaturated C18 omega-3 fatty acid present in a few plant species (mainly the Boraginaceae and Primulaceae) reflecting the general absence of Delta 6-desaturation from higher plants. Using a Delta 6-desaturase from Primula vialii, we generated transgenic Arabidopsis and linseed lines accumulating stearidonic acid in their seed lipids. Significantly, the P. vialii Delta 6-desaturase specifically only utilises alpha-linolenic acid as a substrate, resulting in the accumulation of stearidonic acid but not omega-6 gamma-linolenic acid. Detailed lipid analysis revealed the accumulation of stearidonic acid in neutral lipids such as triacylglycerol but an absence from the acyl-CoA pool. In the case of linseed, the achieved levels of stearidonic acid (13.4% of triacylglycerols) are very similar to those found in the sole natural commercial plant source (Echium spp.) or transgenic soybean oil. However, both those latter oils contain gamma-linolenic acid, which is not normally present in fish oils and considered undesirable for heart-healthy applications. By contrast, the stearidonic acid-enriched linseed oil is essentially devoid of this fatty acid. Moreover, the overall omega-3/omega-6 ratio for this modified linseed oil is also significantly higher. Thus, this nutritionally enhanced linseed oil may have superior health-beneficial properties.
The Omega-3 Index: a new risk factor for death from coronary heart disease?; Background. Low intakes or blood levels of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (EPA + DHA) are independently associated with increased risk of death from coronary heart disease (CHD). In randomized secondary prevention trials, fish or fish oil have been demonstrated to reduce total and CHD mortality at intakes of about 1 g/day. Red blood cell (RBC) fatty acid (FA) composition reflects long-term intake of EPA + DHA. We propose that the RBC EPA + DHA (hereafter called the Omega-3 Index) be considered a new risk factor for death from CHD.
Gender differences in the <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid content of tissues; Dietary n-3 PUFA have many beneficial effects on cell and tissue function and on human health. In mammals the n-3 essential fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALNA) can be converted into longer-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA such as EPA and DHA via a series of desaturase and elongase enzymes that are mainly active in the liver. Human studies have identified that males and females appear to differ in their ability to synthesise EPA and DHA from ALNA, with associated differences in circulating concentrations. Based on studies of women using the contraceptive pill or hormone-replacement therapy and of trans-sexual subjects it is suggested that sex hormones play a role in these differences. The rat has been used to investigate gender differences in n-3 PUFA status since this model allows greater dietary control than is possible in human subjects. Like human subjects, female rats have higher plasma DHA concentrations than males. Rats also respond to increased dietary ALNA in a way that is comparable with available human data. The concentrations of LC n-3 PUFA in rat plasma and tissues are positively associated with circulating concentrations of oestradiol and progesterone and negatively associated with circulating concentrations of testosterone. These findings suggest that sex hormones act to modify plasma and tissue n-3 PUFA content, possibly by altering the expression of desaturase and elongase enzymes in the liver, which is currently under investigation.
Long-chain Ω-3 fatty acids from fish reduce sudden cardiac death in patients with coronary heart disease; An increase in the uptake of long-chain Omega-3 fatty acids from fish with the diet or as ethyl esters resulted in a decreased risk for cardiac death. As mechanism for this rapidly occurring benefit (within 90 days of treatment significantly different to placebo) antiarrhythmic effects at cardiac myocytes and plaques stabilization can be discussed. The results of the GISSI Prevenzione Trial show that 175 patients have to be treated for one year to avoid one death. Regarding other available data for secondary prevention this efficacy is superior to pravastatin and at the same level as simvastatin or aspirin. Only beta-blocking agents are superior, but it is of interest that long-chain Omega-3 fatty acids from fish display their beneficial effects even in patients already treated with beta-blockers. As the intake of 0.85 g of long-chain Omega-3 fatty acids from fish per day can be regarded as save and the positive effect on total mortality occurs already after 90 days their regular use is a promising additional measure for secondary prevention.
'Designer oils' low in n-6:n-3 fatty acid ratio beneficially modifies cardiovascular risks in mice; Cardiovascular benefits of dietary n-3 fatty acids have been shown. However, benefits of n-3 fatty acids as part of a high fat, low n-6:n-3 fatty acid ratio diet has not been fully characterized. Aim of this study is to investigate cardiovascular and metabolic benefits of 'designer oils' containing a low ratio of n-6: n-3 fatty acids in C57BL/6 mice. Three groups of C57BL/6 mice were fed an atherogenic diet supplemented with either a fish oil-or flaxseed oil-based 'designer oil' with an approximate n-6: n-3 fatty acid ratio of 2:1 (treated groups, n = 6 each) or with a safflower oil-based formulation with a high ratio (25:1) of n-6:n-3 fatty acids (control group, n = 6) for 6 weeks. Food intake, body weight, and blood lipid levels were monitored regularly. Fatty acid profile of the heart tissues was assessed. Histological assessment of liver samples was conducted. At the end of the study body weight and food intake was significantly higher in the flax group compared to control. The levels of 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 was significantly increased in the heart phospholipids in both flax and fish groups compared to control; tissue 20:4n-6 was significantly reduced in the fish group compared to control. Significant liver pathology was observed in the control group only. Lowering dietary ratio of n-6:n-3 fatty acids may significantly reduce cardiovascular and metabolic risks in mice regardless of the source of n-3 fatty acids.
Omega-3-Carboxylic Acid (Epanova) for Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia is a prevalent yet under-addressed condition, often seen in association with uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, obesity, and physical inactivity. The control of triglyceride (TG) levels is essential to prevent the development of coronary artery disease and pancreatitis associated with hypertriglyceridemia. Omega-3-carboxylic acid (Epanova) is the third prescription omega-3 fatty acid product approved in the United States as an adjunct to diet for treating severe hypertriglyceridemia (>= 500 mg/dL). At the approved dosage, it reduced baseline serum TG levels by 25-30% in a placebo-controlled study. It reduced serum TG levels by an additional 8-15% in patients who were already taking statin therapy. It appeared to have a better bioavailability profile compared with an equivalent dose of omega-3-acid ethyl ester (Lovaza) in both low-fat and high-fat diets. However, evidence behind the effects of omega-3-carboxylic acid on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and pancreatitis risk, is lacking. Overall, it is well tolerated, but may induce common gastrointestinal side effects, such as abdominal pain, nausea, and diarrhea. At this time, omega-3-carboxylic acid is an alternative adjunct therapy (in addition to diet) for hypertriglyceridemia. Its potential clinical benefits over other omega-3 formulations have yet to be evaluated.
The proportion of total C18:1 <i>trans</i>-fatty acids in red blood cell membranes relates to carotid plaque prevalence; Consistent evidence supports the pro-atherogenic properties of dietary trans-fatty acids (TFAs). However, there are no clinical data on TFA intake and atheroma plaque. We cross sectionally investigated whether the proportion of total C18:1 TFA in red blood cells (RBCs), which mirrors dietary TFA intake, independently relates to carotid plaque prevalence in subjects with new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus without prior cardiovascular disease (n=101, 56% men, mean age 61 years) and age- and sex-matched controls (n=96). RBC fatty acid composition was determined by gas chromatography. Plaque (defined as carotid intima-media thickness >= 1.5 mm) was sonographically assessed at three bilateral carotid segments. In multivariate models adjusting for group (diabetes or control) and classical cardiovascular risk factors, for each 0.1% increase in RBC total 08:1 TFA isomers, plaque prevalence increased by 53% (P=.002). In contrast, for each 0.1% increase in RBC alpha-linolenic acid, the vegetable omega-3 fatty acid, plaque prevalence decreased by 43% (P<.001). We conclude that the RBC membrane proportion of total C18:1 TFA, considered a proxy of intake, directly relates to the ultrasound feature that best predicts future cardiovascular events. Our findings support current recommendations to limit TFA intake for cardiovascular health promotion. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids and lipoprotein associated phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> in healthy older adult males and females; Lipoprotein associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)) is a novel inflammatory factor that has been independently associated with stroke and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Omega-3 fats have been implicated in reducing inflammation associated with CVD. The aim of this study was to determine if an 8-week isocaloric diet supplemented with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) in the form of fish oil or alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in the form of flaxseed oil would alter Lp-PLA(2) among healthy adults ages 50 years and older.
Effects of increasing omega-3 fatty acids on growth performance, immune response, and mortality in nursery pigs; Three experiments evaluated omega-3 fatty acids, provided by O3 trial feed, on nursery pig growth performance, mortality, and response to an LPS immune challenge or natural Porcine reproductive and respiratory virus (PRRSV) outbreak. In experiment 1, 350 pigs (241 x 600, DNA; initially 5.8 kg) were used. Pens of pigs were randomly assigned to one of the five dietary treatments containing increasing omega-3 fatty acids (0%, 1%, 2%, 3%, and 4% O3 trial feed) with 14 replications per treatment. On day 25, two pigs per pen were injected intramuscularly with 20 mu g Escherichia coli LPS per kg BW and one pig per pen was injected with saline as a control. Body temperature was taken from all three pigs prior to and 2, 4, 6, and 12 h post-LPS challenge. Serum IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha concentrations were determined in LPS-challenged pigs 24 h prior and 4 h post-LPS challenge. There was no interaction between treatment and time for change in body temperature (P > 0.10). Overall, increasing the O3 trial feed did not affect (P > 0.10) ADG, ADFI, G:F, IL-1 beta, or TNF-alpha. In experiment 2, 1,056 pigs (PIC TR4 x [Fast LW x PIC L02] initially 7.3 kg) were used. Pens of pigs were randomly assigned to one of the four dietary treatments containing increasing omega-3 fatty acids (0%, 0.75%, 1.5%, and 3% O3 trial feed) with 12 replications per treatment. Oral fluids tested negative on days 7 and 14, but then positive for North American PRRSV virus via PCR on days 21, 28, 35, and 42. Overall, increasing O3 trial feed increased (linear, P < 0.001) ADG, ADFI, and G:F and decreased (linear, P = 0.027) total removals and mortality. In experiment 3, 91,140 pigs (DNA 600 x PIC 1050; initially 5.1 kg), originating from PRRSV-positive sow farms, were used across eight nursery sites. Each site contained five barns with two rooms per barn and similar to 1,100 pigs per room. Rooms of pigs were blocked by nursery site and allocated within sow source to one of the two dietary treatments (control or 3% O3 trial feed) with 40 replications per treatment. Oral fluids from 61 of the 80 rooms tested positive for North American PRRSV virus 1 wk postweaning and 78 of the 80 rooms tested positive 3 wk after weaning. Overall, O3 trial feed did not affect ADG, ADFI, or G:F but increased (P < 0.001) total removals and mortalities. In summary, increasing omega-3 fatty acids, sourced by O3 trial feed, did not improve growth performance or immune response in healthy pigs given an LPS challenge. However, it appears that if omega-3 fatty acids are fed prior to a natural PRRSV break (as in experiment 2), growth performance may be improved, and mortality reduced.
Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Platelet Function in Healthy Subjects and Subjects with Cardiovascular Disease; Hyperactivation and aggregation of platelets play a major role in thrombosis and hemostasis. The aims of this study were to investigate the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on platelet function. Light transmission aggregometry and flow cytometric analyses of platelet activation and platelet-leukocyte aggregates were determined at baseline and after 4 weeks of omega-3 (docosahexaenoic acid 520 mg and eicosapentaenoic acid 120 mg) supplementation. In total, 40 healthy subjects and 16 patients with a history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) completed the study. In healthy subjects, omega-3 PUFA significantly reduced adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-induced (maximum amplitude, 77.0% +/- 3.2% vs. 71.6% +/- 3.4%, p = 0.036; maximum slope, 86.3 +/- 1.8 vs. 80.7 +/- 2.1, p = 0.014) and adrenaline-induced platelet aggregation (maximum slope, 42.8 +/- 2.7 vs. 37.4 +/- 3.0, p = 0.013; lag time, 00:21 +/- 00:02 vs. 00:31 +/- 00:03 s, p = 0.002). Omega-3 PUFA also reduced P-selectin expression (40.5% +/- 2.9% vs. 34.4% +/- 2.4%, p = 0.049) on platelets and platelet-monocyte aggregates (38.5% +/- 2.6% vs. 31.4% +/- 2.5%, p = 0.022) after activation with ADP 0.5 mu M. There were fewer changes in platelet aggregation and activation found in subjects with CVD. Nevertheless, there was a reduction in the slope of arachidonic acid-induced platelet aggregation (13.21 +/- 6.41 vs. 4.88 +/- 3.01, p = 0.009) and increased lag time for U46619 (00:16 +/- 00:00 vs. 00:29 +/- 00:07 s, p = 0.018) induced platelet aggregation. Thus, 4-week supplementation of 640 mg omega-3 PUFA reduced measures of platelet aggregation and activation in healthy subjects but effects were less evident in patients with existing CVD. Our findings support the recommendation that the omega-3 PUFA dose be higher in CVD than among healthy subjects.
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in adults on hemodialysis: The DIET-HD multinational cohort study; Background & aims: Patients on hemodialysis suffer from high risk of premature death, which is largely attributed to cardiovascular disease, but interventions targeting traditional cardiovascular risk factors have made little or no difference. Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are putative candidates to reduce cardiovascular disease. Diets rich in n-3 PUFA are recommended in the general population, although their role in the hemodialysis setting is uncertain. We evaluated the association between the dietary intake of n-3 PUFA and mortality for hemodialysis patients.
Prevention of sudden cardiac death with omega-3 fatty acids in patients with coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aim. To systematically review trials concerning the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on sudden cardiac death (SCD), cardiac death, and all-cause mortality in coronary heart disease (CHD) patients. Methods. PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane database (1966-2007) were searched. We identified randomized controlled trials that compared dietary or supplementary intake of omega-3 fatty acids with control diet or placebo in CHD patients. Eligible studies had at least 6 months of follow-up data, and cited SCD as an end-point. Two reviewers independently assessed methodological quality. Meta-analysis of relative risk was carried out using the random effect model. Results. Eight trials were identified, comprising 20,997 patients. In patients with prior myocardial infarction (MI), omega-3 fatty acids reduced relative risk (RR) of SCD (RR = 0.43; 95% CI: 0.20-0.91). In patients with angina, omega-3 fatty acids increased RR of SCD (RR = 1.39; 95% CI: 1.01-1.92). Overall, RR for cardiac death and all-cause mortality were 0.71 (95% CI: 0.50-1.00) and 0.77 (95% CI: 0.58-1.01), respectively. Conclusions. Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids reduces the incidence of sudden cardiac death in patients with MI, but may have adverse effects in angina patients.
Cardioprotective Effects of Dietary Flaxseed Post-Infarction Are Associated with Changes in MicroRNA Expression; MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) such as miR-1, miR-133a, miR-133b, miR-135a, and miR-29b play a key role in many cardiac pathological remodeling processes, including apoptosis, fibrosis, and arrhythmias, after a myocardial infarction (MI). Dietary flaxseed has demonstrated a protective effect against an MI. The present study was carried out to test the hypothesis that dietary flaxseed supplementation before and after an MI regulates the expression of above-mentioned miRNAs to produce its cardioprotective effect. Animals were randomized after inducing MI by coronary artery ligation into: (a) sham MI with normal chow, (b) MI with normal chow, and (c-e) MI supplemented with either 10% milled flaxseed, or 4.4% flax oil enriched in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), or 0.44% flax lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside. The feeding protocol consisted of 2 weeks before and 8 weeks after the surgery. Dietary flax oil supplementation selectively upregulated the cardiac expression of miR-133a, miR-135a, and miR-29b. The levels of collagen I expression were reduced in the flax oil group. We conclude that miR-133a, miR-135a, and miR-29b are sensitive to dietary flax oil, likely due to its rich ALA content. The cardioprotective effect of flaxseed in an MI could be due to modulation of these miRNAs.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Serum Apelin Levels in Cardiovascular Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to have both anti-atherogenic and anti-inflammatory effects through inducing the expression and production of adipokines. Adipokines such as apelin, have been observed to play a protective role in the incidence and progression of CVD. The aim of this study was to assess the influence of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on the serum apelin levels in patients with cardiovascular disease.
Cost-effectiveness of highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters in the treatment of chronic heart failure: results of Markov modelling in a UK setting; Aims A recent randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial has reported reductions in mortality and hospitalizations in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) who were prescribed highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters (n-3 PUFA). This study aimed at evaluating the cost and benefits associated with their use in the treatment of CHF in a UK setting.
Omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of heart failure; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (d1-3 PUFAs) have garnered increased attention as a therapeutic option in cardiovascular disease. Most of the research to date has focused on their lipid altering effects and clinical benefits in patients with coronary artery disease, however, there are data supporting their use in the treatment of heart failure. We review the mechanisms through which d1-3 PUFAs exert their positive effects on the cardiovascular system and highlight the observational and treatment studies that assessed their effects in patients with heart failure.
Transgenic Overproduction of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Provides Neuroprotection and Enhances Endogenous Neurogenesis After Stroke; Strokes are devastating as there are no current therapies to prevent the long term neurological deficits that they cause. Soon after ischemic stroke, there is proliferation and differentiation of neural stem/progenitor cells as an important mechanism for neuronal restoration. However, endogenous neurogenesis by itself is insufficient for effective brain repair after stroke as most newborn neurons do not survive. One fascinating strategy for stroke treatment would thus be maintaining the survival and/or promoting the differentiation of endogenous neural stem/progenitor cells. Using transgenic (Tg) mice over-expressing the C. elegans fat-1 gene encoding an enzyme that converts endogenous omega-6 to omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), we showed that fat-1 Tg mice with chronically elevated brain levels of n-3 PUFAs exhibited less brain damage and significantly improved long-term neurological performance compared to wild type littermates. Importantly, post-stroke neurogenesis occurred more robustly in fat-1 Tg mice after focal ischemia. This was manifested by enhanced neural stem cell proliferation/differentiation and increased migration of neuroblasts to the ischemic sites where neuroblasts matured into resident neurons. Moreover, these neurogenic effects were accompanied by significantly increased oligodendrogenesis. Our results suggest that n-3 PUFA supplementation is a potential neurogenic and oligodendrogenic treatment to naturally improve post-stroke brain repair and long-term functional recovery.
Vegetable oils rich in alpha linolenic acid allow a higher accretion of n-3 LCPUFA in the plasma, liver and adipose tissue of the rat; ALA is the precursor of EPA and DHA and its dietary availability is limited. Vegetable oils rich in ALA (48-64%) are alternatives for increasing its consumption. The conversion of ALA into EPA and DHA and the ratio (EPA+DHA/ALA) was evaluated in different tissues from male Wistar rats fed ALA -rich oils. Four groups (n=12/group) were fed for 21 days with oils from: a) corn (CO, 3% ALA); b) soybean (SO, 6% ALA); c) sacha inchi (SIO, 48% ALA) and; d) chia (Ch0, 64% ALA). SO, SIO and Ch0 significantly increased ALA levels (p<0.05) in the tissues. Only SIO and Ch0 increased tissue EPA and DHA while reducing n-6/n-3 ratio (p<0.05). SIO and Ch0 are suggested as good sources of ALA to increase tissue EPA and DHA.
The association of fatty acids with prostate cancer risk; BACKGROUND. Animal studies indicate that omega-G fatty acids promote and omega-3 fatty acids inhibit tumor development. This pilot study was designed re, evaluate whether these fatty acids are associated with human prostate cancer.
Association of Plasma Omega-3 to Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratio with Complexity of Coronary Artery Lesion; Objective Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) family plays important roles in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD), while, arachidonic acid (AA) of the omega-6 PUFA family promotes inflammatory and prothrombotic influences. The complexity of coronary lesions represents the vulnerability of patients. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between the plasma EPA/AA ratio and the prevalence of complex coronary lesion morphology.
The relationship between omega-3 fatty acids and blood pressure; Omega-3 fatty acids are a group of polyunsaturated fatty acids that play a critical role in the human body. The three main types of omega-3 fatty acids are alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. This review describes characteristics of omega-3 fatty acids and their ability to reduce blood pressure and improve cardiovascular health.
The balance of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for reducing residual risks in patients with coronary artery disease; Residual risk, which cannot be prevented by statins alone, must be controlled for inhibiting the onset of coronary events. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in controlling residual risk. The Japan eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) Lipid Intervention Study demonstrated the inhibitory effect of high-purity EPA preparations on the residual risk of cardiovascular events. Omega-3 PUFAs inhibit coronary artery disease (CAD) through various actions, including triglyceride-lowering action. Besides lipid metabolism, platelet aggregation inhibition, anti-inflammatory effects, improved vascular endothelium function, and anti-hypertensive action contribute to arteriosclerosis inhibition. Conversely, several recent studies did not demonstrate the efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs for CAD prevention. PUFAs levels may need to exceed a threshold for anti-arteriosclerotic action. The efficacy of EPA might depend on the baseline value of the EPA/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio prior to EPA administration. This baseline EPA/AA ratio value varies according to country and region as well as changes of dietary habits. More global research in this field is needed to identify an optimal omega-3 PUFAs administration strategy.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary restenosis, intima-media thickness, and exercise tolerance: A systematic review; Greater omega-3 fatty acid consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular disease risk. Though the mechanisms of their effect are unclear, they may involve lesion formation and heart function. We conducted a systematic review of the clinical literature on the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on measures of vascular structure and function. We included studies that assessed fish and plant sources of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary artery restenosis after angioplasty, carotid IMT, and exercise capacity. Compared to placebo, the summary risk ratio of coronary artery restenosis with fish oil is 0.87 (95% CI 0.73, 1.05) across 12 randomized controlled trials. Two prospective studies reported increased carotid IMT, whereas two cross-sectional studies reported a reduction of IMT, with fish, fish oil or ALA consumption. Three randomized trials and three uncontrolled studies reported small non-significant improvements in exercise capacity with fish oil. Overall, little or no effect of fish oil was found for a variety of markers of cardiovascular disease risk. There are insufficient studies to draw conclusions about the effect of ALA. The dearth of long term data on fish consumption or omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on measures of cardiovascular disease risk severely limits our ability to draw definitive conclusions at this time. (c) 2005 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in patients with chronic kidney disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background & aims: Dietary and supplemental long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have shown vascular benefits for the general population, but effects among people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are largely uncertain. We aimed to evaluate the effects of n-3 PUFA intake among patients with CKD.
Update on Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Cardiovascular Health; Twenty percent of deaths in the United States are secondary to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In patients with hyperlipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia, studies have shown high atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD) event rates despite the use of statins. Given the association of high triglyceride (TG) levels with elevated cholesterol and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, the American Heart Association (AHA)/American College of Cardiology (ACC) cholesterol guidelines recommend using elevated TGs as a "risk-enhancing factor" for ASCVD and using omega 3 fatty acids (omega 3FAs) for patients with persistently elevated severe hypertriglyceridemia. omega 3FA, or fish oils (FOs), have been shown to reduce very high TG levels, hospitalizations, and CVD mortality in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We have published the largest meta-analysis to date demonstrating significant effects on several CVD outcomes, especially fatal myocardial infarctions (MIs) and total MIs. Despite the most intensive research on omega 3FAs on CVD, their benefits have been demonstrated to cluster across multiple systems and pathologies, including autoimmune diseases, infectious diseases, chronic kidney disease, central nervous system diseases, and, most recently, the COVID-19 pandemic. A review and summary of the controversies surrounding omega 3FAs, some of the latest evidence-based findings, and the current and most updated recommendations on omega 3FAs are presented in this paper.
Early Impact of Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Platelet Biomarkers in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease and Hypertriglyceridemia; Background: Prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters (PO-3A) have been tested for outcome benefits in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), arrhythmias and heart failure. Some evidence suggests that PO-3A may exert their benefit via inhibiting platelets. We tested the hypothesis that PO-3A may inhibit platelet activity in patients with documented stable CAD, beyond the antiplatelet properties of aspirin and statins. Methods: Thirty patients with documented CAD and triglycerides over 250 mg/dl treated with aspirin (70-160 mg/daily) and statins (simvastatin equivalence dose: 5-40 mg/daily) were randomized 1: 1: 1 to Omacor (TM) 1 g/day (DHA/EPA ratio 1.25:1.0), Omacor 2 g/day, or a placebo for 2 weeks. Platelet tests including aggregometry and flow cytometry and cartridge analyzer readings were performed at baseline and at 1 and 2 weeks following PO-3A therapy. Results: ADP-induced platelet aggregation (p = 0.037), GP IIb/IIIa antigen (p = 0.031) and activity (p = 0.024), and P-selectin (p = 0.041) were significantly reduced after PO-3A, while platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule (p = 0.09), vitronectin receptor (p = 0.16), formation of platelet-monocyte microparticles (p = 0.19) and the Verify Now IIb/IIIa test (p = 0.27) only exhibited nonsignificant trends suggestive of reduced platelet activity. Finally, collagen-and arachidonic acid-induced aggregation, closure time with the PFA-100 device and expression of thrombospondin (CD36), GP Ib (CD42b), LAMP-3 (CD63), LAMP-1 (CD107a), CD40-ligand (CD154), GP37 (CD165), and PAR-1 receptor intact (SPAN 12) and cleaved (WEDE-15) epitopes were not affected by 2 weeks of PO-3A. Conclusion: Independently of the dose and already at 1 week, short-term therapy with PO-3A provided a modest reduction of platelet activity biomarkers, despite concomitant aspirin and statin therapy, when compared to a placebo. The effect of PO-3A is unique, differs from other known antiplatelet agents and suggests potential pleiotropism. These preliminary randomized data call for confirmation in prospective studies. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Omega-3-fatty acids: Do they prevent cardiovascular disease?; Despite cardiovascular disease (CVD) reductions with highintensity statins, there remains residual risk among patients with metabolic disorders. Alongside low-density lipoproteins (LDL-C), elevated triglycerides (TG) are associated with incident CVD events. Omega-3 fatty acids (n3-FAs), specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), lower TG levels, but their ability to reduce CV risk has been highly inconsistent. Trials using icosapent ethyl (IPE), a purified EPA ethyl ester, produced reductions in CVD events and atherosclerotic plaque regression compared with mixed EPA/DHA formulations despite similar TGreductions. The separate effects of EPA and DHA on tissue distribution, oxidative stress, inflammation, membrane structure and endothelial function may contribute to these discordant outcomes. Additional mechanistic trials will provide further insights into the role of n3-FAs in reducing CVD risk beyond TG lowering. (c) 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons. org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Lipidomics to Assess Omega 3 Bioactivity; How can we resolve the conflict between the strong epidemiological evidence pointing to the usefulness of fish-and, thus, omega 3-consumption with the debacle of supplementation trials? One potential explanation is that the null results obtained thus far are the consequences of ill-contrived investigations that do not allow us to conclude on the effects (or lack thereof) of omega 3 fatty acid supplementation. One potential solution is through the use of lipidomics, which should prove very useful to screen suitable patients and to correlate plasma (or red blood cells, or whole blood, or phospholipid) fatty acid profile with outcomes. This has never been done in omega 3 trials. The wise use of lipidomics should be essential part of future omega 3 trials and would help in untangling this current riddle.
Identification and functional characterisation of genes encoding the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthetic pathway from the coccolithophore <i>Emiliania huxleyi</i>; The Prymnesiophyceae coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi is one of the most abundant alga in our oceans and therefore plays a central role in marine foodwebs. E. huxleyi is notable for the synthesis and accumulation of the omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 Delta(4,7,10,13,16,19), n-3) which is accumulated in fish oils and known to have health-beneficial properties to humans, preventing cardiovascular disease and related pathologies. Here we describe the identification and functional characterisation of the five E. huxleyi genes which direct the synthesis of docosahexaenoic acid in this alga. Surprisingly, E. huxleyi does not use the conventional Delta 6-pathway, instead using the alternative Delta 8-desaturation route which has previously only been observed in a few unrelated microorganisms. Given that E. huxleyi accumulates significant levels of the Delta 6-desaturated fatty acid stearidonic acid (18:4 Delta(6,9,12,15), n-3), we infer that the biosynthesis of DHA is likely to be metabolically compartmentalised from the synthesis of stearidonic acid. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Serum Biomarkers, Inflammatory Agents, and Quality of Life of Patients on Hemodialysis; Introduction. Patients on long-term hemodialysis are at a higher risk of cardiovascular disease and premature mortality. It is generally believed that omega-3 supplementation can prevent cardiovascular events due to its anti-inflammatory and anti-atherosclerotic effects.
High ω-3 fatty acid content in alpine cheese -: The basis for an alpine paradox; Background -alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) may protect from cardiovascular disease. Because fresh alpine grass contains high amounts of ALA, we hypothesized that the levels of omega-3 fatty acids would concentrate to nutritional relevance in the cheese of milk from cows with alpine grass feeding compared with cheese from silage and concentrate feeding; the newly available cheese produced from cows fed with linseed supplementation should contain even higher ALA concentrations.
Intake of marine and plant-derived n-3 fatty acids and development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort; Purpose The objective of this study was to investigate the association between intake of seafood and plant-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and development of total atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and acute major ischemic events. Methods A total of 53,909 men and women were enrolled between 1993 and 1997 into the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort and followed through nationwide Danish registries for development of total ASCVD defined as a first registration of myocardial infarction, peripheral artery disease, or ischemic stroke due to large artery atherosclerosis or small-vessel occlusion. At recruitment, the intake of the major marine n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and the plant-derived n-3 PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Statistical analyses were conducted using sex-stratified multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression models. Results During a median of 13.5 years of follow-up, 3958 participants developed ASCVD including 3270 patients with an acute major ischemic event. In multivariable analyses including adjustment for established risk factors, we found no associations for intake of ALA, but indications of inverse associations between intake of EPA, DHA and EPA + DHA and the rate of total ASCVD and acute major ischemic events. Conclusions A high intake of marine n-3 PUFA was associated with a lower risk of total ASCVD and acute major ischemic events, whereas no association could be demonstrated for the plant-derived ALA.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids enhance cerebral angiogenesis and provide long-term protection after stroke; Stroke is a devastating neurological disorder and one of the leading causes of death and serious disability. After cerebral ischemia, revascularization in the ischemic boundary zone provides nutritive blood flow as well as various growth factors to promote the survival and activity of neurons and neural progenitor cells. Enhancement of angiogenesis and the resulting improvement of cerebral microcirculation are key restorative mechanisms and represent an important therapeutic strategy for ischemic stroke. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that post-stroke angiogenesis would be enhanced by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PUFAs), a major component of dietary fish oil. To this end, we found that transgenic fat-1 mice that overproduce n - 3 PUFAs exhibited long-term behavioral and histological protection against transient focal cerebral ischemia (tECI). Importantly, fat-1 transgenic mice also exhibited robust improvements in revascularization and angiogenesis compared to wild type littermates, suggesting a potential role for n - 3 fatty acids in post-stroke cerebrovascular remodeling. Mechanistically, n - 3 PUFAs induced upregulation of angiopoietin 2 (Ang 2) in astrocytes after tFCI and stimulated extracellular Ang 2 release from cultured astrocytes after oxygen and glucose deprivation. Ang 2 facilitated endothelial proliferation and barrier formation in vitro by potentiating the effects of VEGF on phospholipase C gamma 1 and Src signaling. Consistent with these findings, blockade of Src activity in post-stroke fat-1 mice impaired n - 3 PUFA-induced angiogenesis and exacerbated long-term neurological outcomes. Taken together, our findings strongly suggest that n - 3 PUPA supplementation is a potential angiogenic treatment capable of augmenting brain repair and improving long-term functional recovery after cerebral ischemia. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved.
Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Metabolites on Haemostasis-Current Perspectives in Cardiovascular Disease; The beneficial effects of long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in cardioprotection are widely known and generally accepted. In this literature review, we have focused on the known and postulated mechanisms of action of omega-3 PUFAs and their metabolites on various components of the haemostatic system, in particular on blood platelets and endothelium. We have also made an attempt to provide a comprehensive review of epidemiological studies with particular regard to clinical trials. Notably, the results of these studies are contradictory, and some of them failed to report the beneficial effects of taking or supplementing omega-3 PUFAs in the diet. A potential explanation, in our opinion, could be the need to use higher doses of omega-3 PUFAs and a proper ratio of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs. An additional problem which is difficult to solve is the use of a proper neutral placebo for interventional studies. Despite some controversies regarding the beneficial effects of supplementation of omega-3 PUFAs in cardiovascular disease, our review suggests that a promising aspect of future studies and applications is to focus on the anti-thrombotic properties of these compounds. An argument supporting this assumption is the recent use of omega-3 PUFAs as a supporting tool for the treatment of COVID-19 complications.
The fats of life - The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of coronary heart disease; Epidemiological and clinical trial evidence suggests that omega -3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) might have a significant role in the prevention of coronary heart disease. Dietary sources of omega -3 PUFA include fish oils rich in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid along with plants rich in alpha -linolenic acid. Randomized clinical trials with fish oils (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) and alpha -linolenic acid have demonstrated reductions in risk that compare favorably with those seen in landmark secondary prevention trials with lipid-lowering drugs. Several mechanisms explaining the cardioprotective effect of omega -3 PUFAs have been suggested, including antiarrhythmic, hypolipidemic, and antithrombotic roles. Although official US guidelines for the dietary intake of omega -3 PUFAs are not available, several international guidelines have been published. Fish is an important source of omega -3 PUFAs in the US diet; however, vegetable sources, including grains and oils, offer an alternative source for those who are unable to regularly consume fish.
Omega-3 Index and Cardiovascular Health; Recent large trials with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the cardiovascular field did not demonstrate a beneficial effect in terms of reductions of clinical endpoints like total mortality, sudden cardiac arrest or other major adverse cardiac events. Pertinent guidelines do not uniformly recommend EPA + DHA for cardiac patients. In contrast, in epidemiologic findings, higher blood levels of EPA + DHA were consistently associated with a lower risk for the endpoints mentioned. Because of low biological and analytical variability, a standardized analytical procedure, a large database and for other reasons, blood levels of EPA + DHA are frequently assessed in erythrocytes, using the HS-Omega-3 Index((R)) methodology. A low Omega-3 Index fulfills the current criteria for a novel cardiovascular risk factor. Neutral results of intervention trials can be explained by issues of bioavailability and trial design that surfaced after the trials were initiated. In the future, incorporating the Omega-3 Index into trial designs by recruiting participants with a low Omega-3 Index and treating them within a pre-specified target range (e.g., 8%-11%), will make more efficient trials possible and provide clearer answers to the questions asked than previously possible.
Fishy Business: Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Zinc Transporters and Free Zinc Availability in Human Neuronal Cells; Omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids are one of the two main families of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). The main omega-3 fatty acids in the mammalian body are alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Central nervous tissues of vertebrates are characterized by a high concentration of omega-3 fatty acids. Moreover, in the human brain, DHA is considered as the main structural omega-3 fatty acid, which comprises about 40% of the PUFAs in total. DHA deficiency may be the cause of many disorders such as depression, inability to concentrate, excessive mood swings, anxiety, cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, dry skin and so on. On the other hand, zinc is the most abundant trace metal in the human brain. There are many scientific studies linking zinc, especially excess amounts of free zinc, to cellular death. Neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease, are characterized by altered zinc metabolism. Both animal model studies and human cell culture studies have shown a possible link between omega-3 fatty acids, zinc transporter levels and free zinc availability at cellular levels. Many other studies have also suggested a possible omega-3 and zinc effect on neurodegeneration and cellular death. Therefore, in this review, we will examine the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on zinc transporters and the importance of free zinc for human neuronal cells. Moreover, we will evaluate the collective understanding of mechanism(s) for the interaction of these elements in neuronal research and their significance for the diagnosis and treatment of neurodegeneration.
DIETARY CANOLA OIL MODIFIES MYOCARDIAL FATTY-ACIDS AND INHIBITS CARDIAC-ARRHYTHMIAS IN RATS; Previous research showed that dietary fish oil was potently antiarrhythmic in rats but olive oil was not. This study was designed to test the hypothesis that canola oil, another major dietary source of oleic acid additionally containing the (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid [18:3(n-3)], can reduce vulnerability to cardiac arrhythmia in rats. Rats were randomly assigned to one of four experimental diet groups for 12 wk. The fat source in the diets was 12% olive (63% oleic acid), canola (55% oleic, 8% alpha-linolenic acid), soybean [50% linoleic 18:2(n-6), 7% alpha-linolenic acid] or sunflower seed oil (64% linoleic acid). Arrhythmias were induced by coronary artery occlusion and reperfusion. Incidence of ventricular fibrillation, mortality and arrhythmia score during reperfusion were significantly lower in rats fed the diet containing canola oil than in those fed the olive oil diet. No difference in the severity of arrhythmias was seen in groups fed diets containing soybean or sunflower seed oils. Analysis of myocardial phospholipid fatty acids showed that consumption of canola oil decreased the ratio of (n-6)/(n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids relative to the other diets, as does dietary fish oil. These results suggest that regular,,substitution of canola oil for other dietary lipid sources may assist in reducing the likelihood of a transient ischemic event leading to life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias, but the effectiveness of alpha-linolenic acid is reduced by high levels of linoleic acid.
Enteral Omega-3 Fatty Acid, γ-Linolenic Acid, and Antioxidant Supplementation in Acute Lung Injury; Context The omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, along with gamma-linolenic acid and antioxidants, may modulate systemic inflammatory response and improve oxygenation and outcomes in patients with acute lung injury.
LONG-TERM EFFECTS OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND GLYCEMIC CONTROL; The long-term influence of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on serum lipids and glucose homeostasis was studied in a group of non-diabetic, moderately hypertriglyceridaemic patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting. They were investigated according to the same procedure before and 6 months after the operation. Following randomization postoperatively, 28 patients received 3.4 g eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid per day, whereas 29 patients comprised the control group. The decline in serum triglycerides after 6 months was significantly greater in the n-3 PUFA group than in the control group (median decline, -33.2% vs. -11.1%, p = 0.002), while no group difference was noted in serum total, HDL, or LDL cholesterol levels. Fasting plasma glucose levels decreased less in the n-3 PUFA group compared with the control group (median change, -0.2 mmoll(-1) vs. -0.5 mmoll(-1) p = 0.054). The corresponding changes in fasting insulin levels were -2 mIU ml(-1) in the n-3 PUFA group and no change in the control group (p = 0.039). In both groups combined, the recorded changes in serum triglyceride and serum insulin levels were negatively correlated with the change in serum phospholipid n-3 fatty acids (r = -0.35, p = 0.008 and r = -0.32, p = 0.016, respectively). An oral glucose tolerance test revealed no significant group differences after 6 months, neither in the peak levels, nor in the areas under the curves between 0 and 3 h after the glucose load for glucose, insulin, and C-peptide. The longterm effects on glucose homeostasis by moderate-dose n-3 PUFA supplementation are probably of little clinical significance in this patient group.
Oxidized Perilla and Linseed Oils Induce Neuronal Apoptosis by Caspase-Dependent and -Independent Pathways; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid, is involved in bioregulatory functions. In recent years, the health-promoting effects of vegetable-derived edible oils rich in ALA have attracted attention. ALA has a variety of physiological effects such as anti-arteriosclerotic and antiallergic properties, but is prone to oxidation. Therefore, safety concerns exist with regard to adverse effects on humans induced by its oxides. However, the effects on neuronal cells induced by oxidized ALA-rich oils, such as perilla and linseed oils, have not been fully investigated. This information is very important from the viewpoint of food safety. In this study, we investigated the effects of oxidized perilla and linseed oils, which are rich in ALA, on the toxicity of neuronal SH-SY5Y cells. Perilla and linseed oils were significantly oxidized compared with other edible vegetable oils. These oxidized oils induce neuronal cell death and apoptosis via caspase-dependent and -independent pathways through reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation. Furthermore, they suppressed neurite outgrowth. These results suggest that oxidized perilla and linseed oils have the potential to cause neuronal loss and ROS-mediated apoptosis, and thus may affect the onset and progression of neurodegenerative disorders and other diseases.
Apolipoprotein E genotype in dyslipidemic patients and response of blood lipids and inflammatory markers to alpha-linolenic acid; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) supplementation on blood lipids and inflammatory markers, in relation to apolipoprotein (apo) E genotype. The diets of 50 dyslipidemic male patients were supplemented with 15 mL of flaxseed oil per day for 12 weeks, Retrospectively, 3 apo E genotype variants were found (epsilon2/epsilon3, n = 7; epsilon3/epsilon3, n = 33; epsilon3/epsilon4, n = 10). No significant differences were found among apo E genotypes in any variables at baseline. ALA supplementation produced a small but significant decrease in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 1.12 to 1.08 mmol/L, 43 to 42 mg/dL; p = 0.008) and apo A-1 levels (from 1.28 to 1.24 g/L, p = 0.036) in the epsilon3/epsilon3 homozygotes. In addition, ALA supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in the serum concentration of serum amyloid A (SAA) (p = 0.014), C-reactive protein (CRID) (p = 0.013), macrophage colony-stimulating factor (MCSF) (p < 0.001), and interleukin (IL)-6 (p = 0.028). Serum SAA and MCSF were also significantly decreased in the epsilon3/epsilon4 group (p = 0.005 and p = 0.017, respectively). In contrast, ALA produced no effects on any of the inflammatory markers in the epsilon2/epsilon3 group. ALA may have beneficial effects on inflammation in dyslipidemic carriers of the apo epsilon3/epsilon3 and epsilon3/epsilon4 genotypes, but not in carriers of the epsilon2 allele.
Low n-6/n-3 PUFA Ratio Improves Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and Endothelial Function in Rats Using Plant Oils as n-3 Fatty Acid Source; Lipid metabolism, inflammation, oxidative stress and endothelial function play important roles in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which may be affected by an imbalance in the n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio. This study aimed to investigate the effects of the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio on these cardiovascular risk factors in rats fed a high-fat diet using plant oils as the main n-3 PUFA source. The 1:1 and 5:1 ratio groups had significantly decreased serum levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and proinflammatory cytokines compared with the 20:1 group (p < 0.05). Additionally, the 20:1 group had significantly increased serum levels of E-Selectin, von Willebrand factor (vWF), and numerous markers of oxidative stress compared with the other groups (p < 0.05). The 1:1 group had a significantly decreased lipid peroxide level compared with the other groups (p < 0.05). Serum levels of malondialdehyde, reactive oxygen species and vWF tended to increase with n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios increasing from 5:1 to 20:1. We demonstrated that low n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio (1:1 and 5:1) had a beneficial effect on cardiovascular risk factors by enhancing favorable lipid profiles, having anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative stress effects, and improving endothelial function. A high n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio (20:1) had adverse effects. Our results indicated that low n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios exerted beneficial cardiovascular effects, suggesting that plant oils could be used as a source of n-3 fatty acids to prevent CVD. They also suggested that we should be aware of possible adverse effects from excessive n-3 PUFA.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids improve endothelial function in humans at risk for atherosclerosis: A review; Epidemiology studies and clinical trials show that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can prevent atherosclerotic morbidity and evidence suggests this may be mediated by improving endothelial dysfunction. Endothelial dysfunction is characterized by reduced vasodilation and a pro-inflammatory, pro-thrombotic state, and is an early pathological event in the development of atherosclerosis. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD), a gold standard for assessing endothelial dysfunction, is a predictor of future cardiovascular events and coronary heart disease risk. Notably, risk factors for endothelial dysfunction include classic risk factors for atherosclerosis: Elevated lipids, diabetes, hypertension, elevated BMI, cigarette smoking, and metabolic syndrome. In this paper, we review the ability of n-3 PUFAs to improve endothelial dysfunction in individuals with classic risk factors for atherosclerosis, but lacking diagnosed atherosclerotic disease, with the goal of identifying those individuals that might gain the most vasoprotection from n-3 PUFA supplements. We include trials using eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), or alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) alone, or EPA + DHA; and assessing endothelial function by FMD, forearm blood flow, or peripheral arterial tonometry. We found that n-3 PUFAs improved endothelial dysfunction in 16 of 17 studies in individuals with hyperlipidemia, elevated BMI, metabolic syndrome, or that smoked cigarettes, but only in 2 of 5 studies in diabetics. Further, these trials showed that use of EPA + DHA consistently improve endothelial dysfunction; ALA-enriched diets appear promising; but use of EPA or DHA alone requires further study. We conclude that individuals with hyperlipidemia, elevated BMI, metabolic syndrome, or that smoke could derive vaosprotective benefits from EPA + DHA supplementation.
Omega-3 fatty acids: antiarrhythmic, proarrhythmic or both?; Purpose of review
Effect of low doses of n-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases in 4,837 post-myocardial infarction patients: Design and baseline characteristics of the Alpha Omega Trial; Background Weekly fish consumption has been related to a lower risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) and incident stroke in populations with a low fish intake. This relation has mainly been attributed to n-3 fatty acids in fish, that is, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). It is at present unclear whether alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), a n-3 fatty acid from vegetable origin, could also be protective against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). There is a need for food-based trials to establish the efficacy of low doses of n-3 fatty acids in CVD prevention.
Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and body weight; In animal studies, n-3 PUFA have been shown to influence body composition and to reduce the accumulation of body fat, thereby affecting body weight homeostasis. In addition, it has been suggested that an additional supply of n-3 PUFA during pregnancy or lactation, or both, would have a beneficial effect on birth weight and infant growth and development. The purpose of the present study was to systematically review interventional clinical trials on the effects of dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation on body weight in adult subjects and in infants whose mothers were supplemented with these fatty acids during pregnancy and/or lactation. A systematic search, focused on n-3 PUFA and body weight, and limited to controlled clinical trials, was performed in different databases. The quality of all included studies was assessed against set criteria, and results of eligible trials were compared. There were few studies targeting this topic. In adults, all of the five studies included, except for one, show no change in body weight by dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA. Within those trials conducted in pregnant and/or lactating women in which a main outcome was birth weight or growth in infancy, two showed a modest increase in birth weight and the rest showed no effect. None of the trials showed an effect of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation on infant's weight at the short term. However, it should be noted that a number of limitations, including a variety of experimental designs, type and doses of n-3 PUFA, and high attrition rates, among others, make impossible to draw robust conclusions from this review.
Omega-3 fatty acids, oxidative stress, and leukocyte telomere length: A randomized controlled trial; Shorter telomeres have been associated with poor health behaviors, age-related diseases, and early mortality. Telomere length is regulated by the enzyme telomerase, and is linked to exposure to proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress. In our recent randomized controlled trial, omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation lowered the concentration of serum proinflammatory cytokines. This study assessed whether n-3 PUFA supplementation also affected leukocyte telomere length, telomerase, and oxidative stress. In addition to testing for group differences, changes in the continuous n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio were assessed to account for individual differences in adherence, absorption, and metabolism. The double-blind four-month trial included 106 healthy sedentary overweight middle-aged and older adults who received (1) 2.5 g/day n-3 PUFAs, (2) l.25 g/day n-3 PUFAs, or (3) placebo capsules that mirrored the proportions of fatty acids in the typical American diet. Supplementation significantly lowered oxidative stress as measured by F2-isoprostanes (p = 0.02). The estimated geometric mean log-F2-isoprostanes values were 15% lower in the two supplemented groups compared to placebo. Although group differences for telomerase and telomere length were nonsignificant, changes in the n-6:n-3 PUFA plasma ratios helped clarify the intervention's impact: telomere length increased with decreasing n-6:n-3 ratios, p = 0.02. The data suggest that lower n-6:n-3 PUFA ratios can impact cell aging. The triad of inflammation, oxidative stress, and immune cell aging represents important pre-disease mechanisms that may be ameliorated through nutritional interventions. This translational research broadens our understanding of the potential impact of the n-6:n-3 PUFA balance. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00385723. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Ratio of Omega-6 to Omega-3 Intake, Inflammation, and Survival in Long-term Hemodialysis Patients; Background: Mortality in long-term hemodialysis patients is high, mostly attributed to cardiovascular events, and may be related to chronic inflammation. We hypothesized that the anti-inflammatory benefits of higher dietary intake of omega-3 compared with omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids may modulate the inflammatory processes and decrease death risk.
Confusion about the effects of omega-3 fatty acids Contemplation of study data taking the omega-3 index into consideration; Background Confusion reigns about omega-3 fatty acids and their effects. Scientific investigations did not appear to clarify the issue. Guidelines and regulatory authorities contradict each other. Objective This article provides clarity by considering not intake but levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in erythrocytes as a percentage of all fatty acids measured (omega-3 index). Current data The largest database of all methods of fatty acid analyses has been generated with the standardized HS-Omega-3 Index (R) (Omegametrix, Martinsried, Deutschland). The omega-3 index assesses the in EPA+DHA status of a person, has a minimum of 2%, a maximum of 20%, and is optimal between 8% and 11%. In many western countries but not in Japan or South Korea, mean levels are suboptimal. Suboptimal levels correlate with increased total mortality, sudden cardiac death, fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction, other cardiovascular diseases, cognitive impairment, major depression, premature birth and other health issues. Interventional studies on surrogate and intermediary parameters demonstrated many positive effects, correlating with the omega-3 index when measured. Due to issues in methodology that became apparent from the perspective of the omega-3 index many, even large interventional trials with clinical endpoints were not positive, which is reflected in pertinent meta-analyses. In contrast, interventional trials without issues in methodology the clinical endpoints mentioned were reduced. Conclusion All humans have levels of EPA+DHA that if methodologically correctly assessed in erythrocytes, are optimal between 8% and 11%. Deficits can cause serious health issues that can be prevented by optimal levels.
Associations of Plasma Phospholipid Omega-6 and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels and MRI Measures of Cardiovascular Structure and Function: The Multiethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background. The association between plasma omega-6 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is unclear, and discrepancy remains concerning the cardiovascular benefit of the omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid. Methods. Associations of plasma phospholipid fatty acid levels (arachidonic acid, linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and alphalinolenic acid) with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging measures of left ventricular (LV) mass, LV volume, ejection fraction, stroke volume, and aortic distensibility were investigated in 1,274 adults. Results. Results of multivariate analysis showed no statistically significant associations of plasma omega-6 or omega-3 levels with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging measures. Stratification by gender revealed a positive association between DHA and LV mass in women (beta = 1.89, P = 0.02; P interaction = 0.003) and a trend for a positive association between DHA and ejection fraction in men (beta = 0.009, P = 0.05; P interaction = 0.03). Conclusion. Additional research is warranted to clarify the effects of plasma DHA on cardiac structure and function in women versus men.
Circulating Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Incident Adverse Events in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction; BACKGROUND Dietary omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has multiple cardioprotective properties. The proportion of EPA in serum phosphatidylcholine (PC) mirrors dietary EPA intake during previous weeks. Circulating EPA in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) relates to smaller infarct size and preserved long-term ventricular function.
What health professionals should know about omega-3 fatty acid supplements; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids are essential to maintain satisfactory human health and need to be consumed in the diet. Western diets are often deficient in n-3 fatty acids because of an insufficient intake of cold water oily fish. The main n-3 fatty acids in fatty fish are eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). To date, no formally accepted dietary reference intakes for EPA and DHA exist, while international intake recommendations differ widely. Supplementation is an easy and convenient way of increasing dietary n-3 fatty acid intake, but very little information is available to health professionals when advising consumers on choosing a supplement to suit their lifestyle. Reliable nutrition information on product labels is vital since misleading information may lead to erroneous dosages with concomitant adverse effects. Since no formal regulatory structure for dietary supplements currently exists in South Africa, consumers depend on self-regulation within the industry for assurance of product quality, consistency, potency and purity of n-3 fatty acid supplements. Therefore, the aim of this article is to equip health professionals with proper knowledge with special reference to the bioavailability of fish oil supplements, reliability of labelling information, dietary intake recommendations, potential adverse effects and some general advice when purchasing n-3 fatty acid supplements. (C) SAJCN
Feasibility Study of Erythrocyte Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Content and Mortality Risk in Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are increasingly believed to be cardioprotective. We tested the hypothesis that erythrocyte n-3 PUFA levels, as measured by the omega-3 index (031), are inversely related to mortality in hemodialysis patients.
Effect of dietary ALA on growth rate, feed conversion ratio, mortality rate and breast meat omega-3 LCPUFA content in broiler chickens; We have previously demonstrated that feeding chickens a diet containing high levels of the n-3 PUFA -linolenic acid (ALA) significantly increases the content of the principal omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, in their meat and eggs. However, the effect of the diet on production characteristics of the birds has not been assessed. This study aimed to determine the effect of feeding male and female Cobb 500 broilers (n = 3840) a high ALA diet (containing 2.5% flaxseed oil) compared with a standard commercial Control diet (containing 2.5% tallow) on growth, feed conversion ratio and mortality until 6 weeks of age. As expected the dietary flaxseed oil significantly increased breast meat levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (similar to 4-fold), with most eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid being deposited in the phospholipid fraction. Both male and female birds fed the high ALA diet were significantly heavier at 6 weeks of age (77 g heavier in females, 87 g heavier in males). They also had a significantly (10%) lower feed conversion ratio, and a mortality rate that was not different from the Control diet across the 6-week feeding period. These findings indicate that a high ALA diet has the potential to enrich chicken breast meat with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid without loss of growth rate or feed efficiency, or increase in fat content of breast meat.
Repetitive and Prolonged Omega-3 Fatty Acid Treatment After Traumatic Brain Injury Enhances Long-Term Tissue Restoration and Cognitive Recovery; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is one of the most disabling clinical conditions that could lead to neurocognitive disorders in survivors. Our group and others previously reported that prophylactic enrichment of dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) markedly ameliorate cognitive deficits after TBI. However, it remains unclear whether a clinically relevant therapeutic regimen with n-3 PUFAs administered after TBI would still offer significant improvement of long-term cognitive recovery. In the present study, we employed the decline of spatial cognitive function as a main outcome after TBI to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of post-TBI n-3 PUFA treatment and the underlying mechanisms. Mice were subjected to sham operation or controlled cortical impact, followed by random assignment to receive the following four treatments: (1) vehicle control; (2) daily intraperitoneal injections of n-3 PUFAs for 2 weeks, beginning 2 h after TBI; (3) fish oil dietary supplementation throughout the study, beginning 1 day after TBI; or (4) combination of treatments (2) and (3). Spatial cognitive deficits and chronic brain tissue loss, as well as endogenous brain repair processes such as neurogenesis, angiogenesis, and oligodendrogenesis, were evaluated up to 35 days after TBI. The results revealed prominent spatial cognitive deficits and massive tissue loss caused by TBI. Among all mice receiving post-TBI n-3 PUFA treatments, the combined treatment of fish oil dietary supplement and n-3 PUFA injections demonstrated a reproducible beneficial effect in attenuating cognitive deficits although without reducing gross tissue loss. Mechanistically, the combined treatment promoted post-TBI restorative processes in the brain, including generation of immature neurons, microvessels, and oligodendrocytes, each of which was significantly correlated with the improved cognitive recovery. These results indicated that repetitive and prolonged n-3 PUFA treatments after TBI are capable of enhancing brain remodeling and could be developed as a potential therapy to treat TBI victims in the clinic.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Do Not Protect Against Arrhythmias in Acute Nonreperfused Myocardial Infarction Despite Some Antiarrhythmic Effects; Ventricular arrhythmias are an important cause of mortality in the acute myocardial infarction (MI). To elucidate the effect of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on ventricular arrhythmias in acute nonreperfused MI, rats were fed with normal or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-enriched diet for 3 weeks. Subsequently the rats were subjected to either MI induction or sham operation. ECG was recorded for 6h after the operation and episodes of ventricular tachycardia/fibrillation (VT/VF) were identified. Six hours after MI epicardial monophasic action potentials (MAPs) were recorded, cardiomyocyte Ca2+ handling was assessed and expression of proteins involved in Ca2+ turnover was studied separately in non-infarcted left ventricle wall and infarct borderzone. EPA and DHA had no effect on occurrence of post-MI ventricular arrhythmias or mortality. Nevertheless, DHA but not EPA prevented Ca2+ overload in LV cardiomiocytes and improved rate of Ca2+ transient decay, protecting PMCA and SERCA function. Moreover, both EPA and DHA prevented MI-induced hyperphosphorylation of ryanodine receptors (RyRs) as well as dispersion of action potential duration (APD) in the left ventricular wall. In conclusion, EPA and DHA have no antiarrhythmic effect in the non-reperfused myocardial infarction in the rat, although these omega-3 PUFAs and DHA in particular exhibit several potential antiarrhythmic effects at the subcellular and tissue level, that is, prevent MI-induced abnormalities in Ca2+ handling and APD dispersion. In this context further studies are needed to see if these potential antiarrhythmic effects could be utilized in the clinical setting. J. Cell. Biochem. 117: 2570-2582, 2016. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Sex Differences in Omega-3 and-6 Fatty Acids and Health Status Among Young Adults With Acute Myocardial Infarction: Results From the VIRGO Study; Background-Young women (aged 55years) with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) have poorer health status outcomes than similarly aged men. Low omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) have been implicated as risk factors for cardiovascular outcomes in AMI patients, but it is not clear whether young women have similar or different post-AMI omega-3 FA profiles compared with young men.
Revolutionizing Cardiovascular Health with Nano Encapsulated Omega-3 Fatty Acids: A Nano-Solution Approach; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) offer diverse health benefits, such as supporting cardiovascular health, improving cognitive function, promoting joint and musculoskeletal health, and contributing to healthy aging. Despite their advantages, challenges like oxidation susceptibility, low bioavailability, and potential adverse effects at high doses persist. Nanoparticle encapsulation emerges as a promising avenue to address these limitations while preserving stability, enhanced bioavailability, and controlled release. This comprehensive review explores the therapeutic roles of omega-3 fatty acids, critically appraising their shortcomings and delving into modern encapsulation strategies. Furthermore, it explores the potential advantages of metal-organic framework nanoparticles (MOF NPs) compared to other commonly utilized nanoparticles in improving the therapeutic effectiveness of omega-3 fatty acids within drug delivery systems (DDSs). Additionally, it outlines future research directions to fully exploit the therapeutic benefits of these encapsulated omega-3 formulations for cardiovascular disease treatment.
Circulating Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Subclinical Brain Abnormalities on MRI in Older Adults: The Cardiovascular Health Study; Background-Consumption of tuna or other broiled or baked fish, but not fried fish, is associated with fewer subclinical brain abnormalities on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). We investigated the association between plasma phospholipid omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), objective biomarkers of exposure, and subclinical brain abnormalities on MRI.
Essential Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Blood from Patients with and without Catheter-Proven Coronary Artery Disease; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death worldwide. Statins reduce morbidity and mortality of CAD. Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFAs), particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), is associated with reduced morbidity and mortality in patients with CAD. Previous data indicate that a higher conversion of precursor fatty acids (FAs) to arachidonic acid (AA) is associated with increased CAD prevalence. Our study explored the FA composition in blood to assess n-3 PUFA levels from patients with and without CAD. We analyzed blood samples from 273 patients undergoing cardiac catheterization. Patients were stratified according to clinically relevant CAD (n = 192) and those without (n = 81). FA analysis in full blood was performed by gas chromatography. Indicating increased formation of AA from precursors, the ratio of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) to AA, the delta-5 desaturase index (D5D index) was higher in CAD patients. CAD patients had significantly lower levels of omega-6 polyunsaturated FAs (n-6 PUFA) and n-3 PUFA, particularly EPA, in the blood. Thus, our study supports a role of increased EPA levels for cardioprotection.
Short term omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation induces favorable changes in right ventricle function and diastolic filling pressure in patients with chronic heart failure; A randomized clinical trial; Introduction: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) seem to favorably affect cardiac hemodynamics and may benefit the clinical course of heart failure patients. The role of omega 3-PUFAs supplementation on the left and right ventricular function of patients with chronic compensated systolic heart failure, under optimal treatment, was studied.
Analyses and Declarations of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Canned Seafood May Help to Quantify Their Dietary Intake; The American Heart Association (AHA) recently confirmed common recommendations of one to two fish dishes per week in order to prevent cardiovascular disease (CVD). Nevertheless, the natural fluctuations of lipids and fatty acids (FA) in processed seafood caught little public attention. Moreover, consumers of unprocessed seafood in general do not know how much omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) within servings they actually ingest. The few studies published until today considering this aspect have been re-evaluated in today's context. They included four observational studies with canned fatty coldwater fish (mackerel and herring from the same region, season, producer and research group). Their outcomes were similar to those conducted in the following years using supplements. Cans containing seafood (especially fatty coldwater fish) with declared content of omega-3 FA are ready-to-use products. Human studies have shown a higher bioavailability of omega-3 FA by joint uptake of fat. Canned fatty coldwater fish contain omega-3 FA plus plenty of fat in one and the same foodstuff. That suggests a new dietary paradigm with mixed concepts including several sources with declared content of omega-3 FA for reducing the cardiovascular risk and other acknowledged indications.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: anti-inflammatory and anti-hypertriglyceridemia mechanisms in cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the world's most recognized and notorious cause of death. It is known that increased triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) and remnants of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (RLP) are the major risk factor for CVD. Furthermore, hypertriglyceridemia commonly leads to a reduction in HDL and an increase in atherogenic small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL or LDL-III) levels. Thus, the evidence shows that omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have a beneficial effect on CVD through reprogramming of TRL metabolism, reducing inflammatory mediators (cytokines and leukotrienes), and modulation of cell adhesion molecules. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to provide the molecular mechanism related to the beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFA on the lowering of plasma TAG levels and other atherogenic lipoproteins. Taking this into account, this study also provides the TRL lowering and anti-inflammatory mechanism of omega-3 PUFA metabolites such as RvE1 and RvD2 as a cardioprotective function.
The effect of omega-3 supplementation on serum levels of YKL-40, BMP-4, and ox-LDL in men with coronary artery disease: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Objective:Bone morphogenic protein-4 (BMP-4), oxidized low density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), and YKL-40 are the potential biomarkers which may causes inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 fatty acid-rich diets may have anti-inflammatory effects. This study was designed to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on serum YKL-40, BMP-4, and ox-LDL levels in men with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: The current study was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group clinical trial that involved 42 male patients with CAD. The volunteers were randomly allocated into two groups to receive 4 g omega-3 (containing 720 mg EPA plus 480 mg DHA) supplements (n = 21) or placebo (n = 21) per day for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and end of the trial to quantify serum levels of ox-LDL, YKL-40 and BMP-4 concentrations. Result: The results identified that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for 8 weeks had a noticeable effect on serum ox-LDL (P = 0.03), YKL-40 (P = 0.01), and BMP-4 (P = 0.01) concentrations between groups. A significant difference was found between placebo and omega-3 supplementation groups only for BMP-4 (P = 0.046) after removing counfounding effects of vitamin C and carbohydrates. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that omega-3 supplementation decreased serum BMP-4 significantly. Serum YKL-40 correlated with ox-LDL before intervention. Further study is recommended to elucidate the exact mechanisms for this process.
Beneficial effects of walnut consumption on human health: role of micronutrients; Purpose of review
Efficacy of a unique omega-3 formulation on the correction of nutritional deficiency and its effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors in a randomized controlled VASCAZEN<SUP>A®</SUP> REVEAL Trial; Low blood levels of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) have been reported to be associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) deaths. Systematic studies measuring LC n-3 PUFA blood levels (pre and post-treatment) in defined subjects, and monitoring the correction of nutritional deficiency with a pure LC n-3 PUFA formulation in sufficient doses, while monitoring CVD risk factors are lacking. We tested the efficacy of a novel LC n-3 PUFA Medical Food formulation (VASCAZEN(A (R)), > 90 % pure with a 6:1 eicosapentaenoic acid-(EPA):docosahexaenoic acid-(DHA) ratio; 6:1-OM3), to correct such deficiency and determine the concomitant effects on lipid profiles. Of 655 subjects screened, 89 % were LC n-3 PUFA deficient (Omega-Score, (OS) = blood EPA + DHA + Docosapentaenoic acid < 6.1 %). From these, a study was conducted on 110 ambulatory cardiovascular subjects. Placebo: corn oil. Primary endpoint: change in OS. Secondary endpoint: changes in blood lipid profiles. At 8 weeks of treatment with 6:1-OM3 (4 g/day), placebo-adjusted median OS levels (n = 56) significantly improved (132 %, P < 0.0001) with a decrease in AA (arachidonic acid): EPA ratio (82 %, P < 0.0001). In hypertriglyceridemic subjects (TG 2.26-5.65 mmol/L), HDL-C improved (9 %, P = 0.0069), TG-reduced (48 %, P < 0.0001), and VLDL-C reduced (30 %, P = 0.0023), without significantly affecting LDL-C levels. This study confirms that LC n-3 PUFA deficiency is prevalent in the US population, and its correction with 6:1-OM3 in CVD subjects improves lipid profiles. The purity, EPA:DHA ratio and dose are determinant factors for optimal efficacy of a formulation in reducing CVD risk factors.
Cardioprotective mechanism of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, are widely regarded as cardioprotective. Several large-scale, randomized clinical trials have shown that dietary intake of omega-3 PUFAs improves the prognosis of patients with symptomatic heart failure or recent myocardial infarction. Therefore, dietary consumption of omega-3 PUFA is recommended in international guidelines for the general population to prevent the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD5). However, the precise mechanisms underlying the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 PUFAs are not fully understood. Omega-3 PUFAs can be incorporated into the phospholipid bilayer of cell membranes and can affect membrane fluidity, lipid microdomain formation, and signaling across membranes. Omega-3 PUFAs also modulate the function of membrane ion channels, such as Na and L-type Ca channels, to prevent lethal arrhythmias. Moreover, omega-3 PUFAs also prevent the conversion of arachidonic acid into pro-inflammatory eicosanoids by serving as an alternative substrate for cyclooxygenase or lipoxygenase, resulting in the production of less potent products. In addition, a number of enzymatically oxygenated metabolites derived from omega-3 PUFAs were recently identified as anti-inflammatory mediators. These omega-3 metabolites may contribute to the beneficial effects against CVDs that are attributed to omega-3 PUFAs. (C) 2015 Japanese College of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
An omega-3 fatty acid plasma index ≥4% prevents progression of coronary artery plaque in patients with coronary artery disease on statin treatment; Background and aims: Higher blood levels of the omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been associated with fewer cardiovascular events and lower mortality in prospective studies. Our aim was to determine a target level of EPA and DHA to prevent progression of coronary artery plaque.
Repeated versus single measurement of plasma omega-3 fatty acids and risk of heart failure; Studies have previously examined the relation between a single measure of plasma fatty acids and risk of heart failure. However, it is unclear whether the use of repeated measures of fatty acids over time is required for the assessment of omega-3 fatty acids heart failure relation.
How relevant is the ratio of dietary n-6 to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to cardiovascular disease risk? Evidence from the OPTILIP study; Purpose of review
Comparative Effect of Statins and Omega-3 Supplementation on Cardiovascular Events: Meta-Analysis and Network Meta-Analysis of 63 Randomized Controlled Trials Including 264,516 Participants; Statins and omega-3 supplementation have been recommended for cardiovascular disease prevention, but comparative effects have not been investigated. This study aimed to summarize current evidence of the effect of statins and omega-3 supplementation on cardiovascular events. A meta-analysis and a network meta-analysis of 63 randomized controlled trials were used to calculate pooled relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the effects of specific statins and omega-3 supplementation compared with controls. Overall, the statin group showed significant risk reductions in total cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, and stroke; however, omega-3 supplementation significantly decreased the risks of coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction only, in the comparison with the control group. In comparison with omega-3 supplementation, pravastatin significantly reduced the risks of total cardiovascular disease (RR = 0.81, 95% CI = 0.72-0.91), coronary heart disease (RR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.60-0.94), and myocardial infarction (RR = 0.71, 95% CI = 0.55-0.94). Risks of total cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, and stroke in the atorvastatin group were statistically lower than those in the omega-3 group, with RRs (95% CIs) of 0.80 (0.73-0.88), 0.64 (0.50-0.82), 0.75 (0.60-0.93), and 0.81 (0.66-0.99), respectively. The findings of this study suggest that pravastatin and atorvastatin may be more beneficial than omega-3 supplementation in reducing the risk of total cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, and myocardial infarction.
Omega-3 fatty acids in neurodegenerative diseases: Focus on mitochondria; Mitochondrial dysfunction represents a common early pathological event in brain aging and in neurodegenerative diseases, e.g., in Alzheimer's (AD), Parkinson's (PD), and Huntington's disease (HD), as well as in ischemic stroke. In vivo and ex vivo experiments using animal models of aging and AD, PD, and HD mainly showed improvement of mitochondria] function after treatment with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Thereby, PUFA are particular beneficial in animals treated with mitochondria targeting toxins. However, DHA showed adverse effects in a transgenic PD mouse model and it is not clear if a diet high or low in PUFA might provide neuroprotective effects in PD. Post-treatment with PUFA revealed conflicting results in ischemic animal models, but intravenous administered DHA provided neuroprotective efficacy after acute occlusion of the middle cerebral artery. In summary, the majority of preclinical data indicate beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA in neurodegenerative diseases, whereas most controlled clinical trials did not meet the expectations. Because of the high half-life of DHA in the human brain clinical studies may have to be initiated much earlier and have to last much longer to be more efficacious. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Potential impact of omega-3 treatment on cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review
Altered erythrocyte <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in Mediterranean patients with coronary artery disease; A low frequency of ischaemic heart diseases in Eskimos has been related to polyunsaturated fatty acids, we therefore studied fatty acid patterns associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) for a possible relationship between fatty acid profile and CAD diagnosis in Mediterranean patients. The gas chromatography method was used to analyze the membranes of patients' erythrocytes. The patients without coronary stenosis were used as controls. Patients with CAD showed increased percentages of saturated fatty acids (35.8 vs. 34.2%. P<0.001) and monounsaturated fatty acids (14.6 vs. 13.6%. P<0.01), as well as reduced percentages of polyunsaturated fatty acids (38.5 vs. 41.3%, P<0.001). The decrease in polyunsaturated fatty acids percentages was due to the series of n-3 fatty acids (9.2 vs. 11.4%. P<0.001). mainly at the expense of docosahexaenoic acid [C22:6 (n-3)] (4.9+/-0.25% vs. 6.4+/-0.23%, P<0.001) and docosapentaenoic acid [C22:5 (n-3)] (3.0+/-0.19% vs. 3.9+/-0.12%, P<0.001), The study shows altered n-3 fatty acids in Mediteranean patients with CAD. Our data suggest that the percentage of docosahexaenoic and docosapentaenoic acids in erythrocytes could be used as indicators of an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on depression; Depression is characterised by depressed mood or/ and the loss of interest or pleasure in nearly all activities for a substantial period of time, causing significant distress. Depression is a potentially life-threatening disease. It is a major risk factor for suicide as well as coronary artery disease (CAD) and sudden cardiac death (SCD). It also may be associated with impaired endothelial dysfunction and decreased heart rate variability (HRV). Both conditions seem to persist in patients with depression despite successful antidepressant treatment. During the last few years epidemiological studies as well as clinical trials have suggested a significant role of omega-3 fatty acids in the pathogenesis of depression. As omega-3 fatty acids have been demonstrated to also beneficially influence many of the conditions depression is a risk factor for (CAD, SCD) or may be associated with (decreased HRV, endothelial dysfunction), they may well represent a major advance in the treatment of depression. However more large randomized clinical trials are clearly needed to substantiate that claim.
Polymorphisms in Genes Involved in the Triglyceride Synthesis Pathway and Marine Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation Modulate Plasma Triglyceride Levels; Background: Marine omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) reduce plasma triglyceride (TG) levels. Genetic factors such as single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) could be responsible for the variability of the plasma TG response to n-3 PUFA supplementation. Previous studies have demonstrated that n-3 PUFA supplementation using fish oil modified the expression levels of three genes involved in the TG synthesis pathway (GPAM, AGPAT3 and AGPAT4) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Methods: A total of 210 subjects consumed 5 g/day of a fish oil supplement for 6 weeks. Plasma lipids were measured before and after the supplementation period. Three SNPs in GPAM, 13 SNPs in AGPAT3 and 35 SNPs in AGPAT4 were genotyped. Results: In an ANOVA for repeated measures adjusted for age, sex and BMI, genotype effects on plasma TG levels were observed for rs1838452 in AGPAT3 as well as for rs746731 and rs2293286 in AGPAT4. Genotype x supplementation interaction effects on plasma TG levels were observed for rs2792751 and rs17129561 in GPAM as well as for rs3798943 and rs9458172 in AGPAT4 (p < 0.05). Conclusion: These results suggest that SNPs in genes involved in the TG synthesis pathway may influence plasma TG levels after n-3 PUFA supplementation. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Sarcopenia: Mechanism of Action and Potential Efficacy; Sarcopenia, a progressive disease characterized by a decline in muscle strength, quality, and mass, affects aging population worldwide, leading to increased morbidity and mortality. Besides resistance exercise, various nutritional strategies, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation, have been sought to prevent this condition. This narrative review summarizes the current evidence on the effect and mechanism of n-3 PUFA on musculoskeletal health. Despite conflicting evidence, n-3 PUFA is suggested to benefit muscle mass and volume, with more evident effects with higher supplementation dose (>2 g/day). n-3 PUFA supplementation likely improves handgrip and quadriceps strength in the elderly. Improved muscle functions, measured by walking speed and time-up-to-go test, are also observed, especially with longer duration of supplementation (>6 months), although the changes are small and unlikely to be clinically meaningful. Lastly, n-3 PUFA supplementation may positively affect muscle protein synthesis response to anabolic stimuli, alleviating age-related anabolic resistance. Proposed mechanisms by which n-3 PUFA supplementation improves muscle health include 1. anti-inflammatory properties, 2. augmented expression of mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) pathway, 3. decreased intracellular protein breakdown, 4. improved mitochondrial biogenesis and function, 5. enhanced amino acid transport, and 6. modulation of neuromuscular junction activity. In conclusion, n-3 PUFAs likely improve musculoskeletal health related to sarcopenia, with suggestive effect on muscle mass, strength, physical performance, and muscle protein synthesis. However, the interpretation of the findings is limited by the small number of participants, heterogeneity of supplementation regimens, and different measuring protocols.
n-3 fatty acids from fish and coronary artery disease: implications for public health; Objective: To review and discuss the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish in the prevention and, primarily, in the treatment of coronary artery disease (CAD).
Association between omega-3 index and blood lipids in older Australians; Management of hyperlipidaemia remains a cornerstone therapy for the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Dietary supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) has been shown to modulate blood lipid profiles and reduce the risk of developing CVD. However, studies relating objective measures of long-term dietary n-3 PUFA intake and circulating lipid levels in older adults are limited. Thus, we aimed to determine whether there is an association between erythrocyte n-3 PUFA status (omega-3 index, 031) and blood lipid profiles in older adults. A sample of adults aged 65-95 years who participated in the Retirement Health and Lifestyle Study was evaluated. Outcome measures included 031 (% eicosapentaenoic acid+% docosahexaenoic acid) and fasting blood lipid profiles [total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triglyceride (TG)]. Two hundred and seventy-six subjects were included in the analyses. The mean+/-SD age was 77.6+/-7.4 years, and 40.9% were males. 031 was significantly higher in females compared to males. 031 was inversely associated with plasma TG (P<.001) and TC/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P<.05), and positively associated with HDL-cholesterol (P<.05), in all subjects. Associations between 031 and TG were evident in both females (r=-0.250, P<.01) and males (r=-0.225, P<.05). In females only, the odds of being hypertriglyceridaemic were highest in those with lowest 031 (P=.006). Trends for hypercholesterolaemia and elevated LDL risk were converse between males and females. Long-term n-3 PUFA status is associated with blood lipid profiles in older Australians. Our findings support the development and implementation of age-specific dietary strategies to reduce the risk of CVD via improving the O3I. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relationship between Erythrocyte Omega-3 Content and Obesity Is Gender Dependent; Epidemiological evidence of an inverse association between consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) and obesity has been conflicting, even though studies in animal models of obesity and limited human trials suggest that LC n-3 PUFA consumption may contribute to weight loss. We used baseline data from a convenience sample of 476 adults (291 women, 185 men) participating in clinical trials at our Centre to explore relationships between erythrocyte levels of LC n-3 PUFA (a reliable indicator of habitual intake) and measures of adiposity, viz. body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC) and body fat (BF) assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Means +/- SD of assessments were BMI: 34 +/- 7 and 31 +/- 5 kg/m(2); WC: 105 +/- 16 and 110 +/- 13 cm; BF: 48 +/- 5 and 35% +/- 6% in women and men respectively. Erythrocyte levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were similar in men and women while docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) was higher and EPA + DHA (Omega-3 Index) slightly lower in men than in women. Both DHA and EPA + DHA correlated inversely with BMI, WC and BF in women while DPA correlated inversely with BF in men. Quartile distributions and curvilinear regression of the Omega-3 Index versus BMI revealed a steep rise of BMI in the lower range of the Omega-3 Index in women, but no association in men. Thus the results highlight important gender differences in relationships of specific LC n-3 PUFA in erythrocytes to markers of adiposity. If these reflect causal relationships between LC n-3 PUFA consumption and risk of obesity, gender specific targeted interventions should be considered.
Omega-3 fatty acids for intermittent claudication; Background
Impact of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids on endothelial function: results from human interventions studies; Purpose of review
Omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids in human and animal health: An African perspective; Lipids are essential for plant and animal development, growth and nutrition and play critical roles in health and reproduction. The dramatic increase in the human population has put increasing pressure on human food sources, especially of those sources of food which contain adequate levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and more importantly, sources of food which have favorable ratios of the n-3 (18-carbon, alpha-linolenic acid, ALA) to n-6 (18-carbon linoleic acid, LA) PUFAs. Recent studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of the n-3 PUFAs in diets as well as potentially negative effects of excessive levels of n-6 PUFAs in diets. This review discusses these human health issues relating to changes in diets based on environmental and industrial changes as well as strategies in East Africa for improving lipid composition of food using indigenous sources. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
<i>n</i>-3 Fatty acids and risk for fatal coronary disease; The purpose of this review is to consider the effects of the long-chainn-3 fatty acids found in marine foods, EPA and DHA, on risk for CVD, particularly fatal outcomes. It will examine both epidemiological and randomised controlled trial findings. The former studies usually examine associations between the dietary intake or the blood levels of EPA + DHA and CVD outcomes or, on occasion, total mortality. For example, our studies in the Framingham Heart Study and in the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study have demonstrated significant inverse relations between erythrocyte EPA + DHA levels (i.e. the Omega-3 Index) and total mortality. Recent data from the Cardiovascular Health Study reported the same relations between plasma phospholipidn-3 levels and overall healthy ageing. As regards randomised trials, studies in the 1990s and early 2000s were generally supportive of a cardiovascular benefit for fish oils (which contain EPA + DHA), but later trials were generally not able to duplicate these findings, at least for total CVD events. However, when restricted to effects on risk for fatal events, meta-analyses have shown consistent benefits forn-3 treatment. Taken together, the evidence is strong for a cardioprotective effect of EPA + DHA, especially when consumed in sufficient amounts to raise blood levels into healthy ranges. Establishing target EPA + DHA intakes to reduce risk for cardiovascular death is a high priority.
Erythrocyte fatty acid profiles can predict acute non-fatal myocardial infarction; The risk of CHD has been linked to n-3 and bans-fatty acids. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the hypothesis that lower n-3 fatty acids and higher traps-fatty acids in erythrocytes are associated with an increased risk of acute non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and that fatty acid profiles can discriminate MI cases from controls. Fifty cases with acute non-fatal MI and fifty age- and sex-matched controls without MI were recruited. The Omega-3 Index (the sum of EPA and DHA in erythrocytes) was significantly lower in cases than controls (9.57 (SEM 0.28) v. 11.81 (SEM 0.35) %; P<0.001), while total traps-fatty acids were significantly higher (1.01 (SEM 0.04) v. 0.56 (SEM 0.03) %; P<0.001). The Omega-3 Index was associated with decreased risk of MI (OR 0.08 (95 % CI 0.02, 0.38); P=0.001), while total traps-fatty acids were associated with an increased risk of MI (OR 7267 (95 % CI 6.68, 79074); P<0.001). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of fatty acid profiles was larger than that for traditional risk factors, suggesting that fatty acid profiles make a higher contribution to the discrimination of MI cases from controls compared with modified Framingham risk factors. In conclusion, a higher Omega-3 Index and lower traps-fatty acids in erythrocytes are associated with a decreased risk of MI. Furthermore, fatty acid profiles improve discrimination of acute non-fatal MI compared with established risk factors.
Role of plant-derived omega-3 fatty acids in human nutrition; An international workshop on the role of plant-derived omega-3 fatty acids in human nutrition took place in Milan on February 9, 2000, The meeting was sponsored by the Nutrition Foundation of Italy and was organized by its Scientific Director, Dr. Andrea Poli. It was attended by experts in polyunsaturated fatty acids and human lipid nutrition. This is the first meeting devoted to the health aspects of alpha-linolenic acid, the omega-3 fatty acid contained in plant-derived edible products, as distinct from the more widely studied long-chain omega-3 products typically present in fish and fish-derived products. This report, which is based on updated scientific evidence presented and discussed at the workshop, was prepared by the international expert panel. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Dietary intake and biomarkers of alpha linolenic acid and risk of all cause, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; OBJECTIVE
Omega-3 fatty acids and hypertension in humans; 1. Population studies and clinical trials provide compelling evidence that omega-3 (omega 3) fatty acids have cardioprotective effects. The strongest evidence is from DART and GISSI-P, two secondary prevention trials in patients with previous myocardial infarctions. Data from these trials support a reduction in ventricular fibrillation as a primary mechanism for the decreased incidence of myocardial infarction.
Clinical value of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Introduction: Our civilized world, while seems to be overweight, suffers from omega-3 deficiency. Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids can play a role in the development of many metabolic diseases (eg., obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease). Fatty acids in fish oil strengthen the immune system, reduce cholesterol and triglyceride levels, have been proven to be beneficial, reduce inflammation.
Omega-3, omega-6 and total dietary polyunsaturated fat on cancer incidence: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials; Background The relationship between long-chain omega-3 (LCn3), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), omega-6 and total polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intakes and cancer risk is unclear. Methods We searched Medline, Embase, CENTRAL and trials registries for RCTs comparing higher with lower LCn3, ALA, omega-6 and/or total PUFA, that assessed cancers over >= 12 months. Random-effects meta-analyses, sensitivity analyses, subgrouping, risk of bias and GRADE were used. Results We included 47 RCTs (108,194 participants). Increasing LCn3 has little or no effect on cancer diagnosis (RR1.02, 95% CI 0.98-1.07), cancer death (RR0.97, 95% CI 0.90-1.06) or breast cancer diagnosis (RR1.03, 95% CI 0.89-1.20); increasing ALA has little or no effect on cancer death (all high/moderate-quality evidence). Increasing LCn3 (NNTH 334, RR1.10, 95% CI 0.97-1.24) and ALA (NNTH 334, RR1.30, 95% CI 0.72-2.32) may slightly increase prostate cancer risk; increasing total PUFA may slightly increase risk of cancer diagnosis (NNTH 125, RR1.19, 95% CI 0.99-1.42) and cancer death (NNTH 500, RR1.10, 95% CI 0.48-2.49) but total PUFA doses were very high in some trials. Conclusions The most extensive systematic review to assess the effects of increasing PUFAs on cancer risk found increasing total PUFA may very slightly increase cancer risk, offset by small protective effects on cardiovascular diseases.
Omega-3 Index Correlates with Healthier Food Consumption in Adolescents and with Reduced Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Adolescent Boys; The Omega-3 Index, a measure of long-chain omega-3 fats in red blood cell membranes, predicts heart disease mortality in adults, but its association with cardiovascular risk factors in younger populations is unknown. We determined the Omega-3 Index in adolescents participating in the Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Cohort, assessed associations with diet, lifestyle and socioeconomic factors, and investigated independent associations with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors. Red blood cell fatty acid analysis was determined for 1,301 adolescents aged 13-15 years. Risk factors examined were blood pressure, fasting blood insulin and glucose concentrations, and fasting blood lipids including ratios. The mean Omega-3 Index was 4.90 +/- A 1.04% (range 1.41-8.42%). When compared with categories identified in adults, 15.6% of adolescents were in the high risk category (Index < 4%). Age (P < 0.01), maternal education (P < 0.01) and BMI (P = 0.05) were positively associated with the Omega-3 Index. The Index was positively associated with dietary intakes of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (P < 0.01), protein (P < 0.01), omega-3 fats (P < 0.04), and food groups of fish and wholegrains (both P < 0.01), and negatively associated with intakes of soft drinks and crisps (both P < 0.01). In boys, the Omega-3 Index was independently associated with total (beta = 0.06, P = 0.01) and HDL-cholesterol (beta = 0.03, P = 0.01), and diastolic blood pressure (beta = -0.68, P = 0.04). The predictability of the Index for the risk of cardiovascular disease later in life warrants further investigation in the adolescent population.
Conjugated Linoleic Acid and Alpha Linolenic Acid Improve Cholesterol Homeostasis in Obesity by Modulating Distinct Hepatic Protein Pathways; Scope High-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity impairs macrophage-to-feces reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). It is hypothesized that dietary supplementation with the polyunsaturated fatty acids conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) or alpha linolenic acid (ALA) would prevent HFD-impaired RCT by modulating hepatic protein pathways. Methods and results ApoE3L.CETP mice are fed a HFD supplemented +/- CLA or ALA for 12 weeks and in vivo macrophage-to-feces RCT is determined. Hepatic cholesterol transporters and the hepatic proteome are assessed by immunoblotting and mass spectrometry, respectively. Mice fed HFD alone, but not ALA-HFD or CLA-HFD, exhibit increased systemic cholesterol levels, increased H-3-cholesterol levels in plasma and liver but not feces during RCT, and reduced hepatic ABCG5/8 expression relative to LFD. ALA-HFD significantly reduces liver weight, hepatic cholesterol levels, and expression of the cholesterol synthesis enzyme farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase relative to HFD. ALA further increases the expression of acetyl-coA oxidase-associated proteins and suppress PPAR alpha-induced proteins relative to HFD. CLA does not significantly attenuate hepatic lipid levels but is associated with reduced hepatic expression of fatty acid binding protein (FABP)-1/FABP4 levels relative to HFD, and reduced inflammatory pathway activation relative to ALA-HFD. Conclusion ALA and CLA exert distinct mechanistic advantages on cholesterol homeostasis and RCT in obesity.
Risk factors associated with plasma omega-3 fatty acid levels in patients with suspected coronary artery disease; Introduction: We sought to determine the associations between plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels and various cardiovascular risk factors and with the use of fish oil supplements (FOS).
n-3 Fatty acids and cardiovascular disease risk factors among the Inuit of Nunavik; Background: Inuit traditionally consume large amounts of marine foods rich in n-3 fatty acids. Evidence exists that n-3 fatty acids have beneficial effects on key risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
A randomized clinical trial to determine the efficacy of manufacturers' recommended doses of omega-3 fatty acids from different sources in facilitating cardiovascular disease risk reduction; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids confer beneficial health effects, but North Americans are lacking in their dietary omega-3-rich intake. Supplementation is an alternative to consumption of fish; however, not all omega-3 products are created equal. The trial objective was to compare the increases in blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids after consumption of four different omega-3 supplements, and to assess potential changes in cardiovascular disease risk following supplementation.
Metabolic Shift Induced by ω-3 PUFAs and Rapamycin Lead to Cancer Cell Death; Background/Aims: Rapamycin (Rp), the main mammalian target of rapamycin complex inhibitor, is a promising therapeutic agent for breast cancer. However, metabolic disorders and drug resistance reduce its efficacy. Epidemiological, clinical, and experimental studies have demonstrated that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) significantly reduce the incidence and mortality of breast cancer and improve metabolic disorders. Methods: Three breast cancer cell lines and immunocompetent and immunodeficient mice were used to evaluate the therapeutic effects of Rp plus omega-3 PUFA treatment. The production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and glucose uptake were examined by flow cytometry. Metabolic shift was examined by metabonomics, seahorse experiments, and western blot analysis. Results: We found that omega-3 PUFAs and Rp synergistically induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in vitro and in vivo, accompanied by autophagy blockage. In addition, Rp-induced hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia were completely abolished by omega-3 PUFA supplementation. Moreover, the combined treatment of omega-3 PUFA and Rp significantly inhibited glycolysis and glutamine metabolism. The anti-tumor effects of this combination treatment were dependent on ROS production, which was increased by beta-oxidation and oxidative phosphorylation. Conclusion: Our study revealed that omega-3 PUFA enhanced the antitumor activity of Rp while minimizing its side effects in vitro and in vivo. These results provide novel insights into the mechanisms underlying the potential beneficial effects of Rp combined with beta-3 PUFAs on the prevention of breast cancer. (C) 2018 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Omega-3 fatty acids and risk of cognitive impairment and dementia; It has been suggested that the dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids could be inversely related to the risk of dementia and cognitive decline. This analysis examined the association between plasma concentration of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and prevalence and incidence of cognitive impairment and dementia. Data are reported on subjects 65 years or older who had a complete clinical evaluation at the first two waves (1991-1992 and 1996-1997) of the Canadian Study of Health and Aging. Main outcome measures were cognitive impairment and dementia by mean relative plasma concentrations of fatty acids in the phospholipid fraction at baseline. Results were adjusted for age, sex, education, smoking, alcohol intake, body mass index, history of cardiovascular disease, and apolipoprotein E e4 genotype. In the cross-sectional analysis, no significant difference in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations was observed between controls and both prevalent cases of cognitive impairment and dementia. In the prospective analysis, a higher eicosapentaenoic acid (p < 0.01) concentration was found in cognitively impaired cases compared to controls while higher docosahexaenoic acid (p < 0.07), omega-3 (p < 0.04) and total polyunsaturated fatty acid (p < 0.03) concentrations were found in dementia cases. These findings do not support the hypothesis that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids play a protective role in cognitive function and dementia.
The Effect of Low Dose Omega-3 on Plasma Lipids in Hemodialysis Patients; Hemodialysis (HD) patients have a high incidence of cardiovascular disease and increased premature mortality. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are known to decrease plasma triglyceride (TG) levels and have a cardio-protective effect in subjects with normal renal function. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Omega-3 on plasma lipid levels in patients on HD. We included 33 patients on HD with serum TG higher than 200 mg/dl and total cholesterol higher than 220 mg/dl, in the study and randomly assigned them to treatment with 2 gm pearls of Omega-3 per day, given in two equal doses or a control group who did not receive this drug. The study was conducted for a period of 12 weeks. Patients were evaluated by measurement of fasting plasma lipid levels before and after the use of Omega-3. There was a significant (28%) increase in high-density lipoprotein levels (P < 0.01) and a significant (23 %) decrease in serum TG levels (P < 0.02) in the group that received Omega-3 supplement. There were no changes in total cholesterol or low-density lipoprotein levels in either group. Our study suggests that supplementation with low-dose Omega-3 has a favorable effect on plasma lipid levels in patients on HD.
Impact of low <i>v</i>. moderate intakes of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids on risk of coronary heart disease; The objective of the present study was to determine whether the consumption of >= 250 v.,250 mg of the long-chain n-3 fatty acids (n-3 LCFA) per d is associated with a reduction in the risk of fatal and non-fatal CHD in individuals with no prior history of CHD. A comprehensive and systematic review of the published scientific literature resulted in the identification of eight prospective studies (seven cohorts and one nested case-control study) that met predefined inclusion criteria. Relative to the consumption of < 250 mg n-3 LCFA per d, the consumption of >= 250 mg/d was associated with a significant 35.1% reduction in the risk of sudden cardiac death and a near-significant 16.6% reduction in the risk of total fatal coronary events, while the risk of non-fatal myocardial infarction was not significantly reduced. In several meta-analyses, which were based on US studies, risk of CHD death was found to be dose-dependently reduced by the n-3 LCFA, with further risk reductions observed with intakes in excess of 250 mg/d. Prospective observational and intervention data from Japan, where intake of fish is very high, suggest that n-3 LCFA intakes of 900 to 1000 mg/d and greater may confer protection against non-fatal myocardial infarction. Thus, the intake of 250 mg n-3 LCFA per d may, indeed, be a minimum target to be achieved by the general population for the promotion of cardiovascular health.
Review of Cardiometabolic Effects of Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Purpose of Review Populations with significant dietary fish intake tend to have lower cardiovascular (CV) risk and demonstrable physiologic differences including lower lipid/lipoprotein levels and other direct and indirect effects on the arterial wall and inhibiting factors that promote atherosclerosis. Treatment with high doses of pharmacologic-grade omega-3 fatty acid (n-3FA) supplements achieves significant reductions in triglycerides (TG), non-high-density lipoprotein(non-HDL-) and TG-rich lipoprotein-(TRL-) cholesterol levels. n-3FA supplements have significant effects on markers of atherosclerosis risk including endothelial function, lowdensity lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation, cellular and humoral markers of inflammation, hemodynamic factors, and plaque stabilization. This review summarizes the lipid and cardiometabolic effects of prescription-grade n-3FAs and will discuss clinical trials, national/organizational guidelines, and expert opinion on the impact of supplemental n-3FAs on CV health and disease.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and proxies of cardiovascular disease in hemodialysis: a prospective cohort study; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3 PUFAs) have antithrombotic, lipid-lowering and antiinflammatory properties. The aim of this study was to verify if dietary supplementation with Omega-3 PUFAs is able to induce changes of blood pressure, nutritional and coagulative profile, inflammation and blood cell counts in patients on hemodialysis (HD).
Circulating and Dietary Omega-3 and Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Incidence of CVD in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background-Dietary guidelines support intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in fish and vegetable oils. However, some controversy remains about benefits of PUFAs, and most prior studies have relied on self-reported dietary assessment in relatively homogeneous populations.
Intake of Marine-Derived Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Mortality in Renal Transplant Recipients; The effect of marine-derived omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on long-term outcome in renal transplant recipients (RTR) remains unclear. We investigated whether marine-derived n-3 PUFA intake is associated with all-cause and cardiovascular (CV) mortality in RTR. Intake of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid (EPA-DHA) was assessed using a validated Food Frequency Questionnaire. Cox regression analyses were performed to evaluate the associations of EPA-DHA intake with all-cause and CV mortality. We included 627 RTR (age 53 +/- 13 years). EPA-DHA intake was 102 (42-215) mg/day. During median follow-up of 5.4 years, 130 (21%) RTR died, with 52 (8.3%) due to CV causes. EPA-DHA intake was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality (Hazard Ratio (HR) 0.85; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.75-0.97). Age (p = 0.03) and smoking status (p = 0.01) significantly modified this association, with lower risk of all-cause and CV mortality particularly in older (HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.61-0.92; HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.48-0.95) and non-smoking RTR (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.68-0.93; HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.56-0.98). In conclusion, marine-derived n-3 PUFA intake is inversely associated with risk of all-cause and CV mortality in RTR. The strongest associations were present in subgroups of patients, which adds further evidence to the plea for EPA-DHA supplementation, particularly in elderly and non-smoking RTR.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and cardiovascular disease; Epidemiological studies on Greenland Inuits in the 1970s and subsequent human studies have established an inverse relationship between the ingestion of omega-3 fatty acids [C20-22 omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)], blood levels of C20-22 omega 3 PUFA, and mortality associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD). C20-22 omega 3 PUFA have pleiotropic effects on cell function and regulate multiple pathways controlling blood lipids, inflammatory factors, and cellular events in cardiomyocytes and vascular endothelial cells. The hypolipemic, anti-inflammatory, anti-arrhythmic properties of these fatty acids confer cardioprotection. Accordingly, national heart associations and government agencies have recommended increased consumption of fatty fish or omega 3 PUFA supplements to prevent CVD. In addition to fatty fish, sources of omega 3 PUFA are available from plants, algae, and yeast. A key question examined in this review is whether nonfish sources of omega 3 PUFA are as effective as fatty fish-derived C20-22 omega 3 PUFA at managing risk factors linked to CVD. We focused on omega 3 PUFA metabolism and the capacity of omega 3 PUFA supplements to regulate key cellular events linked to CVD. The outcome of our analysis reveals that nonfish sources of omega 3 PUFA vary in their capacity to regulate blood levels of C20-22 omega 3 PUFA and CVD risk factors.-Jump, D. B., C. M. Depner, and S. Tripathy. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and cardiovascular disease. J. Lipid Res. 2012. 53: 2525-2545.
Availability and functionality of omega-3 in diversified marine algae; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as n-3 and n-6 fatty acids are essential nutrients which cannot be synthesized by mammals, or only to a limited extent. Therefore, they must be ingested via dietary sources. In general, it is vital to maintain an appropriate balance of n-3 and n-6 in the diet as these fatty acids work together to promote health. The n-3 fatty acids have been recognized to exhibit not only anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities, but also exhibit anti-cancer activity, thus contributing their beneficial cardiac effects. For human consumption, current major sources of marine n-3 omega fatty acids such as eicosapentanoeic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) include include salmon, mullet and mackerel. However, at the global scale, algal-based omega-3 fatty acids for human better health have been well exploited whereas salmon based or other fish-based omega-3 consumption is avoided due religious boundaries. This review explains the updates and beneficial effects of algal based omega-3 fatty acids for human health and their better effects than other omega-3 products.
Marine n-3 Fatty Acids and Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Cancer; BACKGROUND
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Markers of Thrombosis in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation; Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) are associated with a lower risk of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). Antithrombotic mechanisms may in part explain this observation. Therefore, we examined the association of n-3 FAs with D-dimer and beta-thromboglobulin (BTG), markers for activated coagulation and platelets, respectively. The n-3 FAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) were determined via gas chromatography in the whole blood of 2373 patients with AF from the Swiss Atrial Fibrillation cohort study (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02105844). In a cross-sectional analysis, we examined the association of total n-3 FAs (EPA + DHA + DPA + ALA) and the association of individual fatty acids with D-dimer in patients with detectable D-dimer values (n = 1096) as well as with BTG (n = 2371) using multiple linear regression models adjusted for confounders. Median D-dimer and BTG levels were 0.340 ug/mL and 448 ng/mL, respectively. Higher total n-3 FAs correlated with lower D-dimer levels (coefficient 0.94, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 0.90-0.98, p = 0.004) and lower BTG levels (coefficient 0.97, Cl 0.95-0.99, p = 0.003). Likewise, the individual n-3 FAs EPA, DHA, DPA and ALA showed an inverse association with D-dimer. Higher levels of DHA, DPA and ALA correlated with lower BTG levels, whereas EPA showed a positive association with BTG. In patients with AF, higher levels of n-3 FAs were associated with lower levels of D-dimer and BTG, markers for activated coagulation and platelets, respectively. These findings suggest that n-3 FAs may exert antithrombotic properties in patients with AF.
The Role of Nutrition in Secondary Prevention of Coronary Artery Disease; Secondary prevention strategies are designed to target multiple risk factors through pharmacologic and lifestyle intervention. Therefore, diet therapy plays an important role in secondary prevention of CHD. Epidemiologic studies have identified several dietary patterns that are associated with reduced risk for CHD morbidity and mortality, such as the Mediterranean diet and a "Prudent" diet. These dietary patterns exhibit a number of similarities with current dietary recommendations for primary and secondary prevention; they are nutrient rich (from fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds, and plant oils, reduced-fat and fat-free milk products, seafood, and lean animal and plant proteins) and low in saturated and trans fatty acids, cholesterol, and sodium. There also is strong evidence from secondary prevention studies that long chain omega-3 fatty acids from marine sources are effective for cardiovascular disease risk reduction. In addition, there is some evidence of benefits of dietary patterns including a Mediterranean diet, a very low-fat diet, a diet high in omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids as well as a Mediter-ranean-style diet high in alpha-linolenic acid (all of which are low in saturated fatty acids). It is apparent that there are multiple dietary treatment strategies available to clinicians that enable individualized treatment plans and optimal therapeutic outcomes for patients with coronary disease.
Intake of Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids From Diet and Supplements in Relation to Mortality; Evidence from experimental studies suggests that the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have beneficial effects that may lead to reduced mortality from chronic diseases, but epidemiologic evidence is mixed. Our objective was to evaluate whether intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids from diet and supplements is associated with cause-specific and total mortality. Study participants (n = 70,495) were members of a cohort study (the Vitamins and Lifestyle Study) who were residents of Washington State aged 50-76 years at the start of the study (2000-2002). Participants were followed for mortality through 2006 (n = 3,051 deaths). Higher combined intake of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from diet and supplements was associated with a decreased risk of total mortality (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.73, 0.93) and mortality from cancer (HR = 0.77, 95% CI: 0.64, 0.92) but only a small reduction in risk of death from cardiovascular disease (HR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.68, 1.10). These results suggest that intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may reduce risk of total and cancer-specific mortality.
Cardioprotective effects of omega 3 fatty acids: origin of the variability; Since 40 years, it is known that omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFAs) have cardioprotective effects. These include antiarrhythmic effects, improvements of autonomic function, endothelial function, platelet anti-aggregation and inflammatory properties, lowering blood pressure, plaque stabilization and reduced atherosclerosis. However, recently, conflicting results regarding the health benefits of omega 3 PUFAs from seafood or omega 3 PUFAs supplements have emerged. The aim of this review is to examine recent literature regarding health aspects of omega 3 PUFAs intake from fish or supplements, and to discuss different arguments/reasons supporting these conflicting findings.
Omega-3 fatty acids, homocysteine, and the increased risk of cardiovascular mortality in major depressive disorder; Depression Is associated with elevated rates of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. This elevation seems to be due to a significantly increased risk of coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction and, once the ischemic heart disease is established, sudden cardiac death. Recent data suggest that the increased rates of cardiovascular disease in patients with depression may be the result of one or more still-unrecognized underlying physiological factors that predispose a patient to both depression and cardiovascular disease. Two possibly related factors that may have a causal relation with both depressive disorders and cardiovascular disease are an omega-3 fatty acid deficiency and elevated homocysteine levels. We present the available data connecting cardiovascular disease, depression, omega-3 fatty acids, and homocysteine. In addition, we suggest research strategies and some preliminary treatment recommendations that may reduce the increased risk of cardiovascular mortality in patients with major depressive disorder.
CARDIOVASCULAR EFFECTS OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN THE ELDERLY; Numerous studies indicate that dietary supplementation with n-3 fatty acids reduces the incidence of and morbidity associated with cardiovascular disease in middle-aged men. From these studies and the few trials conducted in older people, it can be assumed that the elderly may also benefit from the short-term effects of a moderate increase in the consumption of fish, such as reductions in platelet aggregation, plasma triglyceride levels and blood pressure. More clinical trials are needed to evaluate the beneficial long-term effects and the safety of increased n-3 fatty acid intake in the elderly, especially that of higher, pharmacological doses.
Modulation of native T-type calcium channels by ω-3 fatty acids; Low voltage-activated, rapidly inactivating T-type Ca2+ channels are found in a variety of cells where they regulate electrical activity and Ca2+ entry. In whole-cell patch clamp recordings from bovine adrenal zona fasciculata cis-polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids inlcuding docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid. and a-linolenic acid inhibited T-type Ca2- current (IT-Ca) with IC(50)s of 2.4, 6.1, and 14.4 muM, respectively. Inhibition of IT-Ca by DHA was partially use-dependent. In the absence of stimulation, DHA (5 muM) inhibited IT-Ca by 59.7 +/- 8.1% (n = 5). When voltage steps to -10 mV were applied at 12 intervals. block increased to 80.5 +/- 7.2%. Inhibition of IT-Ca by DHA was accompanied by a shift of -11.7 mV in the voltage-dependence of steady-state inactivation, and a smaller -3.3 mV shift in the voltage dependence of activation. omega-3 fatty acids also selectively altered the gating kinetics of T-type Ca2+ channels. DHA accelerated T channel recovery front inactivation by approximately 3-fold but did not affect the kinetics of T channel activation or deactivation. Arachidonic acid, an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, also inhibited T-type Ca2+ current at micromolar concentrations, while the trans polyunsaturated fatty acid linolelaidic acid was ineffective. These results identify cis polyunsaturated fatty acids as relatively potent, new T-type Ca2+ channel antagonists. omega-3 fatty acids are essential dietary components that have been shown to possess remarkable neuroprotective and cardioprotective properties that are likely mediated through Suppression of electrical activity and associated Ca2- entry. Inhibition of T-type Ca2- channels ire neurons and cardiac myocytes could contribute significantly to their protective actions. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Stroke Burden; Stroke is a major leading cause of death and disability worldwide. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) including eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have potent anti-inflammatory effects, reduce platelet aggregation, and regress atherosclerotic plaques. Since the discovery that the Greenland Eskimo population, whose diet is high in marine n-3 PUFAs, have a lower incidence of coronary heart disease than Western populations, numerous epidemiological studies to explore the associations of dietary intakes of fish and n-3 PUFAs with cardiovascular diseases, and large-scale clinical trials to identify the benefits of treatment with n-3 PUFAs have been conducted. In most of these studies the incidence and mortality of stroke were also evaluated mainly as secondary endpoints. Thus, a systematic literature review regarding the association of dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs with stroke in the epidemiological studies and the treatment effects of n-3 PUFAs in the clinical trials was conducted. Moreover, recent experimental studies were also reviewed to explore the molecular mechanisms of the neuroprotective effects of n-3 PUFAs after stroke.
An ω-3, but Not an ω-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Decreases Membrane Dipole Potential and Stimulates Endo-Lysosomal Escape of Penetratin; Although the largely positive intramembrane dipole potential (DP) may substantially influence the function of transmembrane proteins, its investigation is deeply hampered by the lack of measurement techniques suitable for high-throughput examination of living cells. Here, we describe a novel emission ratiometric flow cytometry method based on F66, a 3-hydroxiflavon derivative, and demonstrate that 6-ketocholestanol, cholesterol and 7-dehydrocholesterol, saturated stearic acid (SA) and omega-6 gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) increase, while omega-3 alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) decreases the DP. These changes do not correlate with alterations in cell viability or membrane fluidity. Pretreatment with ALA counteracts, while SA or GLA enhances cholesterol-induced DP elevations. Furthermore, ALA (but not SA or GLA) increases endo-lysosomal escape of penetratin, a cell-penetrating peptide. In summary, we have developed a novel method to measure DP in large quantities of individual living cells and propose ALA as a physiological DP lowering agent facilitating cytoplasmic entry of penetratin.
Circulating Concentrations of Essential Fatty Acids, Linoleic and α-Linolenic Acid, in US Adults in 2003-2004 and 2011-2012 and the Relation with Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Disease: An NHANES Analysis; Background: The increased use of high-oleic oils to replace trans fat has led to concern about declining intake of PUFA and the potential for essential fatty acid insufficiency or even deficiency.
Systematic review of omega-3 enriched foods and health; Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to review evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials reporting links between omega-3 enriched functional foods and health.
Omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels are reduced in whole blood of Italian patients with a recent myocardial infarction: the AGE-IM study; Objective: The relationship between whole blood fatty acids and myocardial infarction (MI) risk has not been analyzed in detail, especially in Mediterranean countries. The AGE-IM (Acidi Grassi Essenziali e Infarto Miocardico) study was planned to examine the relationships between MI, whole blood fatty acids and the diet in an Italian cohort.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS/VITAMIN E BEHAVE SYNERGISTICALLY ON ADIPONECTIN RECEPTOR-1 AND ADIPONECTIN RECEPTOR-2 GENE EXPRESSIONS IN PERIPHERAL BLOOD MONONUCLEAR CELL OF CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE PATIENTS; Reducing the levels of adiponectin receptors, AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 can reduce the ability of adiponectin in preventing inflammatory processes. Therefore, researches need to find a way to increase the gene expression of adiponectin receptors for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. A randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled trial was conducted on 67 CAD male patients. Participants received 4g/day omega 3 plus 400IU/day vitamin E (OE) or 4g/day omega 3 plus vitamin E placebo (OP) or both w3 and vitamin E placebos (PP) for two months. The Gene expression of adiponectin receptors in PBMCs and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in serum were measured. Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids significantly reduced the serum level of hsCRP as well as consumption of combined omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplements. Gene expression of AdipoR2 significantly increased in OP and OE groups. Consumption of combined omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E had a significant effect on the gene expression of AdipoR1. However, omega-3 fatty acids did not change the gene expression of AdipoR1 significantly. Administration of omega-3 fatty acids with or without vitamin E for two months results in significant increases in the gene expression of adiponectin receptors and hence improves serum levels of inflammatory process in CAD patients.
A combination of omega-3 fatty acids, folic acid and B-group vitamins is superior at lowering homocysteine than omega-3 alone: A meta-analysis; The aim of the study was to assess whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation alone or in combination with folic acid and B-group vitamins is effective in lowering homocysteine. The Medline Ovid, Embase and Cochrane databases were searched for randomized-controlled trial studies that intervened with omega-3 supplementation (with or without folic acid) and measured changes in homocysteine concentration. Studies were pooled using a random effects model for meta-analysis. Three different models were analyzed: all trials combined, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid trials, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with folic acid and B-group vitamin trials. Nineteen studies were included, consisting of 3267 participants completing 21 trials. Studies were heterogeneous; varying by dose, duration and participant health conditions. Across all trials, omega-3 supplementation was effective in lowering homocysteine by an average of 1.18 mu mol/L (95%CI: (-1.89, -0.48), P = .001). The average homocysteine-lowering effect was greater when omega-3 supplementation was combined with folic acid and B-group vitamins (-1.37 mu mol/L, 95%CI: (-2.38, -0.36), P < .01) compared to omega-3 supplementation alone (-1.09 mu mol/L., 95%CI: (-2.04, -0.13), P = .03). Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation was associated with a modest reduction in homocysteine. For the purposes of reducing homocysteine, a combination of omega-3 s (0.2-6 g/day), folic acid (150 2500 mu g/day) and vitamins B6 and B12 may be more effective than omega-3 supplementation alone. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Flaxseed and cardiovascular risk; Flaxseed has recently gained attention in the area of cardiovascular disease primarily because it is the richest known source of both a-linolenic acid (ALA) and the phytoestrogen, lignans, as well as being a good source of soluble fiber. Human studies have shown that flaxseed can modestly reduce serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, reduce postprandial glucose absorption, decrease some markers of inflammation, and raise serum levels of the omega-3 fatty acids, ALA and eicosapentaenoic acid. Data on the antiplatelet, antioxidant, and hypotensive effects of flaxseed, however, are inconclusive. More research is needed to define the role of this functional food in reducing cardiovascular risk.
The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL): Do Results Differ by Sex or Race/Ethnicity?; Whether vitamin D or marine omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid supplementation reduces risk of cancer or cardiovascular disease (CVD) in general populations at usual risk for these outcomes is relatively unexplored in randomized trials. The primary goal of the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL), a nationwide, randomized, placebo-controlled, 2 x 2 factorial trial of vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/day) and marine n-3 fatty acids (1 g/day) in the primary prevention of cancer and CVD among 25 871 US men aged >= 50 years and women aged >= 55 years, was to fill these knowledge gaps. Studying the influence of sex and race/ethnicity on treatment-related outcomes was a prespecified goal; such analyses help ensure that important effects are not missed and contribute to the foundation for developing targeted recommendations for supplement use. To enable investigation of potential sex- and race-specific treatment effects, trial investigators enrolled an even balance of men (n = 12 786) and women (n = 13 085) and oversampled African Americans (n = 5106). Significant or suggestive variation in intervention effects according to sex, race/ethnicity, and other participant characteristics was observed for some, though not all, outcomes. Additional research is needed to determine which individuals may be most likely to derive a net benefit from vitamin D or n-3 fatty acid supplementation. (VITAL clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01169259).
Circulating Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Levels in Coronary Heart Disease: Pooled Analysis of 36 Observational Studies; Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation has shown potential benefits in the prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD); however, the impact of omega-3 fatty acid levels on CHD risk remains a subject of debate. Here, we aimed to investigate the association between n-3 PUFA levels and the risk of CHD, with particular reference to the subtypes of n-3 PUFA. Methods: Prospective studies and retrospective case-control studies analyzing n-3 PUFA levels in CHD, published up to 30 July 2022, were selected. A random effects meta-analysis was used for pooled assessment, with relative risks (RRs) expressed as 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and standardized mean differences expressed as weight mean differences (WMDs). Subgroup and meta-regression analyses were conducted to assess the impact of n-3 PUFA exposure interval on the CHD subtype variables of the study. Results: We included 20 prospective studies (cohort and nested case-control) and 16 retrospective case-control studies, in which n-3 PUFAs were measured. Higher levels of n-3 PUFAs (ALA, EPA, DPA, DHA, EPA + DHA, total n-3 PUFAs) were associated with a reduced risk of CHD, with RRs (95% CI) of 0.89 (0.81, 0.98), 0.83 (0.72, 0.96); 0.80 (0.67,0.95), 0.75 (0.64, 0.87), 0.83 (0.73, 0.95), and 0.80 (0.70, 0.93), respectively, p < 0.05. CHD patients had significantly lower n-3 PUFA levels compared to healthy controls (p < 0.05). In the subgroup analysis, a significant inverse trend was found for both fatal CHD and non-fatal CHD with n-3 PUFA (EPA + DHA) levels. Also, the link between n-3 PUFA levels in erythrocytes with total CHD was generally stronger than other lipid pools. Conclusions: n-3 PUFAs are significantly related to CHD risk, and these findings support the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs on CHD.
ISSFAL statement number 7-Omega-3 fatty acids during pregnancy to reduce preterm birth; Globally, preterm birth is the leading cause of death in children under the age of 5 years and survivors may suffer life-long consequences. Following many years of investigation, there is strong evidence that a proportion of preterm births can be prevented by increasing maternal dietary omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) intake during pregnancy. This Statement provides a synthesis of contemporary evidence on the role of omega-3 LCPUFA on prevention of preterm birth and is designed to provide fatty acid-specific knowledge and guidance for medical practitioners, midwives, health services, professional bodies and policy makers to consider for their contextual situations. The evidence synthesis, which underpins this statement, is based on the 2018 Cochrane systematic review with supplemental evidence from RCTs completed since that time as well as other systematic reviews. Heterogeneity between studies was explored to understand how the effect of omega-3 supplementation may vary in different population groups and by dose and type of omega-3 supplementation. Most trials were conducted in upper-middle or high-income countries and the evidence are most applicable in those settings. The evidence synthesis confirmed that omega-3 LCPUFA, particularly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have an important role to play in determining gestational length in singleton pregnancies. Adequate intake of omega-3 LCPUFA in early pregnancy, consistent with existing nutri-tional guidelines, is associated with a lower risk of preterm and early preterm births for women with singleton pregnancies. Therefore, women with adequate omega-3 intakes in early pregnancy should maintain these in-takes. Women who are low in omega-3 fatty acids will benefit most from omega-3 LCPUFA supplementation to reduce their risk of early birth. In such cases supplementation with a total of about 1000 mg of DHA plus EPA is effective at reducing risk of early birth, preferably with supplementation commencing before 20 weeks' gestation.
Levels of Omega 3 fatty acids in Australian seafood; The aim of this study was to determine the quantity of omega 3 (n-3) fatty acids in commonly consumed species of South Australian fish. Omega 3 fatty acids ranged from 17.7% to 53.7% of total fat with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) as the major omega 3 fatty acid in all 26 species tested (range 9.5% to 47.1% of total fat). The levels of total omega 6 (n-6) fatty acids ranged from 2.3% to 20.2% of total lipids, chiefly as arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6). Fatty fish such as Gemfish, Atlantic Salmon and Swordfish were found to be good sources of omega-3 fatty acid (1360, 2252 and 2571 mg/100g fish respectively), while low fat fish such as Ling, Deep Sea Bream (Blue Warhou) and Blue Grenadier (0.5, 0.7 and 0.7% fat) had low levels of omega 3 fatty acid (222, 257 and 247 mg/100g). Because most white table fish consumed by Australians are so low in fat they are actually a limited source of omega 3 fats. The amount of fish required to be consumed to provide I g of omega 3 fatty acid per day ranged from 40 to 450 g.
The Value of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Prevention of Heart Rhythm Disorders; One of the trends in modern cardiology is the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) in the prevention of heart rhythm disorders and the prevention of sudden cardiac death. In experimental studies, it was found that omega-3 PUFAs have a variety of pleiotropic effects: they reduce the formation of oxygen radicals, reduce reperfusion complications, reduce the level of thromboxane and platelet aggregation, and improve endothelial function. The ability of omega-3 PUFA to have an anti-inflammatory effect, which includes the inhibition of leukocyte chemotaxis, the expression of adhesion molecules, the formation of eicosanoids and biologically active substances with powerful anti-inflammatory properties. One of the most significant effects of omega-3 PUFA can be considered their anti-atherogenic effect. Antiarrhythmic properties of omega-3 PUFA are associated with the effect on the ion channels of cardiomyocytes, they are able to activate "slow" calcium channels, increase the activity of Ca2+/Mg2+-ATPase and reduce the work of sodium channels. In animal experiments, it has been shown that in conditions of ischemia or adrenergic stimulation, omega-3 PUFA stabilizes the cardiomyocyte membrane, can increase the duration of the effective refractory period, and prevent the development of various heart rhythm disorders. Clinical studies have shown that the administration of omega-3 PUFA in addition to standard treatment reduces the risk of new cases of atrial fibrillation, ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death.
Ventricular arrhythmia prevalence and treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients who suffered myocardial infarction within the last year; Aim. To study the prevalence of ventricular arrhythmias (VA) in the patients who suffered myocardial infarction (M l) within the last year; to evaluate the effects of the treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) for 6 months.
Omega-3s and Cardiovascular Health; Background: Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have previously been shown to reduce the risk of cardiac events, cardiac death, and all-cause mortality in randomized controlled trials. However, recent data have challenged the benefits of n-3 fatty acids in the current era of optimal medical therapy.
Long-term effect of high dose omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for secondary prevention of cardiovascular outcomes: A meta-analysis of randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials; Background: Although omega-3 fatty acids have well documented properties which would reduce the cardiovascular (CV) disease risk, the evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) remains inconclusive. We performed a meta-analysis of the available RCTs for investigating the CV preventive effect of administrating at least 1 gram/day, and for at least 1 year, omega-3 fatty acid supplements to patients with existing CV disease.
Blood omega-3 fatty acids and death from COVID-19: A pilot study; Very-long chain omega-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA) have anti-inflammatory properties that may help reduce morbidity and mortality from COVID-19 infection. We conducted a pilot study in 100 patients to test the hypothesis that RBC EPA+DHA levels (the Omega-3 Index, O3I) would be inversely associated with risk for death by analyzing the O3I in banked blood samples drawn at hospital admission. Fourteen patients died, one of 25 in quartile 4 (Q4) (O3I ?5.7%) and 13 of 75 in Q1?3. After adjusting for age and sex, the odds ratio for death in patients with an O3I in Q4 vs Q1?3 was 0.25, p = 0.07. Although not meeting the classical criteria for statistical significance, this strong trend suggests that a relationship may indeed exist, but more well-powered studies are clearly needed.
Omega-3 fatty acids: anti- arrhythmic, pro-arrhythmic, or both?; This review focuses on developments after 2008, when the topic was last reviewed by the author. Pertinent publications were found by medline searches and in the author's personal data base. Prevention of atrial fibrillation (AF) was investigated in a number of trials, sparked by one positive report on the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), considerations of upstream therapy, data from electrophysiologic laboratories and animal experiments. If EPA + DHA prevent postoperative AF, the effect is probably smaller than initially expected. The same is probably true for maintenance of sinus rhythm after cardioversion and for new-onset AF. Larger trials are currently ongoing. Prevention of ventricular arrhythmias was studied in carriers of an implanted cardioverterdefibrillator, with no clear results. This might have been due to a broad definition of the primary endpoint, including any ventricular arrhythmia and any action of the device. Epidemiologic studies support the contention that high levels of EPA + DHA prevent sudden cardiac death (SCD). However, since SCD is a rare occurrence, it is difficult to conduct an adequately powered trial. In patients with congestive heart failure, EPA + DHA reduced total mortality and rehospitalizations, but not SCD or presumed arrhythmic death. Of three trials in patients after a myocardial infarction, two were inadequately powered, and in one, the dose might have been too low. Taken together, while epidemiologic studies support an inverse relation between EPA + DHA and occurrence of SCD or arrhythmic death, demonstrating this effect in intervention trials remained elusive so far. A pro-arrhythmic effect of EPA + DHA has not been seen in intervention studies, and results of epidemiologic and animal studies also rather argue against such an effect. A different, and probably more productive, perspective is provided by a standardized analytical assessment of a person's status in EPA + DHA by use of the omega-3 index, EPA + DHA in red cell fatty acids. In populations with a high omega-3 index, SCD is rare. Intervention trials can become more effective by including a low omega-3 index into the inclusion criteria, thus creating a study population more likely to demonstrate an effect of EPA + DHA. This is especially relevant in case of rare endpoints, like new-onset AF or SCD.
Effect of vitamin D and/or omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on stroke outcomes: A randomized trial; Background and purpose Among stroke patients, low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D predicts poor outcomes. In mice, higher omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid intake diminishes brain damage after stroke. In this study, we tested whether vitamin D or n-3 fatty acids supplementation prior to stroke reduces the risk of functional limitations and physical disability after stroke.
The Relationship Between Serum Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratio and Functional Status in Patients with Stroke Induced Sarcopenia; Though an optimal serum polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio has yet to be defined, the identification of serum polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio as a clinical biomarker may have important implications for stroke recovery. The purpose of this study was to quantify habitual serum polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio to determine their relationship with physical function in a cohort of chronic adult stroke survivors. Twenty chronic stroke survivors (age: 61 +/- 9 years; BMI: 29 +/- 8 kg/m2 ; mean +/- SD) were assessed for two-minute walk distance (2MWD). Plasma lipid and glucose profiles were measured, and Hs-IR calculated. Serum polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio profiles were assessed by mass spectrometry. Results: Average serum omega-6 concentrations were 164+41 mu g/d and serum omega-3 (EPA+DHA) concentrations were 163 +/- 26 mu g/d, with an omega-6 (AA) to omega-3 (EPA+DHA) serum concentration ratio of 1.6 +/- 0.3. These data suggest that the concentration ratio of serum polyunsaturated fatty acid may be important indices of physical dysfunction in patients with stroke induced sarcopenia.
Omega 3-fatty acids: Health benefits and cellular mechanisms of action; Epidemiological evidence has established that ingestion of long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), abundant in fish oils, have profound effects on many human disorders and diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. Here we briefly review the dietary recommendations and the food sources that are naturally enriched by these fatty acids. There are also a number of products including eggs, bread, and cereals available to supplement omega-3 fatty acid dietary intake. Some of these supplements are proposed to aid different pathological conditions. While the beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids can no longer be doubted, their molecular mechanism of action remains elusive. Without question, the action of omega-3 fatty acids is complex and involves a number of integrated signaling pathways. This review focuses on one of the possible cellular mechanisms by which the omega-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), may function. Studies with cancer cells suggest that DHA induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis by activating protein phosphatases, leading to dephosphorylation of retinoblastoma protein (pRB). Protein phosphatases are also involved with the protein Bcl2, which regulates the release of cytochrome c from mitochondria, and eventually, activation of the apoptotic enzyme caspase 3.
Triglyceride-lowering and anti-inflammatory mechanisms of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk reduction; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is the leading cause of death globally. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) including eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have been extensively studied as both dietary supplement and pharmaceutical agent for the prevention of ASCVD. Epidemiological and retrospective studies have long shown the inverse relationship of omega-3 PUFA consumption and ASCVD event but results of previous large randomized controlled trials have not consistently shown the same effect. Meta-analysis and a recent clinical trial using a high dose of eicosapentaenoic acid showed convincing protective effects of omega-3 PUFAs on ASCVD. Emerging evidence shows that both chronic inflammation and hypertriglyceridemia increase the risk of atherosclerosis. Amelioration of the inflammatory process and reduction of hypertriglyceridemia provide two mechanisms on the prevention and management of ASCVD, and agents with both of these effects are more potent and desirable. Omega-3 PUFAs exert anti-hypertriglyceridemia effect, ameliorate inflammation, and maintain the resolution of inflammation homeostasis pleiotropically through multiple molecular and cellular mechanisms. This review presents the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis, the mechanisms of omega-3 PUFAs on the reduction of the atherosclerotic risk, and the current clinical utilities of omega-3 PUFAs on the prevention of ASCVD. (c) 2021 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Acute Coronary Syndrome, and Sudden Death; Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are currently recommended to reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases. These recommendations are based on randomized trials, prospective cohort studies, and case-control data and are supported by experimental studies in humans, animals, and isolated cells. Raising tissue levels of omega-3 FAs reduces the risk of sudden cardiac death, most likely due to reduced susceptibility to fatal arrhythmias, but the effect of these FAs on the risk of myocardial infarction per se is less clear. Reductions in nonfatal events have not typically been seen in randomized trials, but case-control and prospective cohort studies support such an effect. Future studies should assess tissue levels of omega-3 FAs to more precisely estimate exposure and to more clearly define the relations between omega-3 status and the risk of fatal or nonfatal cardiovascular diseases.
Omega-3 supplementation and cardiovascular disease: formulation-based systematic review and meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis; Background Omega-3 supplements are popular for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention. We aimed to assess the association between dose-specific omega-3 supplementation and CVD outcomes.
Omega-3 fatty acids for intermittent claudication; Background
Update on the Vitamin D and OmegA-3 trial (VITAL); Despite continued appreciation of the potential role of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD), there remain no completed large-scale, randomized trials of these agents for the primary prevention of cancer or CVD in a population that has not been selected on the basis of elevated risk. The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is a 2 x 2 factorial randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the benefits and risks of vitamin D (vitamin D-3 [cholecalciferol], 2000 IU/d) and marine omega-3 fatty acids (Omacor (R) fish oil, a 1 g/d) in the primary prevention of cancer and CVD among 25,875 men and women, aged >= 50 and >= 55 years, respectively. Randomization began in November 2011 and was completed in March 2014. This report will describe the rationale for the trial and currently available randomized trial data, summarize related ongoing large-scale trials, and provide a brief overview of study design, and an update on randomization milestones, racial/ethnic diversity, biorepository activities, in-depth phenotyping of a subcohort, and ancillary studies. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 PUFAs induce apoptosis of gastric cancer cells via ADORA1; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3 PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have been suggested to have anti-cancer effects by epidemiological and clinical studies. However, their underlying anti-cancer mechanisms are still unclear. In this study, we examined the influence of two Omega-3 PUFAs (DHA and EPA) on the proliferation and apoptosis of gastric cancer (GC) cells, and found that DHA and EPA reduced the viability of GC cells and induced apoptosis by activating caspase-3. Moreover, we screened the expression profile of apoptosis-related genes in GC cells upon the treatment of DHA and/or EPA, and discovered that ADORA1, one subtype of adenosine receptor functionally involved in cell death, was upregulated in response to DHA and EPA. Importantly, when GC cells were treated with a selective ADORA1 antagonist, DPCPX, the DHA/EPA-induced apoptosis was substantially reduced. Taken together, our results suggest that the anti-cancer effect of Omega-3 PUFAs on gastric cancer is at least partly dependent on activating the ADORA1-mediated apoptosis pathway.
Omega-3 fatty acids improve recovery, whereas omega-6 fatty acids worsen outcome, after spinal cord injury in the adult rat; Spinal cord injury (SCI) is a cause of major neurological disability, and no satisfactory treatment is currently available. Evidence suggests that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) could target some of the pathological mechanisms that underlie damage after SCI. We examined the effects of treatment with PUFAs after lateral spinal cord hemisection in the rat. The omega-3 PUFAs alpha-linolenic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) injected 30 min after injury induced significantly improved locomotor performance and neuroprotection, including decreased lesion size and apoptosis and increased neuronal and oligodendrocyte survival. Evidence showing a decrease in RNA/DNA oxidation suggests that the neuroprotective effect of omega-3 PUFAs involved a significant antioxidant function. In contrast, animals treated with arachidonic acid, an omega-6 PUFA, had a significantly worse outcome than controls. We confirmed the neuroprotective effect of omega-3 PUFAs by examining the effects of DHA treatment after spinal cord compression injury. Results indicated that DHA administered 30 min after spinal cord compression not only greatly increased survival of neurons but also resulted in significantly better locomotor performance for up to 6 weeks after injury.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on depressive symptoms and dispositional optimism after myocardial infarction; Background: In patients who have experienced a myocardial infarction (MI), n-3 (omega-3) PUFA status is low, whereas the risk of depression is increased.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: an emphasis on omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia; A number of epidemiological/observational studies, as well as large-scale randomized intervention studies, have been conducted to provide evidence for the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids against atherosclerotic diseases. Currently, omega-3 fatty acids are commercially available in many parts of the world containing the same active ingredients as Lotriga (R) (omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 [O3AE highly concentrated omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters, consisting of eicosapentaenoic acid-ethyl ester and docosahexaenoic acid-ethyl ester [EPA-E/DHA-E]). A recent head-to-head comparative study of O3AEE90 versus EPA-E demonstrated that O3AEE90 4g/day led to a significantly greater reduction in triglycerides (TG) than EPA-E 1.8g/day and that O3AEE90 2g/day produced comparable effects on TG to those with EPA-E 1.8g/day. While both agents were shown to be useful in lowering TG, the hallmark feature of O3AEE90, that is, the presence of the DHA-E component versus its absence in EPA-E, needs to be further examined for its clinical implications.
Red blood cell oleic acid levels reflect olive oil intake while omega-3 levels reflect fish intake and the use of omega-3 acid ethyl esters: The Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico-Heart Failure trial; The Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico-Heart Failure (GISSI-HF) study reported benefits of n-3 fatty acid (FA) treatment on cardiovascular (CV) events, but the effects of treatment on a putative CV disease risk factor, the red blood cell (RBC) n-3 FA level (the omega-3 index), have not been examined in this context. We hypothesized that treatment with prescription omega-3 acid ethyl esters (O3AEE) would increase the omega-3 index to the proposed cardioprotective value of 8%. RBCs were collected from a subset of patients participating in the GISSI-HF study (n = 461 out of 6975 randomized), at baseline and after 3 months of treatment with either an olive oil placebo or O3AEE (1 g/d). RBC FA levels were expressed as a percentage of total FA. Patients also reported their typical olive oil and fish intakes. RBC oleic acid levels were directly correlated with reported frequency of olive oil consumption, and the omega-3 index was correlated with reported fish intake (P for trends <0.001 for both). After treatment, the omega-3 index increased from 4.8 +/- 1.7% to 6.7 +/- 1.9% but was unchanged in the placebo group (4.7 +/- 1.7 to 4.8 +/- 1.5%) (P < .0001 for changes between groups). At 3 months, more patients reached the proposed target omega-3 index level of 8%-12% in the treated vs placebo group (22.6% vs. 1.3%, P < .0001), however, what omega-3 index levels were ultimately achieved after four years in this trial are unknown. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The eicosapentaenoic acid:arachidonic acid ratio and its clinical utility in cardiovascular disease; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is a key anti-inflammatory/anti-aggregatory long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid. Conversely, the omega-6 fatty acid, arachidonic acid (AA) is a precursor to a number of pro-inflammatory/pro-aggregatory mediators. EPA acts competitively with AA for the key cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase enzymes to form less inflammatory products. As a result, the EPA:AA ratio may be a marker of chronic inflammation, with a lower ratio corresponding to higher levels of inflammation. It is now well established that inflammation plays an important role in cardiovascular disease. This review examines the role of the EPA:AA ratio as a marker of cardiovascular disease and the relationship between changes in the ratio (mediated by EPA intake) and changes in cardiovascular risk. Epidemiological studies have shown that a lower EPA:AA ratio is associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease, acute coronary syndrome, myocardial infarction, stroke, chronic heart failure, peripheral artery disease, and vascular disease. Increasing the EPA:AA ratio through treatment with purified EPA has been shown in clinical studies to be effective in primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease and reduces the risk of cardiovascular events following percutaneous coronary intervention. The EPA:AA ratio is a valuable predictor of cardiovascular risk. Results from ongoing clinical trials will help to define thresholds for EPA treatment associated with better clinical outcomes.
Serial circulating omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and healthy ageing among older adults in the Cardiovascular Health Study: prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE
Association of circulating vitamin D and omega 3 fatty acid with all-cause mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A large population-based cohort study; Objectives: To assess the associations of both the level of circulating vitamin D and the ratio of omega-3 fatty acids to total fatty acids (omega-3 %) with mortality among participants with rheumatoid arthritis.Study design: This study included 4,293 and 1,157 adults with rheumatoid arthritis identified by self-report from the UK Biobank for the analysis of vitamin D and omega-3 %, respectively.Main outcome measures: Death outcomes were obtained from the National Health Service Information Centre (England and Wales) and the National Health Service Central Register Scotland (Scotland). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios and 95 % confidence intervals for mortality.Results: The medians (25th-75th percentiles) of serum 25(OH)D and omega-3 % were 45.8 (31.4-62.9) nmol/L and 4.1 % (3.3 %-5.1 %), respectively. During 52,612 person-years of follow-up in the 25(OH)D group, 502 allcause deaths occurred; and during 14,192 person-years of follow-up in the omega-3 % group, 122 all-cause deaths occurred. Rheumatoid arthritis patients with vitamin D levels of at least 20 nmol/L had an approximately 40-50 % lower risk of all-cause mortality than those with severe vitamin D deficiency (hazard ratio ranging from 0.51 to 0.62, all P values < 0.05). Each unit increase in natural log-transformed 25(OH)D was associated with a 22 % reduction in the risk of all-cause mortality, and a U-shaped association between serum 25 (OH)D and all-cause mortality was found. However, the association between omega-3 % and mortality was not significant.Conclusions: Lower serum 25(OH)D concentration, but not omega-3 %, was significantly associated with higher all-cause mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Optimizing serum vitamin D levels may be an important factor in reducing mortality risk in this population.
Dietary <i>n</i>-6 and <i>n</i>-3 PUFA alter the free oxylipin profile differently in male and female rat hearts; Oxylipins are bioactive lipid mediators synthesised from PUFA. The most well-known oxylipins are the eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid (ARA), and many of them influence cardiac physiology in health and disease. Oxylipins are also formed from other n-3 and n-6 PUFA such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), EPA, DHA and linoleic acid (LA), but fundamental data on the heart oxylipin profile, and the effect of diet and sex on this profile, are lacking. Therefore, weanling female and male Sprague-Dawley rats were given American Institute of Nutrition (AIN)-93G-based diets modified in oil composition to provide higher levels of ALA, EPA, DHA, LA and LA + ALA, compared with control diets. After 6 weeks, free oxylipins in rat hearts were increased primarily by their precursor PUFA, except for EPA oxylipins, which were increased not only by dietary EPA but also by dietary ALA or DHA. Dietary DHA had a greater effect than ALA or EPA on reducing ARA oxylipins. An exception to the dietary n-3 PUFA-lowering effects on ARA oxylipins was observed for several ARA-derived PG metabolites that were higher in rats given EPA diets. Higher dietary LA increased LA oxylipins, but it had no effect on ARA oxylipins. Overall, heart oxylipins were higher in female rats, but this depended on dietary treatment: the female oxylipin:male oxylipin ratio was higher in rats provided the ALA compared with the DHA diet, with other diet groups having ratios in between. In conclusion, individual PUFA and sex have unique and interactive effects on the rat heart free oxylipin profile.
Decreasing the Ratio of Dietary Linoleic to α-Linolenic Acid from 10 to 4 by Changing Only the Former Does Not Prevent Adiposity or Bone Deterioration in Obese Mice; Background: Linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n-6) has been considered to promote low-grade chronic inflammation and adiposity. Studies show adiposity and inflammation are inversely associated with bone mass. Objectives: This study tested the hypothesis that decreasing the dietary ratio of LA to a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3), while keeping ALA constant, mitigates high-fat diet (HF)-induced adiposity and bone loss. Methods: Male C57BL/6 mice at 6 wk old were assigned to 4 treatment groups and fed 1 of the following diets ad libitum for 6 mo: a normal-fat diet (NF; 3.85 kcal/g and 10% energy as fat) with the ratio of the PUFAs LA to ALA at 6; or HFs (4.73 kcal/g and 45% energy as fat) with the ratio of LA to ALA at 10:1, 7:1, or 4:1, respectively. ALA content in the diets was kept the same for all groups at 1% energy. Bone structure, body composition, bone-related cytokines in serum, and gene expression in bone were measured. Data were analyzed using 1-factor ANOVA. Results: Compared with those fed the NF, mice fed the HFs had 19.6% higher fat mass (P < 0.01) and 13.5% higher concentration of serum tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) (P < 0.05), a bone resorption cytokine. Mice fed the HFs had 19.5% and 12.2% lower tibial and second lumbar vertebral bone mass, respectively (P < 0.01). Decreasing the dietary ratio of LA to ALA from 10 to 4 did not affect body mass, fat mass, serum TRAP and TNF-alpha, or any bone structural parameters. Conclusions: These data indicate that decreasing the dietary ratio of LA to ALA from 10 to 4 by simply reducing LA intake does not prevent adiposity or improve bone structure in obese mice.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces one-year risk of atrial fibrillation in patients hospitalized with myocardial infarction; Purpose Current strategies for avoiding atrial fibrillation (AF) are of limited value. We aim to assess the relationship between omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and AF occurrence in post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients.
Repetitive transcranial photobiomodulation but not long-term omega-3 intake reduces epileptiform discharges in rats with stroke-induced epilepsy; Epilepsy is a yet under-recognized consequence after a stroke and nearly 30% of cases are pharmacoresistant. There is an unmet need for therapeutic interventions during epileptogenesis for better long-term disease outcomes. Transcranial photobiomodulation (PBM) and omega-3 (omega-3) dietary supplementation are two approaches that have been shown promising neuroprotective effects after brain injuries. Here, we studied the PBM treatment or omega-3 diet during epileptogenesis in long-term recurrent spontaneous abnormal electrical discharges after stroke. Wistar rats received repetitive 780 nm-laser in the scalp or oral diet with omega-3 for 2-months after photothrombotic stroke. EEG recordings were performed 60 days after treatment end. PBM but not omega-3 reduced both electrographic seizure duration and spikes number in the ipsilateral and contralateral cortices and ventral posteromedial thalamic nucleus. Conclusively, PBM reduced epileptiform discharges in stroke-induced epilepsy. Our results suggest the PBM as a therapeutic approach for stroke-induced epileptogenesis to minimize long-term disease outcomes.
A Review on Flax Seed: A Legume for Longevity; Flax seed, tiny packs of nutrients supply a wealth of health benefits. Dietary flaxseed has an amazing use in a different health conditions. Research evidences on the properties of dietary flaxseed have wide spread information. It has been found that the tiny, edible seeds of the flax plant, have gained superfood status because of its therapeutic values in preventing the diseases. From the past few years, there is growing evidences that the people have become more health conscious. Many trials have been conducted with the upgraded standards of control available in order to provide consistent information on its significance to the general community. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of the research that have reinforced the growth of flaxseed as a commodity with importance in the health and medicine fields. Flaxseed is emerging as a vital functional food element because of its rich contents of alpha- linolenic acid (ALA, omega-3 fatty acid), lignans, and fiber. Flax lignans have potential health benefits such as in reduction of cardiovascular disease, cancer, atherosclerosis, diabetes, arthritis, osteoporosis, autoimmune and neurological disorders. The role of the Flax protein in the prevention and treatment of heart disease and in supporting the immune system has been proven. The present review focuses on the evidences of the potential health benefits of flaxseed through human and animals. Its role in enhancing the longevity by alleviating the common health challenges like hypertension, cancer and diabetes.
Long-term omega-3 supplementation modulates behavior, hippocampal fatty acid concentration, neuronal progenitor proliferation and central TNF-α expression in 7 month old unchallenged mice; Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) manipulation is being investigated as a potential therapeutic supplement to reduce the risk of developing age-related cognitive decline (ARCD). Animal studies suggest that high omega (Omega)-3 and low Omega-6 dietary content reduces cognitive decline by decreasing central nervous system (CNS) inflammation and modifying neuroimmune activity. However, no previous studies have investigated the long term effects of Omega-3 and Omega-6 dietary levels in healthy aging mice leaving the important question about the preventive effects of Omega-3 and Omega-6 on behavior and underlying molecular pathways unaddressed. We aimed to investigate the efficacy of long-term Omega-3 and Omega-6 PUFA dietary supplementation in mature adult C57BL/6 mice. We measured the effect of low, medium, and high Omega-3:Omega-6 dietary ratio,given from the age of 3-7 months, on anxiety and cognition-like behavior, hippocampal tissue expression of TNF-alpha, markers of neuronal progenitor proliferation and gliogenesis and serum cytokine concentration. Our results show that a higher Omega-3:Omega-6 PUFA diet ratio increased hippocampal PUFA, increased anxiety, improved hippocampal dependent spatial memory and reduced hippocampal TNF-alpha levels compared to a low Omega-3:Omega-6 diet. Furthermore, serum TNF-alpha concentration was reduced in the higher Omega-3:Omega-6 PUFA ratio supplementation group while expression of the neuronal progenitor proliferation markers KI67 and doublecortin (DCX) was increased in the dentate gyrus as opposed to the low Omega-3:Omega-6 group. Conversely, Omega-3:Omega-6 dietary PUFA ratio had no significant effect on astrocyte or microglia number or cell death in the dentate gyrus. These results suggest that supplementation of PUFAs may delay aging effects on cognitive function in unchallenged mature adult C57BL/6 mice. This effect is possibly induced by increasing neuronal progenitor proliferation and reducing TNF-alpha.
Vitamin D Uptake in Patients Treated with a High-Dosed Purified Omega-3 Compound in a Randomized Clinical Trial Following an Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background: Fish is the natural dietary source of vitamin D. Reports on the influence of purified omega-3 fatty acids on its uptake are scarce.
Associations of Plasma Phospholipid and Dietary Alpha Linolenic Acid With Incident Atrial Fibrillation in Older Adults: The Cardiovascular Health Study; Background-Few studies have examined the relationship of a-linolenic acid (ALA 18:3n-3), an intermediate-chain essential n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid derived from plants and vegetable oils, with incident atrial fibrillation (AF).
Dose-related meta-analysis for Omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on major adverse cardiovascular events; Background & aims: Omega-3 supplements are widely used for cardiovascular (CV) protection. We performed an updated meta-analysis for omega-3 and CV outcomes.
ω-3 Ethyl ester results in better cognitive function at 12 and 30 months than control in cognitively healthy subjects with coronary artery disease: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial; Background: Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have shown benefit in cognitively impaired subjects, but the effect on cognitively healthy older subjects is unclear.
Omega-3 fatty acids and risk of cardiovascular disease in Inuit: First prospective cohort study; Background and aims: No prospective study have ever assessed if marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids protect Inuit against cardiovascular disease as claimed. It is highly relevant as cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence rates are rising concurrent with a westernization of diet. We aimed to assess the association between blood cell membrane phospholipid content of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA + DHA) on CVD risk in Inuit.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for cardiovascular diseases: present, past and future; Introduction: Large-scale epidemiological studies on Greenlandic, Canadian and Alaskan Eskimos have examined the health benefits of omega-3 fatty acids consumed as part of the diet, and found statistically significant relative reduction in cardiovascular risk in people consuming omega-3 fatty acids.
The role of essential fatty acids in the control of coronary heart disease; Purpose of review
Effects of lipid-lowering therapy with strong statin on serum polyunsaturated fatty acid levels in patients with coronary artery disease; Residual risk of cardiovascular events after treatment with stain might be explained in part because patients have low levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). We examined how lipid-lowering therapy with strong statin affected serum PUFA levels in patients with coronary artery disease. The study population consisted of 46 patients with coronary artery disease whose low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was more than 100 mg/dl. Lipid-lowering therapy was performed with a strong statin including atorvastatin (n = 22), rosuvastatin (n = 9) or pitavastatin (n = 15). Serum PUFA levels were determined by gas chromatography. The treatment with strong statin decreased the sum of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and arachidonic acid (AA) levels (195 +/- 41 to 184 +/- 44 mu g/ml, P < 0.05) as well as the sum of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels (233 +/- 71 to 200 +/- 72 mu g/ml, P < 0.001). These effects of strong statin resulted in a significant decrease in ratio of the sum of EPA and DHA levels to the sum of DGLA and AA levels (1.20 +/- 0.27 to 1.10 +/- 0.35, P < 0.05). The percent decrease in the LDL cholesterol level correlated significantly with that in the sum of EPA and DHA levels (r = 0.38, P < 0.01). In conclusion, our results showed that lipid-lowering therapy with strong statin mainly reduced n-3 PUFAs in proportion to the decrease in the LDL cholesterol level in patients with coronary artery disease.
High habitual dietary α-linolenic acid intake is associated with decreased plasma soluble interleukin-6 receptor concentrations in male twins; Background: alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is associated with a low risk of cardiovascular disease; however, the underlying mechanism is not completely known.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Prevent <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i> Infection by Inducing Autophagy via AMPK Activation; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) have potential protective activity in a variety of infectious diseases, but their actions and underlying mechanisms in Toxoplasma gondii infection remain poorly understood. Here, we report that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) robustly induced autophagy in murine bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMDMs). Treatment of T. gondii-infected macrophages with DHA resulted in colocalization of Toxoplasma parasitophorous vacuoles with autophagosomes and reduced intracellular survival of T. gondii. The autophagic and anti-Toxoplasma effects induced by DHA were mediated by AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) signaling. Importantly, BMDMs isolated from Fat-1 transgenic mice, a well-known animal model capable of synthesizing omega 3-PUFAs from omega 6-PUFAs, showed increased activation of autophagy and AMPK, leading to reduced intracellular survival of T. gondii when compared with wild-type BMDMs. Moreover, Fat-1 transgenic mice exhibited lower cyst burden in the brain following infection with the avirulent strain ME49 than wild-type mice. Collectively, our results revealed mechanisms by which endogenous omega 3-PUFAs and DHA control T. gondii infection and suggest that omega 3-PUFAs might serve as therapeutic candidate to prevent toxoplasmosis and infection with other intracellular protozoan parasites.
Omega-3 supplementation for enhancement of egg functional properties; Functionality of whole egg was evaluated after several treatments and storage conditions. Treatment 1 (Trt 1) contained untreated eggs. Alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were added to whole egg (Trt 2). A control layer ration (Trt 3) and Trt 4 (control + chia seed, flaxseed, and fish oil) was provided to laying hens. Trt 5 and Trt 6 were spray-dried egg from hens fed Trt 3 and Trt 4, respectively. Production and egg quality measurements were not different for Trt 3 and Trt 4. Statistical rankings (p <= 0.05) for foaming index was Trt 4 (144.10) > Trt 2 (142.44) > Trt 1 (140.29) = Trt 3 (140.34) > Trt 5 (138.94) > Trt 6 (138.45); that for foam stability was Trt 2 (39.09) = Trt 4 (39.72) > Trt 1 (38.23) = Trt 3 (38.41) > Trt 5 (37.05) > Trt 6 (36.38). Emulsification capacity was ranked as Trt 6 (46.21) > Trt 4 (45.92) = Trt 2 (45.85) > Trt 5 (41.68) > Trt 3 (38.04) > Trt 1 (37.15); that for cake volume was Trt 4 (290.52) > Trt 2 (289.40) > Trt 1 (275.31) = Trt 3 (275.91) > Trt 6 (274.22) > Trt 5 (273.28). Foaming index was correlated with cake volume. Lipid oxidation was significantly different among treatments. Practical applications Eggs, the most economical source of top-quality protein and minerals, are digested by most people and have no known religious limitation for use. The daily intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) in diets provided via fortified eggs might decrease the risks associated with cardiovascular disease by improving the blood lipid profile and decreasing platelet agglutination. The fatty acid profile of eggs can be improved by the inclusion of omega-3 PUFA enriched sources in hen's feed or during processing. When enriched and dehydrated, eggs are valuable to the food industry due to ease of transport, handling, and economical storage. As well, whole egg, yolk, and albumen are used as ingredients in many food products due to their widely applicable functionalities of foaming, binding, emulsification, and gel stabilizations for food formulators. In the present study, omega-3 PUFA (alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid) were (a) added to whole egg in the laboratory and (b) incorporated into yolk through dietary manipulations by feeding a combination of chia seed, flaxseed, and fish oil to laying hens. Production measurements and functional properties before and after spray drying were investigated. Lipid oxidation was also assessed. Dehydrated fortified whole egg with excellent functional properties will be valuable to the industry and possibly improved human health.
Dietary and Serum Omega-6/Omega-3 Fatty Acids Are Associated with Physical and Metabolic Function in Stroke Survivors; The purpose of this study was to quantify habitual dietary and systemic omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids and their ratios and to determine their relationship with physical and metabolic function in a cohort of chronic adult stroke survivors. Twenty-five older chronic stroke survivors (age: 63 +/- 8 years; BMI: 31 +/- 7 kg/m(2); mean +/- SD) were assessed for fitness (VO(2)peak), gait speed (GS), 3 m timed up and go (TUG), and six-minute walk distance (6MWD). Plasma lipid and glucose profiles were measured, and HOMA-IR calculated. Dietary (5-day food records) and serum (mass spectrometry) omega-6/omega-3 profiles were assessed. Participants were severely deconditioned (VO(2)peak: 19 +/- 4 mL/kg/min; GS: 0.88 +/- 0.28 m/s; TUG: 12.6 +/- 5.9 s; 6MWD: 295 +/- 121 m) and at elevated metabolic risk (HOMA-IR: 6.3 +/- 4.5). The dietary intake ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids averaged 12.6 +/- 7.1 and the serum concentration ratio was 1.21 +/- 0.37, which were correlated (r = 0.88, p < 0.01). Higher dietary intake and serum concentrations of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids were associated with lower 6MWD and higher HOMA-IR, while a higher serum omega-6/omega-3 concentration index was associated with lower VO(2)peak (p's < 0.05). These preliminary data suggest that both dietary omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids (quantitated as their intake ratio) and the serum concentration ratio of omega-6/omega-3 may be important indices of physical dysfunction and insulin resistance in chronic stroke survivors.
Mitigation of Particulate Matter-Induced Inflammation and Vasoactivity in Human Vascular Endothelial Cells by Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Airborne particulate matter (PM) exposure remains the leading environmental risk factor for disease globally. Interventions to mitigate the adverse effects of PM are required, since there is no discernible threshold for its effects, and exposure reduction approaches are limited. The mitigation of PM (specifically diesel exhaust particles (DEP))-induced release of pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-8 (IL-8) and vasoconstrictor endothelin-1 (ET-1) after 24 and 48 h of exposure by pre-treatment with individual pure, combined pure, and an oil formulation of two fish oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were all tested at an equivalent concentration of 100 mu M in vitro in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. The PUFAs and fish oil formulation completely mitigated or diminished the DEP-induced release of IL-6, IL-8, and ET-1 by 14-78%. DHA was more effective in reducing the levels of the DEP-induced release of the cytokines, especially IL-6 after 48 h of DEP exposure in comparison to EPA (p < 0.05), whereas EPA seemed to be more potent in reducing ET-1 levels. The potential of fish omega-3 PUFAs to mitigate PM-induced inflammation and vasoactivity was demonstrated by this study.
Omega-3 fatty acids for cardiovascular event lowering; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is the main target for therapeutics aimed at reducing the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and downstream cardiovascular (CV) events. However, multiple studies have demonstrated that high-risk patient populations harbour residual risk despite effective LDL-C lowering. While data support the causal relationship between triglycerides and ASCVD risk, triglyceride-lowering therapies such as omega-3 fatty acids have shown mixed results in CV outcomes trials. Notably, icosapent ethyl, a purified formulation of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), has garnered compelling evidence in lowering residual CV risk in patients with hypertriglyceridaemia and treated with statins. In this review, we summarize studies that have investigated omega-3-fatty acids for CV event lowering and discuss the clinical implementation of these agents based on trial data and guidelines.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on serum markers of cardiovascular disease risk: A systematic review; Greater fish oil consumption has been associated with reduced CVD risk, although the mechanisms are unclear. Plant-source oil omega-3 fatty acids (ALA) have also been studied regarding their cardiovascular effect. We conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of consumption of fish oil and ALA on commonly measured serum CVD risk factors, performing meta-analyses when appropriate. Combining 21 trials evaluating lipid outcomes, fish oil consumption resulted in a summary net change in triglycerides of -27 (95% CI -33, -20) mg/dL, in HDL cholesterol of +1.6 (95% CI +0.8,+2.3) mg/dL, and in LDL cholesterol of +6 (95% CI +3,+8) mg/dL. There was no effect of fish oil on total cholesterol. Across studies, higher fish oil dose and higher baseline levels were associated with greater reductions in serum triglycerides. Overall, the 27 fish oil trials evaluating Hgb A(1c) or FBS found small non-significant net increases compared to control oils. Five studies of ALA were inconsistent in their effects on lipids, Hgb A(1c) or FBS. Four studies investigating the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on hs-CRP were also inconsistent and non-significant. The evidence supports a dose-dependent beneficial effect of fish oil on serum triglycerides, particularly among people with more elevated levels. Fish oil consumption also modestly improves HDL cholesterol, increases LDL cholesterol levels, but does not appear to adversely affect glucose homeostasis. The evidence regarding the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on hs-CRP is inconclusive, as are data on ALA. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
ω-6 (18:2) and ω-3 (18:3) fatty acids in reconstituted high-density lipoproteins show different functionality of anti-atherosclerotic properties and embryo toxicity; Among unsaturated fatty acids, epidemiologic studies have demonstrated that omega-6 (linoleic acid) and omega-3 (linolenic acid) fatty acids show different associations with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), although its molecular mechanisms remain unclear. To determine why consumption of omega-3 fatty acid is associated with lower risk of CVD, we investigated the biological functions of omega-6 (linoleic acid) and omega-3 (linolenic acid) in reconstituted HDL (rHDL) after encapsulation using human cells and zebrafish embryo. Apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) is the principal protein behind the beneficial functions of HDL, which include potent anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-atherosclerotic activities in blood. Several rHDLs were synthesized with apoA-I and different molar ratio of omega-6 or omega-3 fatty acid. Both fatty acids showed similar solubility in rHDL up to a molar ratio of 95:5:1:10 (palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylcholine:cholesterol:apoA-I:fatty acid). Although both rHDL showed similar structural properties and alpha-helical contents, omega-6-rHDL showed loss of anti-oxidant ability against LDL oxidation. Uptake of acetylated LDL into macrophages was inhibited by omega-3-rHDL but not omega-6-rHDL, suggesting that omega-6-rHDL has higher pro-atherosclerotic activity. omega-3-rHDL showed more enhanced cholesterol efflux activity with less accumulation of triglyceride in the macrophage. omega-6-rHDL caused more senescence in human dermal fibroblast cells with cytotoxicity, while omega-3-rHDL treatment inhibited the senescence. In zebrafish embryo survivability, omega-3-rHDL-injected embryos showed 86 +/- 3% survival, whereas omega-6-rHDL-injected ones showed 72 +/- 2% survival as well as an elevated inflammatory response in zebrafish embryos. In conclusion, omega-6-rHDL and omega-3-rHDL show different physiological activities in atherosclerosis, inflammation, and cellular senescence. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Risk of Ischemic Stroke in REGARDS; We examined associations between lipidomic profiles and incident ischemic stroke in the REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) cohort. Plasma lipids (n = 195) were measured from baseline blood samples, and lipids were consolidated into underlying factors using exploratory factor analysis. Cox proportional hazards models were used to test associations between lipid factors and incident stroke, linear regressions to determine associations between dietary intake and lipid factors, and the inverse odds ratio weighting (IORW) approach to test mediation. The study followed participants over a median (IQR) of 7 (3.4-11) years, and the case-cohort substudy included 1075 incident ischemic stroke and 968 non-stroke participants. One lipid factor, enriched for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, an omega-3 fatty acid), was inversely associated with stroke risk in a base model (HR = 0.84; 95%CI 0.79-0.90; P = 8.33 x 10-8) and fully adjusted model (HR = 0.88; 95%CI 0.83-0.94; P = 2.79 x 10-4). This factor was associated with a healthy diet pattern (beta = 0.21; 95%CI 0.12-0.30; P = 2.06 x 10-6), specifically with fish intake (beta = 1.96; 95%CI 0.95-2.96; P = 1.36 x 10-4). DHA was a mediator between fish intake and incident ischemic stroke (30% P = 5.78 x 10-3). Taken together, DHA-containing plasma lipids were inversely associated with incident ischemic stroke and mediated the relationship between fish intake and stroke risk.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the consequences of a fructose diet are not mediated by PPAR delta or PGC1 alpha; To study, in high-fructose-fed rats, the effect of a dietary enrichment in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism and cardiovascular function.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Human Health; Omega-3 fatty acids in order to investigate effects on human health, review of previous studies and outlined in this study, the results of previously conducted research on omega-3 fatty acids and mainly cardiovascular disease and hypertension, including Alzheimer, depression, schizophrenia, astima, stroke, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoporosis and prostate, breast, bowel and lung cancer is of vitual importance in the preventation and treatment of of many diseases and showed that no occurance of significant side effects also concluded that this natural functional compounts of the name of results can be used safely in the preventioan and treatment of the aforemetion ed diseases.
From the α to the ω-3: Breaking the link between impaired fetal growth and adult cardiovascular disease; Atherosclerotic vascular disease is an important cause of premature morbidity and mortality. An extensive body of epidemiologic data links impaired fetal growth, evidenced by reductions in birth weight, with a higher risk for cardiovascular disease in adulthood. This association appears to be at least partially independent of established cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension and type 2 diabetes. There is currently no clinically established strategy to prevent cardiovascular events secondary to being born with poor fetal growth. This review summarizes recent evidence that suggests that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may be beneficial for this indication; in particular being associated with more marked reductions in blood pressure and subclinical atherosclerosis in people who were born with poor fetal growth, than in those with healthy birth weight. Possible mechanisms, and the evidence base required to support the implementation of dietary guidelines specific to people born with impaired fetal growth are also described. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Identification of a Potential Gene for Elevating ω-3 Concentration and Its Efficiency for Improving the ω-6/ω-3 Ratio in Soybean; This present study was to identify a novel candidate gene that contributes to the elevated a-linolenic acid (ALA, omega-3) concentration in PE2166 from mutagenesis of Pungsannamul. Major loci qALA5_1 and qALA5_2 were detected on chromosome 5 of soybean through quantitative trait loci mapping analyses of recombinant inbred lines. With next-generation sequencing of parental lines and Pungsannamul and recombinant analyses, a potential gene, Glyma.05g221500 (HD), controlling elevated ALA concentration was identified. HD is a homeodomain-like transcriptional regulator that may regulate the expression level of microsomal omega-3 fatty acid desaturase (FAD3) genes responsible for the conversion of linoleic acid into ALA in the fatty acid biosynthetic pathway. In addition, we hypothesized that a combination of mutant alleles, HD, and either of microsomal delta-12 fatty acid desaturase 2-1 (FAD2-1) could reduce the omega-6/omega-3 ratio. In populations where HD, FAD2-1A, and FAD2-1B genes were segregated, a combination of a hd allele from PE2166 and either of the variant FAD2-1 alleles was sufficient to reduce the omega-6/omega-3 ratio in seeds.
Rationale and design of a randomized controlled trial examining the effects of marine- and plant-sourced omega-3 fatty acid supplements on octadecanoid profiles and inflammation in females with obesity (OXBIO trial); Introduction: Consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) has been reported to provide health benefits, but it remains unknown whether the fatty acids themselves or their oxygenated metabolites, oxylipins, are responsible for the beneficial effects. Purpose: This paper describes the design and rationale of a randomized, double-blinded, cross-over study comparing the effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-rich flax oil and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-rich fish oil supplementation on circulating oxylipin profiles in females with obesity, in relation to obesity-induced inflammation.
Potential roles of polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched diets in modulating social stress-like features; Fish oil or its major constituents, namely omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acid (n3-PUFA), are popular supplements to improve neurogenesis, neuropro-tection, and overall brain functions. Our objective was to probe the implications of fat enriched diet with variable PUFAs supplements in ameliorating social stress (SS). We fed mice on either of the three diet types, namely the n-3 PUFA-enriched diet (ERD, n3:n6= 7:1), a balanced diet (BLD, n3:n6= 1:1) or a standard lab diet (STD, n3:n6= 1:6). With respect to the gross fat contents, the customized special diets, namely ERD and BLD were extreme diet , not reflecting the typical human dietary composition. Aggressor-exposed SS (Agg-E SS) model triggered behavioral deficiencies that lingered for 6 weeks (6w) post-stress in mice on STD. ERD and BLD elevated bodyweights but potentially helped in building the behavioral resilience to SS. STD adversely affected the gene networks of brain transcriptomics associated with the cell mortality, energy homeostasis and neurodevelopment disorder. Diverging from the ERD's influences on these networks, BLD showed potential long-term benefits in combatting Agg-E SS. The gene networks linked to cell mortality and energy homeostasis, and their subfamilies, such as cerebral disorder and obesity remained at the baseline level of Agg-E SS mice on BLD 6w post-stress. Moreover, neurodevelopment disorder network and its subfamilies like behavioral deficits remained inhibited in the cohort fed on BLD 6w post Agg-E SS. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ )
Dietary ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake and Risk for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis; IMPORTANCE Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a severe progressive disease that cannot be prevented or cured. Diet-derived long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are incorporated in brain lipids and modulate oxidative and inflammatory processes and could thus affect ALS risk and progression.
Docosahexaenoic acid: brain accretion and roles in neuroprotection after brain hypoxia and ischemia; Purpose of review
Statin alternatives or just placebo: an objective review of omega-3, red yeast rice and garlic in cardiovascular therapeutics; Objective The aim of this review is to objectively access the trial evidence on the role of omega-3, red yeast rice and garlic in preventing clinical cardiovascular events. Given the large number of clinical trials favoring statin use in cardiovascular disease, it is important to see if evidence is available for these supplements and whether they could replace statin therapy.
Exploring newer cardioprotective strategies: ω-3 fatty acids in perspective; In the 1980s, observational retrospective studies showed an inverse relation between coronary heart disease (CHD) and consumption of fish containing fatty acids that belong to the omega (omega)-3 family. Large case-control studies and prospective intervention trials consistently showed that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation lowers fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and sudden cardiac death. By analysing the strengths of the results of individual studies and how the meta-analyses agree with them, putting together relevant backgrounds, and identifying open questions, the following findings/directions emerge. (i) Dietary and non-dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids reduces overall mortality, mortality due to MI, and sudden death in patients with CHD; (ii) Fish oil consumption directly or indirectly affects cardiac electrophysiology. Fish oil reduces heart rate, a major risk factor for sudden death; (iii) Among patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators, omega-3 fatty acids do not reduce the risk of ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation and may actually be pro-arrhythmic; (iv) The consumption of omega-3 fatty acids leads to a 10-33% net decrease of triglyceride levels. The effect is dose-dependent, larger in studies with higher mean baseline triglyceride levels, and consistent in different populations (healthy people, people with dyslipidaemia, diabetes, or known cardiovascular risk factors); (v) Outcomes for which a small beneficial effect omega-3 fatty acids is found include blood pressure (about 2 mmHg reduction), re-stenosis rates after coronary angioplasty (14% reduction), and exercise tolerance testing. Major experimental data provide strength (biological plausibility) for these findings, and define directions for newer clinical trials with omega-3 fatty acids.
OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS - NUTRITIONAL ASPECTS; Omega-3 fatty acids contain a double bond in the third position from the methyl group. The very long-chain (20 or 22 carbon atoms) omega-3 fatty acids are mostly found in fatty fish and fish oils. The omega-3 fatty acids are essential and may act as precursors for eicosanoids, altering membrane fluidity or binding to transcription factors. Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids reduces plasma concentration of triglycerides, probably by decreasing hepatic secretion of very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and by increasing catabolism of chylomicrons. In addition, lipid peroxidation of omega-3 fatty acids may take place, with good and bad consequences. As the number of double bonds is high, the omega-3 fatty acids may easily react with oxygen radicals. We performed studies where 5 g/day of very long-chain omega-3 fatty acids was given as a supplement for four months along with vitamin E, whereas control groups received similar amounts of other oils. The unsaturation index was higher in fatty acids of LDL from individuals exposed to omega-3 fatty acids, and the amounts of cholesteryl esters and total lipids were lower compared with control LDL, whereas similar electrophoretic mobility and apolipoprotein B structure were observed. There was a decrease in the melting temperature of cholesteryl esters in omega-3 fatty acid-enriched LDL, but no change in the susceptibility of LDL to Cu2+ catalyzed lipid peroxidation, as measured by changes in amounts of lipid peroxides or in the uptake of LDL im macrophages. These data have been verified by others, whereas three publications reported that fish oil supplementation was associated with increased sings of lipid peroxidation. Recently it has been shown that peroxidation of LDL by white blood cells might be reduced by increased cellular content of omega-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, the susceptibility of LDL to in vitro peroxidation may be increased with dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids, unless adequate amounts of antioxidants are provided. Reduced intake of foods with high content of saturated fatty acids (fatty milk products, meat, hard margarines) and increased intake of foods providing high amounts of omega-3 fatty acids (fatty fish) and antioxidants (fruits, vegetables) are recommended. These precautions will most likely promote reduced incidence of coronary artery disease, inflammatory diseases and certain forms of cancer.
Effect of prenatal omega 3 supplementation on pregnancy outcomes; During pregnancy, omega 3 supplementation has raised its popularity due to evidence that it would show not only benefits in the neural and visual development of the unborn child, but also in the prevention of obstetrical pathologies associated with of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), specifically, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA), possess anti-inflammatory, vasodilatory and antiaggregating properties, which have led to the use of PUFAs in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we detail the effects of omega 3 supplementation on different aspects of pregnancy such as prevention of preterm birth, pre-eclampsia, postpartum depression, and improved metabolism during gestational diabetes. Although there are several randomized clinical trials using omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy, the evidence remains inconclusive, due to variability in dosage and administration time. Certainly, a greater number of high-quality studies including randomized clinical trials are necessary to determine the impact of omega 3 supplementation during pregnancy in the prevention of obstetric pathologies.
Case-control and prospective studies of dietary α-linolenic acid intake and prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis; Objective: alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is considered to be a cardioprotective nutrient; however, some epidemiological studies have suggested that dietary ALA intake increases the risk of prostate cancer. The main objective was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control and prospective studies investigating the association between dietary ALA intake and prostate cancer risk.
Omega-3 and Omega-6 Fatty Acids and Type 2 Diabetes; Polyunsaturated fatty acids are of particular interest in the nutritional therapy for diabetes, given their potential role in several pathophysiological processes related to cardiovascular disease. Both omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are beneficial for improving lipid profiles in healthy individuals and among type 2 diabetic patients: Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids lowers triglycerides and VLDL-cholesterol. However, they might also increase LDL-cholesterol. Omega-3 fatty acids are, from the latest evidence, not related to mortality and cardiovascular disease. Similarly, glucose control and hypertension, as well as risk of microvascular complications, seem unaffected by omega-3 supplementation. Most studies involved mainly patients with type 2 diabetes, and future research needs to focus on the type 1 diabetic patient. Also, the role of omega-6 fatty acids remains largely unknown.
The efficacy and acceptability of anti-inflammatory omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements in sepsis management: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Sepsis is a critical medical condition associated with high mortality for patients. Current pharmacological strategies for sepsis management or prevention had not achieved satisfactory results. The omega-3 fatty acids, with anti-inflammatory benefits, are considered to be promising agents for sepsis management/prevention. The aim of this network meta-analysis (NMA) is to compare the efficacy of various dosages and formulations of fish oil supplements for sepsis management and sepsis prevention. The current NMA consisted of two parts: (1) sepsis management and (2) sepsis prevention. The PubMed, ClinicalKey, Embase, ProQuest, Cochrane CENTRAL, ScienceDirect, Web of Science, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases were systematically searched to date of February 22nd, 2024 for relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs). RCTs were eligible for inclusion if they enrolled participants with a diagnosis of sepsis or who with high risk for sepsis. All NMA procedures were conducted under the frequentist model. The primary outcomes assessed are (1) mortality rate in sepsis treatment or (2) incidence of sepsis in sepsis prevention. Our NMA, based on 28 RCTs and 1718 participants (mean age=51.6 years, mean female proportion=35.6 %), showed that (1) high dose parenteral fish oil supplement yield the lowest mortality rate in sepsis management in adult patients, and (2) high dose enteral fish oil supplement yield the lowest incidence of sepsis in pediatric patients. This study provides compelling evidence that high-dose fish oil supplements provide beneficial effects for both sepsis management and sepsis prevention. Our findings provide a preliminary rationale for future large-scale RCTs to investigate the role of fish oil supplementation in sepsis management or prevention.
The Dose-Response Effect of Docosahexaenoic Acid on the Omega-3 Index in American Football Athletes; PurposeAmerican-style football (ASF) players are at increased risk for head injuries and cardiovascular disease. n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are cardioprotective, and emerging evidence suggests benefits for protection against head injuries. However, fundamental knowledge of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid dosing in athletes such as ASF players remains poorly understood. Therefore, this study investigated the dose-response effect of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation in red blood cells (RBC) and as the Omega-3 Index (O3I), in collegiate ASF players throughout a competitive season.MethodsSixty-nine ASF players were randomly assigned placebo (corn oil), or 2, 4, or 6 g & BULL;d(-1) of DHA supplement. Blood samples were collected at eight time points (T1-T8) over 27 wk. RBC were extracted and analyzed by gas-liquid chromatography. Compliant players who had samples collected at all time points were analyzed. A repeated-measures ANOVA was conducted to assess the dose-response effect of DHA over time, and between-group differences at individual time points were assessed by one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey post hoc test.ResultsA significant dose and time interaction was found, and all supplement groups had significantly greater DHA in RBC compared with placebo from T2-T8 (P < 0.05). Athletes receiving 6 g & BULL;d(-1) of DHA had the greatest O3I, relative to other groups, and the O3I reached steady state by 15 wk. The 6 g & BULL;d(-1) group surpassed >8% on the O3I at approximately twice the rate of the 4 g & BULL;d(-1) group (8 vs 15 wk).ConclusionsOur findings provide important fundamental knowledge demonstrating a dose-response incorporation of DHA into RBC membranes up to 6 g & BULL;d(-1). Furthermore, 6 g & BULL;d(-1) of DHA can be used to rapidly achieve a desired O3I (>8%) in athletes in only 8 wk.
Omega-3 fatty acids. What consumers need to know; The general public is increasingly aware of the health benefits associated with consumption of omega-3 fatty acids. While evidence of health benefits continues to mount, the underlying science is complex. Omega-3 fatty acids vary in their physiological efficacy. Consumers are typically unaware of differences in the efficacy of different omega-3 fatty acids and this lack of knowledge can result in consumers being misled within the marketplace. There is a need for consumers to be educated about the distinctions between omega-3 fatty acids. In the interim consumers remain at risk of purchasing premium fortified products and supplements that will not correspond to their desired health outcomes. This paper summarises the current understanding of fatty acid physiological metabolism and interaction for the purpose of highlighting this complex and multifaceted concern. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Aspirin and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid use and their interaction in cardiovascular diseases and colorectal adenomas; Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid, ASA) is inexpensive and is established in preventing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and colorectal adenomas. Omega-3 (n3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have also shown benefit in preventing CVD. The combination could be an effective preventative measure in patients with such diseases. ASA and n3 PUFA reduced the risk of CVD in ASA-resistant or diabetic patients. EPA- and DHA-deficient patients also benefited the most from n3 PUFA supplementation. Synergistic effects between ASA and EPA and DHA are 'V-shaped' such that optimal ASA efficacy is dependent on EPA and DHA concentrations in blood. In colorectal adenomas, ASA (300 mg/d) and EPA reduced adenoma burden in a location- and subtype-specific manner. Low doses of ASA (75-100 mg/d) were used in CVD prevention; however, ultra-low doses (30 mg/d) can also reduce thrombosis. EPA-to-DHA ratio is also important with regard to efficacy. DHA is more effective in reducing blood pressure and modulating systemic inflammation; however, high-dose EPA can lower CVD events in high-risk individuals. Although current literature has yet to examine ASA and DHA in preventing CVD, such combination warrants further investigation. To increase adherence to ASA and n3 PUFA supplementation, combination dosage form may be required to improve outcomes.
Omega-3 fatty acids in coronary heart disease: Recent updates and future perspectives; Incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) increases worldwide with varying etiological factors. In addition to the control of risk factors, dietary modification has been recommended to reduce the prevalence. Omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids (FAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), of fish oil are beneficial for the prevention of CHD. The effect can be ascribed to anti-inflammatory, vasodilating, antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive activities and lowering of triacyl glycerol level. The American Heart Association advises two fish meals per week in subjects without CHD or supplementation of 1 g of EPA plus DHA per day in subjects with CHD. Despite the beneficial effects of EPA/DHA reported in some of the clinical trials, results of many others were inconsistent that can be ascribed to short duration of studies, low doses of omega-3 FAs, variations in the EPA:DHA ratio, selection of patients with different risk factors or interaction of omega-3 FAs with drugs used in the therapy. Therefore, well designed clinical trials in various populations are warranted. This article discusses the current situation and future prospective of omega-3 FAs in CHD.
Erythrocyte membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid profiles are associated with systemic inflammation and fish consumption in systemic lupus erythematosus: a cross-sectional study; Objective
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in critically ill patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is characterized by an acute inflammatory response in the lung parenchyma leading to severe hypoxemia. Because of its anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) have been administered to ARDS patients, mostly by the enteral route, as immune-enhancing diets with eicosapentaenoic acid, y-linolenic acid, and antioxidants. However, clinical benefits of omega-3 PUFAs in ARDS patients remain unclear because clinical trials have found conflicting results. Considering the most recent randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and recent change in administration strategies, the aim of this updated systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate clinical benefits of omega-3 PUFA administration on gas exchange and clinical outcomes in ARDS patients.
Plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and recurrence of endometrial cancer; Background Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were proposed to have potential effects against inflammation and cancer. However, results from epidemiology studies remain inconsistent. We aimed to explore the associations of plasma PUFAs with EC recurrence and all-cause mortality. Method Women diagnosed with endometrial cancer (EC) between 2008 and 2013 and underwent surgery at Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center of China were recruited. Survival status was followed up through September 2017. EC recurrence and total cause deaths were identified through medical record and telephone interview. In total, 202 patients with enough plasma samples at time of surgery were included. There were 195 patients who provided baseline plasma and survival information included in the current study. Plasma omega-3 PUFAs were measured by GC-FID. Cox Proportional Hazard model adjusted for potential cofounders was used to estimate HRs and 95% CIs. Results Median follow-up time for patients was 58 months after surgery. A total of 13 recurrences and 11 all-cause deaths, of which, 2 deaths from EC, were identified. Level of plasma EPA was higher in recurrent patients than total patients (0.78% vs 0.51%,P = 0.015). Higher plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) level trended to have positive association with EC recurrence (P-trend = 0.04), although comparing to the lowest tertile, the highest tertile of EPA level was not significantly associated with increased risk of EC recurrence (HRT3vsT1 = 6.02; 95%CI = 0.7-52.06). The association between total omega-3 PUFA and EC recurrence tended to be stronger among patients with deeper myometrial invasion (OR = 3.41; 95%CI = 1.06-10.95;P-interaction = 0.04). Conclusions Higher plasma EPA level was significantly associated with EC recurrence. Further studies are warranted to confirm these findings.
Flaxseed oil intake reduces serum small dense low-density lipoprotein concentrations in Japanese men: a randomized, double blind, crossover study; Background: The effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on cardiovascular risk factors considerably vary between published reports. Therefore, we investigated the effects of 12-week supplementation with flaxseed oil (FO), which is a rich source of ALA, on cardiovascular risk factors such as serum small dense low-density lipoprotein (sd-LDL) concentrations. Methods: In a randomized, double blind, crossover study, 15 subjects ingested 10 g of FO or corn oil (CO), containing 5.49 g and 0.09 g of ALA, respectively, once daily with dinner. Blood samples were collected at 0, 4 and 12 weeks, and were used for analysis of serum lipid, lipid-related proteins, serum fatty acids and serum sd-LDL cholesterol. Differences during the test period were identified using a repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) for within-group effects. Group differences were identified using paired t-test at each blood sampling time point. Results: ALA and eicosapentaenoic acid concentrations were significantly higher in the FO period at 4 and 12 weeks than in the CO period. No significant differences in docosahexaenoic acid concentrations were observed between two periods, and cholesteryl ester transfer protein and apolipoprotein B concentrations were significantly lower in the FO period than in the CO period at 12 weeks. FO supplementation was associated with a significant decrease in sd-LDL concentrations at 4 and 12 weeks, and CO supplementation had no effect. Moreover, sd-LDL concentrations were significantly lower in the FO period than in the CO period at 4 weeks. Among subjects with triglyceride (TG) concentrations of > 100 mg/dl, FO supplementation markedly reduced sd-LDL concentrations at 4 and 12 weeks compared with baseline. Sd-LDL concentrations significantly differed between the periods at both 4 and 12 weeks. Conclusion: This study indicates that the FO, which is a rich source of ALA, leads to lower sd-LDL cholesterol concentrations.
Associations of ω-3, ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake and ω-6: ω-3 ratio with systemic immune and inflammatory biomarkers: NHANES 1999-2020; Background: In recent years, diseases caused by abnormal immune-inflammatory responses have become increasingly severe. Dietary intervention involving omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) has emerged as a potential treatment. However, research investigating the relationship between omega-3, omega-6 PUFAs, and omega-6 to omega-3 ratio with inflammatory biomarkers remains controversial. Methods: To investigate the correlation between the intake of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs and the ratio of omega-6: omega-3 with biomarkers of inflammation, the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data (1999 to 2020) was utilized. The systemic immune-inflammation index (SII), platelet-lymphocyte ratio (PLR), neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), and white blood cell (WBC) were selected as study subjects. Dietary data for omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs were collected via two 24-h dietary recall interviews. SII index and other indicators were obtained from the blood routine data. The multiple linear regression and restricted cubic spline models were utilized to evaluate the association of omega-3, omega-6 PUFAs intake, and omega-6: omega-3 ratio to SII and secondary measures. Results: This study involved a total of 43,155 American adults. omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs exhibited negative correlations with SII, PLR, NLR, and WBC. The correlation between omega-6: omega-3 ratio and SII, PLR, NLR, and WBC was not significant. Furthermore, the dose-response relationship showed that the relationship between the intake of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs and SII was an "L" pattern. Conclusion: Intake of dietary omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs reduces the levels of several inflammatory biomarkers in the body and exerts immunomodulatory effects.
New Insights into Mechanisms of Action for Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Atherothrombotic Cardiovascular Disease; Treatment of hypercholesterolemia with statins results in significant reductions in cardiovascular risk; however, individuals with well-controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, but persistent high triglycerides (TG), remain at increased risk. Genetic and epidemiologic studies have shown that elevated fasting TG levels are associated with incident cardiovascular events. At effective doses, omega-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), lower TG levels but may have additional atheroprotective properties compared to other TG-lowering therapies such as niacin and fibrates. The purpose of this review is to evaluate mechanisms related to the potential benefits of omega-3 fatty acids in atherothrombotic disease.
Eating more sardines instead of fish oil supplementation: Beyond omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, a matrix of nutrients with cardiovascular benefits; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) play a significant role in the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases associated with a mild chronic pro-inflammatory background, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hypertriglyceridaemia, and fatty liver disease. The effects of n-3 PUFA supplements specifically, remain controversial regarding reducing risks of cardiovascular events. n-3 PUFA supplements come at a cost for the consumer and can result in polypharmacy for patients on pharmacotherapy. Sardines are a well-known, inexpensive source of n-3 PUFA and their consumption could reduce the need for n-3 PUFA supplementation. Moreover, sardines contain other cardioprotective nutrients, although further insights are crucial to translate a recommendation for sardine consumption into clinical practice. The present review discusses the matrix of nutrients contained in sardines which confer health benefits for cardiometabolism, beyond n-3 PUFA. Sardines contain calcium, potassium, magnesium, zinc, iron, taurine, arginine and other nutrients which together modulate mild inflammation and exacerbated oxidative stress observed in cardiovascular disease and in haemodynamic dysfunction. In a common serving of sardines, calcium, potassium, and magnesium are the minerals at higher amounts to elicit clinical benefits, whilst other nutrients are present in lower but valuable amounts. A pragmatic approach towards the consumption of such nutrients in the clinical scenario should be adopted to consider the dose-response relationship effects on physiological interactions. As most recommendations currently available are based on an indirect rationale of the physiological actions of the nutrients found in sardines, randomised clinical trials are warranted to expand the evidence on the benefits of sardine consumption.
Synergistic effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and aspirin in the clinical practice - a narrative review; The review aimed to illustrate the structure, role and effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin, ASA) in various clinical cases. This verification of earlier single studies may be a guide in the further treatment of civilization diseases. The results of the presented narrative review suggest that aspirin supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids reduces pro-inflammatory biomarkers in sepsis and acute respiratory distress syndrome. Including adequate amounts of omega 3-PUFAs in therapy, rather than increasing the dose of acetylsalicylic acid, may contribute to beneficial effects in treating thrombosis and preventing myocardial infarction or other cardiovascular diseases, which is particularly important in aspirin-resistant patients. As suggested in the literature, a low daily dose of omega-3 fatty acids was effective in slowing the progression of kidney disease with IgA nephropathy. Aspirin supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids has improved clinical and immunological outcomes in the treatment of periodontitis or the therapy of colorectal cancer tumor lesions. The synergistic effect of both compounds is proposed as a new therapeutic option in the treatment of Parkinson's disease. Further research into the synergistic effects of omega-3 fatty acids in combination with acetylsalicylic acid may provide a breakthrough in drug dose reduction, ultimately enabling more effective and safer pharmacotherapy for the patient. Therefore, studies on polyunsaturated fatty acids in combination with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in vivo are needed.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AND CANCER, A NUTRITIONAL ALTERNATIVE FOR ITS PREVENTION AND TREATMENT; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 LCPUFA) are essential for human beings and they should be incorporated to our body through the diet. For almost a century it is known that these fatty acids are essential for growth and development of individuals and from 1970 onwards, investigations have found solid evidence about several health properties attributed to these fatty acids, especially at the cardiovascular, neurological and anti-inflammatory level; it is in this sense that today a large number of investigations have focused to study the protective role of omega-3 LCPUFA against cancer, primarily based on the anti-inflammatory properties that they possess. In this paper we describe a series of evidences to establish a possible preventive and therapeutic use of omega-3 LCPUFA against cancer, specifically in prostate, breast and colon cancer.
Evaluation of the effect of omega-3 supplements in the prevention of preeclampsia among high risk women; Identification of proactive preeclamptic factors in pregnant women, as one of the three maternal and neonatal mortality factors, is of special importance. Omega-3 is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that may reduce blood pressure and brain and heart attacks affecting the production of prostaglandins and reducing unwanted fat, vasodilatation and platelet adhesion. This study was designed and implemented to clinically evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplements in preventing preeclampsia among high risk women of Qazvin city. In a double-blinded clinical trial, 100 high risk preeclamptic women were selected by target-based sampling from among pregnant women referred to health centers in Qazvin city, and voluntarily enrolled into the study. Then, samples were randomly divided into two treatment groups with omega-3 supplementation and placebo, respectively. The population was monitored until termination of pregnancy and childbirth, and post-delivery information was collected and statistically analyzed. Incidence and severity of preeclampsia among the mothers receiving omega-3 supplement 1 g daily during pregnancy was significantly less than that in the control group (p = 0.015). The outcome of pregnancy, including birth time zone and minute 5 Apgar score of neonates in omega-3 group were significantly greater than in the control group. Mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure in omega-3 group was significantly less than that in the control group. Using Omega-3 supplement is effective in reducing incidence of preeclampsia and its severity. It is also effective on improving pregnancy outcome, including birth weight and neonatal minute 5 Apgar score. Therefore, development of nutritional education programs for pregnant women seems to be necessary.
Current state-of-the-art knowledge on the role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease; Introduction. Polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acid preparations containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexanaenoic acid (DHA), or EPA only, have long been recommended in the management of hypertriglyceridaemia, especially when severe (triglyceride levels >= 500 mg/dL), at the dose of 2-4 g/d, mostly for the prevention of acute pancreatitis.
SUPPLEMENTATION EFFECT OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS IN OVERWEIGHT AND OBESE MEXICAN SCHOOLCHILDREN; Overweight and obesity are considered global health problems. In Mexico, the prevalence of overweight and obesity among children is growing. Specifically, Veracruz is the Mexican state with the highest rates of childhood overweight and obesity. The present study focuses on evaluating the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) supplements in overweight and obese schoolchildren living in Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico. A total of 121 children, aged 10-12 years, were recruited from five public elementary schools from Xalapa city. The schoolchildren were diagnosed as being overweight or obese and divided into four groups in order to be daily supplemented with 2 or 3 gummies (70 or 105mg of DHA) and 10 or 15g of salmon per day. Sup- plementation was carried out for three months. Anthropometric measurements (weight, height, BMI, waist-hip ratio) were taken, and serum parameters such as glucose, triglycerides, cholesterol, HDL, VLDL and LDL were determined. The results showed no significant differences in body weight, height, BMI, waist-hip ratio and fat percentage after supplementation. In glucose, percentage change in all supplementations demonstrated no statistical difference. Cardiovascular risk biomarkers decreased: serum CHO, LDL, VLDL, TG and AI, while serum HDL increased. Supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in children had a beneficial effect on dyslipidemia and, thus, would reduce the expectation of developing cardiovascular diseases.
Omega-3 fatty acids and atrial fibrillation; Although some clinical trials have demonstrated reduced incidence of cardiovascular disease with the use of omega-3 fatty acids, others have found an increased risk of atrial fibrillation (AF). AF is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia worldwide. It is associated with high morbidity and mortality rates and significant public health burden. Previous studies of the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on AF occurrence have reported contradictory results. Here we reviewed the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on the risk of AF.
Dietary <i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 Ratio Influences Brain Fatty Acid Composition in Adult Rats; There is mounting evidence that diets supplemented with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) can impact brain biology and functions. This study investigated whether moderately high-fat diets differing inn-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio could impact fatty acid composition in regions of the brain linked to various psychopathologies. Adult male Sprague Dawley rats consumed isocaloric diets (35% kcal from fat) containing different ratios of linoleic acid (n-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (n-3) for 2 months. It was found that the profiles of PUFA in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and hypothalamus reflected the fatty acid composition of the diet. In addition, region-specific changes in saturated fatty acids and monounsaturated fatty acids were detected in the hypothalamus, but not in the hippocampus or prefrontal cortex. This study in adult rats demonstrates that fatty acid remodeling in the brain by diet can occur within months and provides additional evidence for the suggestion that diet could impact mental health.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of elevated triglycerides; Several national and international health organizations have current recommendations for increasing dietary and supplemental intakes of omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease and for management of hypertriglyceridemia. Clinical trials of prescription omega-3 fatty acids as monotherapy or as an adjunct to statin therapy have supported its efficacy for improving the lipid profile (reducing triglycerides and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and raising HDL-C) in individuals with hypertriglyceridemia or mixed dyslipidemia. Hypertriglyceridemia is common in developed countries and recent estimates indicate a 33% prevalence of fasting triglycerides greater than 1.7 mmol/l (150 mg/dl) in the USA. In this review, we summarize the results from clinical trials regarding the use of omega-3 fatty acids for reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia; Hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease; high-risk patients with HTG, such as those with metabolic syndrome or diabetes, may benefit from hypolipidaemic therapies. Several lipid-lowering drugs act by reducing triglyceride (TG) levels, including fibrates, nicotinic acid and omega-3 fatty acids. The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) dose-dependently reduce plasma TG levels; the effect tends to be greater in patients with higher TG levels at baseline. Evidence from clinical trials suggests that EPA + DHA doses of >= 2 g/day are required to achieve significant effects. The optimal TG-lowering doses of EPA + DHA are 3-4 g/day, with little evidence to support lipid-altering efficacy of doses of EPA and DHA <1 g/day. Predicted changes in fasting serum TG levels at the recommended dietary intakes of EPA and/or DHA of 200-500 mg/day are -3.1% to -7.2%. Reductions of plasma TG levels at the optimal doses are from 25-35% up to 45% in the presence of severely elevated TG levels (>= 500 mg/dl; >= 5.65 mmol/l), along with a reduction in non-high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (non-HDL-C) and an increase in HDL-C. This observation has also been confirmed in statin-treated patients. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids worsens forelimb motor function after intracerebral hemorrhage in rats; Dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been associated with decreased clotting ability and increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke. The aim of the current study was to assess the effect of dietary supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid on functional outcome after hemorrhagic stroke. Rats were maintained on a diet containing similar to30% of energy as either fish oil (rich in omega-3 fatty acids) or safflower oil (rich in omega-6 fatty acids) and subjected to either intracerebral hemorrhage or sham surgery. Behavioral tests, infarct measurement, and MR imaging techniques were used to assess outcome. While there was no significant difference in infarct volume between rats on different diets, animals maintained on a diet enriched with fish oil exhibited increased cerebral blood flow after surgery. These animals were significantly more impaired than rats fed the safflower-oil-enriched diet in tests of forelimb dexterity and fine motor control. These results suggest that high intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may not only increase the risk of hemorrhagic stroke as shown in previous studies, but most importantly may lead to a more severe motor impairment and a poorer functional outcome after such an event. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
ω-3 Fatty Acids, Genetic Variants in COX-2 and Prostate Cancer; Dietary intake of fish and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) may decrease the risk of prostate cancer development and progression to advanced stage disease. This could reflect the anti-inflammatory effects of PUFAs, possibly through mediation of cyclooxygenase (COX), a key enzyme in fatty acid metabolism and inflammation. Despite promising experimental evidence, epidemiological studies have reported somewhat conflicting results regarding the effects of fish/PUFAs on prostate cancer development and progression. The literature suggests that fish, and particularly long-chain omega-3 PUFAs, may have a more pronounced protective effect on biologically aggressive tumors or on their progression, and less on early steps of carcinogenesis. Moreover, the impact of LC omega-3 PUFAs may be modified by variation of the COX-2 gene. Overall, results to date support the hypothesis that long-chain omega-3 PUFAs may impact prostate inflammation and carcinogenesis via the COX-2 enzymatic pathway. Copyright (c) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
RA and ω-3 PUFA co-treatment activates autophagy in cancer cells; Retinoic acid (RA), is a promising therapeutic agent for the treatment of breast cancer. However, metabolic disorders and drug resistance reduce the efficacy of RA. In this study, we found that RA and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) synergistically induced cell death in vitro and in vivo and autophagy activation. Moreover, RA-induced hypercholesterolemia was completely corrected by omega-3 PUFA supplementation. In addition, we demonstrated that the effects of this combination on the autophagic flux were independent of the two major canonic regulatory complexes controlling autophagic vesicle formation. The treatment activated Gaq-p38 MAPK signaling pathways, which resulted in autophagy of breast cancer cells. Knockdown of Gaq or P38 expression prevented RA and omega-3 PUFAs from inducing autophagy. Data indicated that Gaq-p38activation was mediated by the co-activation of GPR40 and RAR alpha in lipid rafts, rather than by the activation of GPR120, RAR ss, or RAR gamma. The results of this study suggest that hyperlipidemic drug side effects may be ameliorated by the administration of omega-3 PUFAs. Thus, the therapeutic indexes of the corresponding drugs may be increased.
The Effect of <i>n</i>-<i>3</i> Fatty Acids on Glucose Homeostasis and Insulin Sensitivity; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) as well as cardiovascular disease (CVD) represent major complications of obesity and associated metabolic disorders (metabolic syndrome). This review focuses on the effects of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) on insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis, which are improved by omega-3 in many animal models of metabolic syndrome, but remain frequently unaffected in humans. Here we focus on: (i) mechanistic aspects of omega-3 action, reflecting also our experiments in dietary obese mice; and (ii) recent studies analysing omega-3's effects in various categories of human subjects. Most animal experiments document beneficial effects of omega-3 on insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism even under conditions of established obesity and insulin resistance. Besides positive results obtained in both cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies on healthy human populations, also some intervention studies in prediabetic subjects document amelioration of impaired glucose homeostasis by omega-3. However, the use of omega-3 to reduce a risk of new-onset diabetes in prediabetic subjects still remains to be further characterized. The results of a majority of clinical trials performed in T2D patients suggest that omega-3 have none or marginal effects on metabolic control, while effectively reducing hypertriglyceridemia in these patients. Despite most of the recent randomized clinical trials do not support the role of omega-3 in secondary prevention of CVD, this issue remains still controversial. Combined interventions using omega-3 and antidiabetic or hypolipidemic drugs should be further explored and considered for treatment of patients with T2D and other diseases.
Effect of α linolenic acid on cardiovascular risk markers:: a systematic review; Objective: To determine whether dietary supplementation with a linolenic acid ( ALA) can modify established and emerging cardiovascular risk markers.
Influence of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-supplementation on platelet aggregation in humans: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Increased platelet activity predicts adverse cardiovascular events. The objective was to assess the effects of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA)-supplementation on platelet aggregation.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The effects of omega-3 fatty acids (FAs), such as eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids, on cardiovascular outcomes are uncertain. We aimed to determine the effectiveness of omega-3 FAs on fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes and examine the potential variability in EPA vs. EPA+DHA treatment effects. Methods: We searched EMBASE, PubMed, ClinicalTrials.gov, and Cochrane library databases through June 7, 2021. We performed a meta-analysis of 38 randomized controlled trials of omega-3 FAs, stratified by EPA monotherapy and EPA+DHA therapy. We estimated random-effects rate ratios (RRs) with (95% confidence intervals) and rated the certainty of evidence using GRADE. The key outcomes of interest were cardiovascular mortality, non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes, bleeding, and atrial fibrillation (AF). The protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021227580). Findings: In 149,051 participants, omega-3 FA was associated with reducing cardiovascular mortality (RR, 0.93 [0.88-0.98]; p = 0.01), non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) (RR, 0.87 [0.81-0.93]; p = 0.0001), coronary heart disease events (CHD) (RR, 0.91 [0.87-0.96]; p = 0.0002), major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) (RR, 0.95 [0.92-0.98]; p = 0.002), and revascularization (RR, 0.91 [0.87-0.95]; p = 0.0001). The meta-analysis showed higher RR reductions with EPA monotherapy (0.82 [0.68-0.99]) than with EPA + DHA (0.94 [0.89-0.99]) for cardiovascular mortality, non-fatal MI (EPA: 0.72 [0.62-0.84]; EPA+DHA: 0.92 [0.85-1.00]), CHD events (EPA: 0.73 [0.62-0.85]; EPA+DHA: 0.94 [0.89-0.99]), as well for MACE and revascularization. Omega-3 FA increased incident AF (RR, 1.26 [1.08-1.48]). EPA monotherapy vs. control was associated with a higher risk of total bleeding (RR: 1.49 [1.20-1.84]) and AF (RR, 1.35 [1.10-1.66]). Interpretation: Omega-3 FAs reduced cardiovascular mortality and improved cardiovascular outcomes. The cardiovascular risk reduction was more prominent with EPA monotherapy than with EPA+DHA. Funding: None. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
Where to find omega-3 fatty acids and how feeding animals with diet enriched in omega-3 fatty acids to increase nutritional value of derived products for human: What is actually useful?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have two major field of interest. The first lies in their quantitative abundance and their role in the development and maintenance of the brain. The second is their role in the prevention of different pathologies, mainly the cardiovascular diseases, and more lately some psychiatric disorders, from stress to depression and dementia. Thus, dietary omega-3 fatty acids are very important to ensure brain structure and function, more specifically during development and aging. However, concerning essential alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), most occidental diets contain about 50% of the recommended dietary allowances. The problem is to know which foods are naturally rich in this fatty acid, and to determine the true impact of the formulations (enriched in omega-3 fatty acids, either ALA or EPA and DHA) in chows used on farms and breeding centres on the nutritional value of the products (meat, butter, milk and dairy products, cheese, and eggs, etc), and thus their effect on the health of consumers, especially to ensure adequate quantities in the diet of the aging people. The consequences (qualitative and quantitative) of modifications in the composition of animal foods on the value of derived products consumed by humans are more marked when single-stomach animals are concerned than multi-stomach animals. Because, for example, hydrogenating intestinal bacteria of the latter group transform a large proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids in their food into saturated fatty acids, among others, thus depriving them of any biological interest. Under the best conditions, by feeding animals with extracts of linseed and rapeseed grains for example, the level of ALA acid is increased approximately two-fold in beef and six-fold in pork, ten-fold in chicken, and forty-fold in eggs. By feeding animals with fish extracts or algae (oils) the level of DHA is increased about 2-fold in beef, 7-fold in chicken, 6-fold in eggs, and 20-fold in fish (salmon). To obtain such results, it is sufficient to respect only the physiological needs of the animal, which was generally the case with traditional methods. It is important to stress the role of fish, whose nutritional value for humans in terms of lipids (determined by omega-3 fatty acid levels) can vary considerably according to the type of fats the animals have been fed. The aim of preventing some aspects of cardiovascular disease (and other pathologies) can be achieved, or on the contrary frustrated, depending on the nature of fatty acids present in fish flesh, the direct consequence of the nature of fats with which they have been fed. It is the same for eggs, "omega-3 eggs" being in fact similar to natural eggs, were used in the formulation of certain formula milks for infants, whose composition was closest to that of breast milk. In fact, the additional cost on the price paid by the consumer is modest compared to the considerable gain in nutritional value in terms of omega-3 fatty acids content. Interestingly, in aged people, ALA recommendations in France are increased (0.8% daily energy intake in adult, 0.9% in aged) and DHA is multiplied by 2 (0.05% daily energy intake in adult, 0.1% in aged; as well as in pregnant and lactating women).
Long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and classical cardiovascular disease risk factors among the Catalan population; The protective cardiovascular effect of long-chain n-3 fatty acids has been firmly established in populations with high fish consumption, like those from Mediterranean countries. The current fish consumption in a representative sample from Catalonia, a Mediterranean region, and its relationship with plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) and some classical cardiovascular disease risk factors was evaluated. Mean fish and seafood intake was 78.5 +/- 51.4 g/day. Mean plasma concentrations of EPA and DHA were respectively 0.48% and 1.99% of total fatty acids. Consumption of marine foods among the Catalan population. the main source of n-3 fatty acids, appears to beneficially affect some cardiovascular disease risk factors. Our results show that both EPA and DHA are negatively associated with triacylglycerol (TG) concentrations and the ratio of total cholesterol (TC) to HDL-cholesterol. Furthermore, EPA but not DHA has a beneficial effect on plasma HDL-cholesterol among the Catalan population. There were no significant associations between long-chain n-3 fatty acids and LDL-cholesterol, TC, glucose, insulin or blood pressure. Oily fish intake, which is richest in EPA and DHA, is currently at an order of only 1 serving per week in the Catalan population and its increase should therefore be promoted. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Novel lipid emulsion for total parenteral nutrition based on 18-carbon n-3 fatty acids elicits a superior immunometabolic phenotype in a murine model compared with standard lipid emulsions; Background While lipid emulsions in modern formulations for total parenteral nutrition (TPN) provide essential fatty acids and dense calories, they also promote inflammation and immunometabolic disruptions. Objectives We aimed to develop a novel lipid emulsion for TPN use with superior immunometabolic actions compared with available standard lipid emulsions. Methods A novel lipid emulsion [Vegaven (VV)] containing 30% of 18-carbon n-3 fatty acids (alpha-linolenic acid and stearidonic acid) was developed for TPN (VV-TPN) and compared with TPN containing soybean oil-based lipid emulsion (IL-TPN) and fish-oil-based lipid emulsion (OV-TPN). In vivo studies were performed in instrumented male C57BL/6 mice subjected to 7-d TPN prior to analysis of cytokines, indices of whole-body and hepatic glucose metabolism, immune cells, lipid mediators, and mucosal bowel microbiome. Results IL-6 to IL-10 ratios were significantly lower in liver and skeletal muscle of VV-TPN mice when compared with IL-TPN or OV-TPN mice. VV-TPN and OV-TPN each increased hepatic insulin receptor abundance and resulted in similar HOMA-IR values, whereas only VV-TPN increased hepatic insulin receptor substrate 2 and maintained normal hepatic glycogen content, effects that were IL-10-dependent and mediated by glucokinase activation. The percentages of IFN-gamma- and IL-17-expressing CD4+ T cells were increased in livers of VV-TPN mice, and liver macrophages exhibited primed phenotypes when compared with IL-TPN. This immunomodulation was associated with successful elimination of the microinvasive bacterium Akkermansia muciniphila from the bowel mucosa by VV-TPN as opposed to standard lipid emulsions. Assay of hepatic lipid mediators revealed a distinct profile with VV-TPN, including increases in 9(S)-hydroxy-octadecatrienoic acid. When co-administered with IL-TPN, hydroxy-octadecatrienoic acids mimicked the VV-TPN immunometabolic phenotype. Conclusions We here report the unique anti-inflammatory, insulin-sensitizing, and immunity-enhancing properties of a newly developed lipid emulsion designed for TPN use based on 18-carbon n-3 fatty acids.
Fish consumption, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids intake and risk of stroke: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Objectives: Although fish consumption or omega-3 intake is associated with cardio- cerebrovascular disease including stroke, their correlation is still controversial. Therefore, this meta-analysis is to identify the relationship between the risk of stroke and fish consumption or omega-3 intake. Methods and Study Design: We searched the PubMed, EMBASE and Cochrane Library databases as of May 2019. Multivariateadjusted risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for stroke in different level intake of fish or Longchain\omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC omega 3-PUFAs) were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. A dose-response analysis was conducted with the 2-stage generalized least-squares trend program. Results: Our meta-analysis identified a total of 17 prospective cohort studies including 14986 strokes events in 672711 individuals. Meta-analysis revealed that the higher fish consumption was significantly associated with lower risk of stroke (RR=0.871, 95% CI: 0.779-0.975, p=0.016), especially with ischemic stroke (RR=0.808, 95% CI: 0.6960.937, p=0.005). Meantime, the combined RR of total stroke was 0.859 (95% CI: 0.769-0.959, p=0.007) for the highest versus lowest intake of LC omega 3-PUFAs, and stratification analysis showed that higher LC omega 3-PUFAs intake was associated with reduced stroke risk in women (RR=0.793, 95% CI: 0.706-0.891, p=0.000) but not in men. In addition, the dose-response analysis showed fish consumption with 1000g per month and LC omega 3-PUFAs intake with 0.5g per month was associated with 17.3% (RR=0.927, 95% CI: 0.83-0.98) and 14% (RR=0.86, 95% CI: 0.78-0.95) lower risk of stroke, respectively. Conclusions: Both fish consumption and LC omega 3-PUFAs intake were negatively associated with the risk of stroke, especially in women, which suggest that increased intake of fishery products and LC omega 3-PUFAs may benefit primary prevention of stroke.
Polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids reduce lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> in patients with stable angina; Background and Aims: Increased consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) together with lifestyle measures and medications is recommended for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. However, the exact mechanisms underlying observed benefits are not well defined. To this aim, we evaluated the effects of omega-3 PUFA in stable coronary artery disease (CAD) patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) on lipoprotein associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) mass and activity and their relation to oxidized low-density lipoproteins (oxy-LDL).
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and heart rate variability; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may modulate autonomic control of the heart because omega-3 PUFA is abundant in the brain and other nervous tissue as well as in cardiac tissue. This might partly explain why omega-3 PUFA offer some protection against sudden cardiac death (SCD). The autonomic nervous system is involved in the pathogenesis of SCD. Heart rate variability (HRV) can be used as a non-invasive marker of cardiac autonomic control and a low HRV is a predictor for SCD and arrhythmic events. Studies on HRV and omega-3 PUFA have been performed in several populations such as patients with ischemic heart disease, patients with diabetes mellitus, patients with chronic renal failure, and in healthy subjects as well as in children. The studies have demonstrated a positive association between cellular content of omega-3 PUFA and HRV and supplementation with omega-3 PUFA seems to increase HRV which could be a possible explanation for decreased risk of arrhythmic events and SCD sometimes observed after omega-3 PUFA supplementation. However, the results are not consistent and further research is needed. variability
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced vasodilation in mouse aorta and mesenteric arteries is not mediated by ATP-sensitive potassium channels; There is strong evidence that the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have cardioprotective effects. n-3 PUFAs cause vasodilation in hypertensive patients, in part controlled by increased membrane conductance to potassium. As K-ATP channels play a major role in vascular tone regulation and are involved in hypertension, we aimed to verify whether n-3 PUFA-mediated vasodilation involved the opening of K-ATP channels. We used a murine model in which the K-ATP channel pore subunit, Kir6.1, is deleted in vascular smooth muscle. The vasomotor response of preconstricted arteries to physiologically relevant concentrations of DHA and EPA was measured using wire myography, using the channel blocker PNU-37883A. The effect of n-3 PUFAs on potassium currents in wild-type native smooth muscle cells was investigated using whole-cell patch clamping. DHA and EPA induced vasodilation in mouse aorta and mesenteric arteries; relaxations in the aorta were sensitive to K-ATP blockade with PNU-37883A. Endothelium removal didn't affect relaxation to EPA and caused a small but significant inhibition of relaxation to DHA. In the knock-out model, relaxations to DHA and EPA were unaffected by channel knockdown but were still inhibited by PNU-37883A, indicating that the action of PNU-37883A on relaxation may not reflect inhibition of K-ATP. In native aortic smooth muscle cells DHA failed to activate K-ATP currents. We conclude that DHA and EPA cause vasodilation in mouse aorta and mesenteric arteries. Relaxations in blocker-treated arteries from knock-out mice demonstrate that K-ATP channels are not involved in the n-3 PUFA-induced relaxation.
Protective effect of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Eicosapentaenoic acid/Docosahexaenoic acid 1:1 ratio on cardiovascular disease risk markers in rats; Background: High consumption of fish carries a lower risk of cardiovascular disease as a consequence of dietary omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA; especially EPA and DHA) content. A controversy exists about the component/s responsible of these beneficial effects and, in consequence, which is the best proportion between both fatty acids. We sought to determine, in healthy Wistar rats, the proportions of EPA and DHA that would induce beneficial effects on biomarkers of oxidative stress, and cardiovascular disease risk.
Baseline characteristics of participants in the <i>VIT</i>amin D and Omeg<i>A</i>-3 Tria<i>L</i> (VITAL); Evidence for a role of supplemental vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acids in preventing cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains inconclusive and insufficient to inform nutritional recommendations for primary prevention. The VITamin D and Omega-A 3 TriaL (VITAL) is an ongoing nationwide, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial designed to fill this knowledge gap. The study population consists of 25,874 U.S. adults without cancer or CVD at baseline, who were selected only on age (men aged >= 50 and women aged >= 55), with an oversampling of African Americans (n = 5,107). In a 2 x 2 factorial design, participants were randomized to one of four supplement groups: [1] active vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol; 2000 IU/d) and active marine omega-3 fatty acids (Omacor fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA], 1 g/d); [2] active vitamin D and omega-3 placebo; [3] vitamin D placebo and active marine omega-3 fatty acids; or [4] vitamin D placebo and omega-3 placebo. The mean length of the randomized treatment period will be 5 years. The randomization was successful, as evidenced by similar distributions of baseline demographic, health, and behavioral characteristics across treatment groups. The similar distribution of known potential confounders across treatment groups strongly suggests that unmeasured or unknown potential confounders are also equally distributed. VITAL is expected to provide important information on the benefit-risk balance of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation when taken for the primary prevention of cancer and CVD. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplement Use With Cardiovascular Disease Risks Meta-analysis of 10 Trials Involving 77 917 Individuals; IMPORTANCE Current guidelines advocate the use of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids supplements for the prevention of coronary heart disease and major vascular events in people with prior coronary heart disease, but large trials of omega-3 fatty acids have produced conflicting results.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids-Vascular and Cardiac Effects on the Cellular and Molecular Level (Narrative Review); In the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease, in addition to the already proven effective treatment of dyslipidemia, hypertension and diabetes mellitus, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are considered as substances with additive effects on cardiovascular health. N-3 PUFAs combine their indirect effects on metabolic, inflammatory and thrombogenic parameters with direct effects on the cellular level. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) seems to be more efficient than docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the favorable mitigation of atherothrombosis due to its specific molecular properties. The inferred mechanism is a more favorable effect on the cell membrane. In addition, the anti-fibrotic effects of n-3 PUFA were described, with potential impacts on heart failure with a preserved ejection fraction. Furthermore, n-3 PUFA can modify ion channels, with a favorable impact on arrhythmias. However, despite recent evidence in the prevention of cardiovascular disease by a relatively high dose of icosapent ethyl (EPA derivative), there is still a paucity of data describing the exact mechanisms of n-3 PUFAs, including the role of their particular metabolites. The purpose of this review is to discuss the effects of n-3 PUFAs at several levels of the cardiovascular system, including controversies.
Supplementation with omega-3 acids after myocardial infarction and modification of inflammatory markers in light of the patients' diet: a preliminary study; Background: Neuroendocrine activation, activation of proinflammatory cytokines and platelets, and endothelial dysfunction play a significant role in the development of heart failure (HF).
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: A case for omega-3 index as a new risk factor; The omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) found in fish and fish oils (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, EPA and DHA) have been reported to have a variety of beneficial effects in cardiovascular diseases. Ecological and prospective cohort studies as well as randomized, controlled trials have supported the view that the effects of these FAs are clinically relevant. They operate via several mechanisms, all beginning with the incorporation of EPA and DHA into cell membranes. From here, these omega-3 FA alter membrane physical characteristics and the activity of membrane-bound proteins, and once released by intracellular phospholipases, can interact with ion channels, be converted into a wide variety of bioactive eicosanoids, and serve as ligands for several nuclear transcription factors thereby altering gene expression. In as much as blood levels are a strong reflection of dietary intake, it is proposed that an omega-3 FA biomarker, the omega-3 index (erythrocyte EPA+DHA) be considered at least a marker, if not a risk factor, for coronary heart disease, especially sudden cardiac death. The omega-3 index fulfils many of the requirements for a risk factor including consistent epidemiological evidence, a plausible mechanism of action, a reproducible assay, independence from classical risk factors, modifiability, and most importantly, the demonstration that raising tissue levels will reduce risk for cardiac events. For these and a number of other reasons, the omega-3 index compares very favourably with other risk factors for sudden cardiac death. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Interactive Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Secondhand Smoke in Mice and Human Subjects; Active smoking and secondhand smoke (SHS) exposure increase the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Active smoking is associated with reduced levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and studies show that n-3 PUFA supplementation can improve smoking-induced vascular dysfunction. However, the relationship between n-3 PUFA and SHS exposure has not been studied.Fat-1transgenic mice, which convert n-6 to n-3 PUFA, were fed diets with n-3 PUFA or without (n-6 PUFA diet), exposed to air or SHS for 4 weeks, and vasoreactivity, antioxidant indices, and omega-3 index (percent eicosapentaenoic + docosahexaenoic acids in RBC) measured. Compared to air-exposed mice, SHS-enhanced aortic constriction in mice fed the n-6 PUFA diet (omega-3 index, 5.9 +/- 0.2%; mean +/- SE), but not in mice fed the n-3 PUFA diet (omega-3 index, 7.8 +/- 0.6%). SHS also significantly induced mRNA expression of cytochrome P4501A1, NADPH:quinone oxidoreductase, heme oxygenase-1, and angiotensinogen in adipose tissue, and increased antioxidant capacity only in mice on the n-6 PUFA diet. Notably, SHS reduced the omega-3 index by 1.0 percentage point (p = 0.003), compared to air-exposed mice irrespective of diet. Additionally, we recruited human nonsmokers (NS) with and without SHS exposure (n = 40) 19-40 years old and measured the omega-3 index and antioxidant capacity. In human subjects SHS exposure was associated with a significantly lower omega-3 index (NS, 4.4 +/- 1.1%; NS + SHS, 3.2 +/- 1.0%; mean +/- SD,p = 0.002) and higher antioxidant capacity (p < 0.001) than unexposed NS. Thus, SHS exposure is associated with lower levels of n-3 PUFA in mice and humans; however, an omega-3 index of similar to 8% in mice has vasoprotective and antioxidant properties.
Dietary n-3 Fatty Acids Intake and All-Cause and Cardiovascular Mortality in Patients With Prediabetes and Diabetes; Context While the association between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and cardiovascular (CV) events has been thoroughly examined, there is still a scarcity of research regarding their effect on the long-term prognosis in diabetic patients.Objective We aimed to explore the effects of n-3 PUFA on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients with pre-diabetes and diabetes.Method Herein, a total of 16 539 eligible individuals were enrolled from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003 to 2018, and categorized into T1, T2, and T3 based on the tertiles of n-3 PUFA. The Cox proportional risk regression models, Kaplan-Meier curve, and subgroup analysis were conducted to evaluate the association between n-3 PUFA and mortality. Restricted cubic spline (RCS) curves graphically demonstrated the dose-response relationship. Additionally, weighted quantile sum (WQS) models were adopted to measure the mixed and individual effects of n-3 PUFA on mortality.Results Following a median follow-up period of 8.42 years, 3010 individuals died, with 989 deaths attributed to CV diseases. Significantly lower risk of all-cause (T2: 0.81 [0.71-0.92], T3: 0.77 [0.64-0.94]) and CV (T2: 0.75 [0.61-0.93]) mortality was observed after adjusting for multivariables compared to the reference (T1). Meanwhile, the RCS curve revealed a negative nonlinear association between n-3 PUFA and mortality. None of the interactions in any subgroup analysis were statistically significant except for BMI (P for interaction = .049). Finally, the WQS analysis demonstrated alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) as the main contributors to n-3 PUFAs' benefits against mortality.Conclusion Increased dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs, particularly ALA and DPA, was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause and CV mortality among Americans with prediabetes and diabetes.
Alpha linolenic acid (ALA) from <i>Rosa canina</i>, sacha inchi and chia oils may increase ALA accretion and its conversion into <i>n</i>-3 LCPUFA in diverse tissues of the rat; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is an essential n-3 PUFA; its n-3 LCPUFA derivatives EPA and DHA, which have diverse beneficial effects, are scarce in the human diet. In recent years nontraditional vegetable oils rich in ALA (up to 45%) have been developed as new alternatives to increase ALA consumption. This work evaluated the accretion of ALA, EPA and DHA into the phospholipids extracted from erythrocytes, liver, kidney, small intestine, heart, quadriceps and the brain in rats fed sunflower (SFO), canola (CO), Rosa canina (RCO), sacha inchi (Plukenetia volubilis, SIO) and chia (Salvia hispanica, ChO) oils. Five experimental groups (n = 12 per group) were fed for 21 days with SFO (1% ALA), CO (10% ALA), RCO (33% ALA), SIO (49% ALA), and ChO (64% ALA). SIO and ChO allowed higher ALA accretion in all tissues, except the brain, and a reduction in the content of arachidonic acid in all tissues except the brain. EPA was increased in erythrocytes, liver, kidney, small intestine, heart and quadriceps, but not in the brain. DHA was increased in the liver, small intestine and brain tissues. Our results demonstrate that ALA, when provided in significant amounts, can be converted into n-3 LCPUFA, mostly DHA in the liver and brain. It is suggested that oils rich in ALA, such as SIO and ChO, are good sources for obtaining higher tissue levels of ALA, also allowing its selective conversion into n-3 LCPUFA in some tissues of the rat.
Emerging Risk Factors for Postpartum Depression: Serotonin Transporter Genotype and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Status; Objective: Depression is a leading cause of disability and hospitalization. Women are at the highest risk of depression during their childbearing years, and the birth of a child may precipitate a depressive episode in vulnerable women. Postpartum depression (PPD) is associated with diminished maternal somatic health as well as health and developmental problems in their offspring. This review focuses on 2 PPD risk factors of emerging interest: serotonin transporter (5-HTT) genotype and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) status.
Enriched Endogenous Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Mice Ameliorate Parenchymal Cell Death After Traumatic Brain Injury; Currently no effective therapies are available for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI). Early intervention that specifically provides neuroprotection is of most importance which profoundly influences the outcome of TBI. In the present study, we adopted a closed-skull mild TBI model to investigate potential roles of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in protecting against TBI. Using two-photon laser scanning microscopy (2PLSM), parenchymal cell death and reactive oxidative species (ROS) expression were directly observed and recorded after TBI through a thinned skull bone window. Fat-1 mice with high endogenous omega-3 PUFAs significantly inhibited ROS expression and attenuated parenchymal cell death after compression injury during the early injury phase. Elevated generation of glutathione (GSH) and neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) in the parenchyma of fat-1 mice could be the contributor to the beneficial role of omega-3 PUFAs in TBI. The results of the study suggest that omega-3 PUFAs is an effective neuroprotectant as an early pharmacological intervention for TBI and the information derived from this study may help guide dietary advice for those who are susceptible to repetitive mild TBI.
Does Omega-3 supplementation decrease carotid intima-media thickening in hemodialysis patients; Objective: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed to assess the effect of omega-3 supplementation (3 g/day) on atherosclerosis progression by measuring carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) in hemodialysis (HD) patients. Methods: A total of 54 HD patients were randomized into two groups: Intervention group (n = 27), in which patients were given 3 g/day omega-3 for 6 months and placebo group (n = 27), in which patients received placebo using the same administration protocol. All patients underwent a carotid artery ultrasound scan to measure cIMT at baseline and at 6 months. Findings: cIMT decreased significantly in omega-3 group (0.79 0.21 mm at baseline vs. 0.65 0.18 mm at 6 months, P< 0.001). On the other hand, a nonsignificant increase in cIMT was seen in placebo group (0.75 0.17 mm at baseline vs. 0.79 0.17 mm at 6 months, P = 0.12). Moreover, cIMT was statistically significantly different between omega-3 and placebo groups at 6 months (P < 0.001). After 6 months, a statistically significant increase was observed in high-density lipoprotein level in omega-3 group compared to placebo group (P = 0.03). Urea reduction ratio was also statistically significantly higher in omega-3 than placebo group at 6 months (P = 0.03). No significant difference was observed in terms of other variables between the two groups. Conclusion: These data suggested that omega-3 supplementation plays a protective role in the progression of atherosclerosis in HD patients.
Omega-3 intake is associated with attenuated inflammatory response and cardiac remodeling after myocardial infarction; BackgroundMyocardial infarction (MI) elicits an intense acute inflammatory response that is essential for cardiac repair. However, an excessive inflammatory response also favors myocardial apoptosis, cardiac remodeling, and cardiovascular mortality. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (-3) bear anti-inflammatory effects, which may mitigate the inflammatory response during MI. This study investigated whether -3 intake is associated with attenuation of the MI-related inflammatory response and cardiac remodeling.MethodsST-elevation MI (STEMI) patients (n=421) underwent clinical, biochemical, nutritional, 3D echocardiogram, Cardiac Magnetic Resonance imaging (CMRi) at 30days and 3D echocardiogram imaging at six months after the MI. Blood tests were performed at day one (D1) and day five (D5) of hospitalization. Changes in inflammatory markers (D5-D1) were calculated. A validated food frequency questionnaire estimated the nutritional consumption and -3 intake in the last 3months before admission.ResultsThe intake of -3 below the median (<1.7g/day) was associated with a short-term increase in hs-C-reactive protein [OR:1.96(1.24-3.10); p=0.004], Interleukin-2 [OR:2.46(1.20-5.04); p=0.014], brain-type natriuretic peptide [OR:2.66(1.30-5.44); p=0.007], left-ventricle end-diastolic volume [OR:5.12(1.11-23.52)]; p=0.036] and decreases in left-ventricle ejection fraction [OR:2.86(1.47-6.88); p=0.017] after adjustment for covariates. No differences were observed in the extension of infarcted mass obtained by CMRi.ConclusionThese findings suggest that a reduced daily intake of -3 may intensify outcome-determining mechanisms after STEMI, such as acute inflammatory response and late left ventricular remodeling.Trial registrationClinical Trial Registry number and website: NCT02062554.
JCL roundtable: Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular outcomes; The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCEIT) in 2018 demonstrated the value of an omega-3 fatty acid formulation, icosapent ethyl (eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester) for preventive treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). This JCL Roundtable discussion brings together three experts to explore the origins and implications of REDUCE-IT and more broadly omega-3 fatty acids for mitigation of ASCVD risk. REDUCE-IT achieved a highly significant 25% reduction of major adverse cardiovascular events. It is the first trial of a triglyceride-lowering drug to gain unequivocal success in high-risk patients treated intensively with statins. It corroborates positive results from an earlier major trial using eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl ester, the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (DELIS), which included hypercholesterolemic subjects treated with low-dose statin mostly in primary prevention. Together these studies mark a new avenue for preventive treatment of ASCVD. Omega-3 fatty acids also show some promise, though less decisively, for reducing inflammation and cardiovascular mortality in a broader context. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of National Lipid Association.
Omega-3 fatty acids: Benefits for cardio-cerebro-vascular diseases; Background and purpose: Intracranial artery stenosis (ICAS) is a narrowing of an intracranial artery, which is a common etiology for ischemic stroke. In this commentary, we review key aspects of the discrimination between non-stroke controls and ischemic stroke patients on the background of phospholipid omega 3-fatty acid (DHA, EPA) composition. The discussion is embedded in the presentation of general effects of long-chain omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in cardio-cerebro-vascular diseases (CCVDs) and Alzheimer dementia (AD).
Intakes of omega-3 fatty acids and risks of all-cause and cause-specific mortality in people with diabetes: a cohort study based on NHANES 1999-2014; Aims Intake of omega-3 fatty acids is associated with several health benefits, but the specific benefits in populations with diabetes have yet to be elucidated. Therefore, this study aimed to explore the relationship between intake of omega-3 fatty acids and mortality in people with diabetes. Methods This was a prospective cohort study and included 4854 participants with diabetes (mean age, 57.92 years; 50.9% male) from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1999-2014). Eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid intake were used as alternative markers of omega-3 fatty acids intake and calculated based on the sum of the 24-h dietary recall interviews and dietary supplements. Mortality data were ascertained by linkage to National Death Index records by December 31, 2015. Cox proportional hazard models and restricted cubic spline were used to assess the relationship between EPA and DHA intake and all-cause and cause-specific mortality. Statistical analyses were performed using R 4.2.0 software. Results Compared with participants with a lower EPA + DHA intake, participants who had a higher EPA + DHA intake tended to be Non-Hispanic Black; were more likely to be obese; and had higher daily energy intake and family income. During 34,386 person-years of follow-up, 1102 deaths were documented, including 266 cardiovascular disease deaths and 152 cancer deaths. In multivariable regression analyses with adjustment of confounding factors, higher EPA + DHA intake was significantly and linearly related to lower all-cause mortality: there was a 25% reduced risk of all-cause mortality. Conclusions Higher omega-3 fatty acid intake was independently related to lower all-cause mortality in individuals with diabetes, suggesting an adequate intake of omega-3 fatty acids may prevent premature death among the population with diabetes.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid nutrition on mortality in septic patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: A previous systematic review and meta-analysis reported that omega-3 fatty acids nutrition may reduce mortality in septic patients. As new randomized controlled trials began to accumulate, we conducted an update.
Low levels of cellular omega-3 increase the risk of ventricular fibrillation during the acute ischaemic phase of a myocardial infarction; Aim of the study: Animal studies have demonstrated evidence of an anti-arrhythmic effect of marine n-3 fatty acids (FAs). In humans the same mechanism may explain the observed reduction in sudden cardiac death (SCD) associated with intake of fish. Whether high levels of n-3 FAs could protect against ventricular fibrillation (VF) during the acute ischaemic phase of a myocardial. infarction (MI) is, however, not known.
New Areas of Interest: Is There a Role for Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Patients With Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease?; Purpose of ReviewSummarize studies on omega-3 fatty acids in prevention of albuminuria in subjects with diabetes.Recent FindingsSeveral small, short-term trials suggested benefit on albuminuria in subjects with diabetes; however, results were not definitive. Welty et al. showed that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for 1year slowed progression of early-stage albuminuria in subjects with diabetes with clinical coronary artery disease on an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin-receptor blocker, the majority of whom had an albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR)<30g/mg. Moreover, significantly more (3-fold) subjects on EPA and DHA had a decrease in ACR compared to control, and three on EPA and DHA had a change in category from >30g/mg to <30g/mg, whereas no controls did. Potential mechanisms for benefit are discussed.SummaryThese results suggest that there is benefit and perhaps even reversal of albuminuria with EPA and DHA at an early stage of disease in those with ACR<30g/mg and those with microalbuminuria (ACR>30).
Erythrocyte ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are inversely associated with the risk of oral cancer: a case-control study; Objectives Evidence about omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) and oral cancer risk were limited. We aimed to evaluate the association of erythrocyte omega-3 PUFAs with the risk of oral cancer in a population from China. Methods Erythrocyte omega-3 PUFAs of 236 oral cancer patients and 300 controls were determined by gas chromatography. Restricted cubic spline and logistic regression were used to analyze the association between erythrocyte omega-3 PUFAs and oral cancer risk. The crude and adjusted OR with 95% CI was calculated. Stratification analysis was performed to explore the potential interaction between omega-3 PUFAs and other traditional risk factors such as smoking and drinking. Results Eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) and omega-3 index were negatively but non-linearly related to risk of oral cancer as observed by restricted cubic spline. The adjustedORof EPA, DHA, and omega-3 index were 0.52 (95%CI: 0.35-0.76), 0.19 (95%CI: 0.08-0.44), 0.20 (95%CI:0.09-0.44), respectively. Stratification analysis showed that the adverse correlation between EPA and oral cancer was only significant in the non-smoking group, while the adverse correlation of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), EPA, and DHA were only significant in the non-drinking group. General multiplicative interactions were observed between omega-3 PUFAs and smoking or drinking. Conclusions Adverse but non-linear associations were observed between erythrocyte EPA, DHA, omega-3 index, and oral cancer risk. Additionally, there were multiplicative interactions between omega-3 PUFAs and other behavior factors such as smoking and drinking. The protective effect of omega-3 PUFAs maybe more significant in the non-smoking or non-drinking population.
Converging evidence in support of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as a potential therapy for Huntington's disease symptoms; Huntington's disease (HD) is a genetic, inex-orably fatal neurodegenerative disease. Patient average survivability is up to 20 years after the onset of symp-toms. Those who suffer from the disease manifest motor, cognitive, and psychiatric impairments. There is indi-rect evidence suggesting that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) could have alleviating effects on most of HD symptoms. These include beneficial effects against cachexia and weight loss, decrease of cognitive impairment over time, and improvement of psychiatric symptoms such as depression and irritability. Further-more, there is a positive correlation between con-sumption of omega-3 PUFAs in diets and prevalence of HD, as well as direct effects on the disease via release of serotonin. Unfortunately, to date, very few studies have examined the effects of omega-3 PUFAs in HD, both on the symptoms and on disease progression. This paper re-view s evidence in the literature suggesting that omega-3 PUFAs can be used in neurodegenerative disorders. This information can be extrapolated to support further research of omega-3 PUFAs and their potential use for HD treatment.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation improves neurologic recovery and attenuates white matter injury after experimental traumatic brain injury; Dietary supplementation with omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids is a safe, economical mean of preventive medicine that has shown protection against several neurologic disorders. The present study tested the hypothesis that this method is protective against controlled cortical impact (CCI). Indeed, mice fed with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-enriched diet for 2 months exhibited attenuated short and long-term behavioral deficits due to CCI. Although omega-3 PUFAs did not decrease cortical lesion volume, these fatty acids did protect against hippocampal neuronal loss after CCI and reduced pro-inflammatory response. Interestingly, omega-3 PUFAs prevented the loss of myelin basic protein (MPB), preserved the integrity of the myelin sheath, and maintained the nerve fiber conductivity in the CCI model. omega-3 PUFAs also directly protected oligodendrocyte cultures from excitotoxicity and blunted the microglial activation-induced death of oligodendrocytes in microglia/oligodendrocyte cocultures. In sum, omega-3 PUFAs elicit multifaceted protection against behavioral dysfunction, hippocampal neuronal loss, inflammation, and loss of myelination and impulse conductivity. The present report is the first demonstration that omega-3 PUFAs protect against white matter injury in vivo and in vitro. The protective impact of omega-3 PUFAs supports the clinical use of this dietary supplement as a prophylaxis against traumatic brain injury and other nervous system disorders.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of patients with cardiovascular diseases; For today there are convincing evidences of beneficial effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) - eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids - in a number of cardiovascular diseases. Efficacy of omega-3 PUFA was confirmed by results of the large-scale clinical trials. Data on omega-3 PUFA efficacy in heart failure and cardiac arrhythmia were received, besides their well-known hypolipidemic effect. Low level of omega-3 PUFA biomarker, omega-3 index (content of EPA and DHA in erythrocytes), is considered as a risk factor of coronary heart disease as well as a risk factor of fatal arrhythmias. Use of standardized medicinal product with high content of EPA and DHA leads to the positive therapeutic effect in patients with different cardiovascular diseases.
Cardiovascular risk and inflammation in a population with autoimmune diseases: a narrative review; Juvenile Systemic Connective Tissue Diseases (JSCTD) are a heterogeneous group of chronic autoimmune diseases, associated with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular risk are related. Studies from the last 10 years, from 2013 to 2022, on lipid profiles in JSCTD were collected. Different studies on lipid profiles in children affected by JSCTD were selected, because the aim is to analyze the cardiovascular risk and the possibility of atherosclerosis in these patients in whom, sometimes, corticosteroid therapies and immunosuppressants increase the state of dyslipidemia. Several studies have shown that autoimmune diseases with an inflammatory substrate also share abnormalities in lipid profile and increased cardiovascular risk. Specifically, associations have been found between Juvenile Systemic Connective Tissue Diseases and elevated triglycerides, TC-C (Total Cholesterol), LDL-C (Low-Density Lipoprotein), low HDL-C (High-Density Lipoprotein), and increased risk of developing diseases such as myocardial infarction, peripheral vascular disease, pulmonary and arterial hypertension, and atrial fibrillation. Supplementation with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on the other hand has also been analyzed with positive results in reducing inflammatory parameters, such as IL-6 (Interleukin-6), CRP (C-reactive protein), and fasting glucose, in subjects with dyslipidemia. These observations suggest that supplementation with ALA, an omega-3 precursor, may positively modulate both the inflammatory status and dyslipidemic conditions in patients with autoimmune disorders.
Recent select meta-analyses cast doubt on efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiovascular outcomes; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are commonly consumed for their potential health benefits, one being cardiovascular disease prevention. This article examines the results of recent meta analyses evaluating the cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 PUFAs. The majority of these analyses show mixed results, which has caused some clinicians and patients to question the benefit of omega-3 PUFAs in preventing cardiovascular outcomes. In conclusion, additional clinical trials with adequate study design could help clear up some of the mixed data that is currently published in terms of omega-3 PUFAs and cardiovascular outcomes.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Reduce the Incidence of Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with History of Prior Myocardial Infarction Undergoing Isolated Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting; Introduction The impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) for prevention of atrial fibrillation (AF) is still part of a lively debate. The present study evaluates the impact of orally administered omega-3 ethyl ester concentrate (omega-3 PUFA) on postoperative onset of AF in patients with recent myocardial infarction (<= 3 months) undergoing isolated coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG).
Relation Between Red Blood Cell Omega-3 Fatty Acid Index and Bleeding During Acute Myocardial Infarction; Omega-3 fatty acids have multiple cardiovascular benefits but may also inhibit platelet aggregation and increase bleeding risk. If this platelet inhibition is clinically meaningful, patients with the highest omega-3 indexes (red blood cell eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid), which reflect long-term omega-3 fatty acid intake, should be at the risk for bleeding. In this study, 1,523 patients from 24 United States centers who had their omega-3 indexes assessed at the time of acute myocardial infarction were studied. The rates of serious bleeding (Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] major or minor) and mild to moderate bleeding (TIMI minimal) were identified in patients with low (<4%), intermediate (4% to 8%), and high (>8%) omega-3 indices. There were no differences in bleeding across omega-3 index categories. After multivariate adjustment, there remained no association between the omega-3 index and either serious (per 2% increase, relative risk 1.03, 95% confidence interval 0.90 to 1.19) or mild to moderate bleeding (per 2% increase, relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval 0.85 to 1.23). In conclusion, no relation was found between the omega-3 index and bleeding in this large, multicenter cohort of patients with acute myocardial infarction, suggesting that concerns about bleeding should not preclude the use of omega-3 supplements or increased fish consumption when clinically indicated. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2012;109:13-18)
The Role of n-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease: Back to the Future; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major cause of death and disability worldwide, and residual risk after implementing all current therapies is still high. In this context, the latest (2016) European Cardiology Society/European Atherosclerosis Society guidelines recommend that triglyceride (TG)-lowering drugs should be used in high-risk patients with TGs levels >2.3 mmol/L (200 mg/dL), after lifestyle measures fail to lower them. After several neutral CVD outcome trials with n-3 fatty acids, the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with EPA-Intervention Trial met its primary end point, that is, among patients with elevated TGs levels despite the use of statins, the risk of ischemic events, including cardiovascular death, was significantly lower in those who received 4 g of icosapent ethyl daily. In this review, we comment on the findings of previous and recently published randomized controlled CVD outcome trials assessing n-3 fatty acids supplementation. Both efficacy and safety, as well as future perspectives, are discussed.
Association of fish consumption and dietary intake of marine <i>n</i>-3 PUFA with myocardial infarction in a prospective Danish cohort study; Several studies have investigated the potential benefits of marine n-3 PUFA in CVD, generally suggesting a lower risk of CHD. However, recent trials have questioned these results. This study investigated the association of fish consumption with dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFA with incident myocardial infarction (MI). In a Danish cohort study, 57 053 subjects between 50 and 64 years of age were enrolled from 1993 to 1997. From national registries, we identified all cases of incident MI. Dietary fish consumption was assessed using a semi-quantitative food questionnaire, including twenty-six questions regarding fish intake. In addition, we calculated the intake of total and individual marine n-3 PUFA. During a median follow-up of 170 years, we identified 3089 cases of incident MI. For both men and women, a high intake of fatty fish was inversely related to incident MI. Thus, when comparing the highest and the lowest quintile of fatty fish intake, we found a 12 % lower relative risk of MI in men (hazard ratio (HR) 088; 95 % CI 077, 100) and a 22 % lower relative risk in women (HR 078; 95 % CI 063, 096) after adjustments. For women, similar associations were observed for individual and total marine n-3 PUFA. In contrast, intake of lean fish was not associated with MI. In conclusion, incident MI was inversely related to a high intake of fatty fish, but not lean fish. However, test for trends across quintiles was not statistically significant. In general, this study supports the view that consumption of fatty fish may protect against MI.
N-3 Fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: Actions and molecular mechanisms; Cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Epidemiological studies and randomized control intervention trials have reported that n-3 fatty acids reduce cardiovascular events. A variety of biologic and molecular effects of n-3 fatty acids can modulate the mechanisms of development and progression of atherosclerosis. These include n-3 fatty acid effects on inflammation, cardiac excitability, platelet function, triglyceride blood levels, blood pressure and the stability of atheroma plaques. The molecular mechanisms are still not fully defined; but might involve changes in membrane fluidity, receptor responses and binding to intracellular receptors regulating gene transcription. Understanding and elucidating these mechanisms is important to development of future strategies for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A randomized clinical trial on <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation and all-cause mortality in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk; Background The benefit of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation for mortality and cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction is well documented, but the effect of n-3 PUFA in Caucasians without established cardiovascular disease is not known. Our aim was to examine the influence of supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events in elderly men at high-risk of cardiovascular disease.
Fish and shellfish consumption in relation to death from myocardial infarction among men in Shanghai, China; Between 1986 and 1989, 18,244 men aged 45-64 years in Shanghai, China, participated in a prospective study of diet and cancer. All participants completed an in-person, structured interview and provided blood and urine samples. As of September 1, 1998, 113 deaths from acute myocardial infarction were identified. After analyses were adjusted for age, total energy intake, and known cardiovascular disease risk factors, men who consumed greater than or equal to 200 g of fish/shellfish per week had a relative risk of 0.41 (95% confidence interval: 0.22, 0.78) for fatal acute myocardial infarction compared with men consuming < 50 g per week. Similarly, dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids derived from seafood also was significantly associated with reduced mortality from myocardial infarction. Neither dietary seafood nor n-3 fatty acid intake was associated with a reduced risk of death from stroke or ischemic heart disease other than acute myocardial infarction. However, approximately a 20% reduction in total mortality associated with weekly fish/shellfish intake was observed in the study population (relative risk = 0.79, 95% confidence interval: 0.69, 0.91). These prospective data suggest that eating fish and shellfish weekly reduces the risk of fatal myocardial infarction in middle-aged and older men in Shanghai, China.
Relationship between circulating n-3 fatty acid concentrations and endothelial function in early adulthood; Aims Fish consumption is inversely associated with cardiovascular mortality, presumably because of n-3 fatty acids in fish. Whether the protection of n-3 fatty acids extends beyond clinical coronary disease to influence the early vascular biology of atherosclerosis remains unclear. This study determined whether circulating levels of n-3 fatty acids are associated with vascular endothelial function in early adulthood.
Effects of a purified krill oil phospholipid rich in long-chain omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular disease risk factors in nonhuman primates with naturally occurring diabetes type-2 and dyslipidemia; Background: High serum levels of cholesterol, in particular low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, are considered a significant risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease. Therefore, rigorous treatment regimens with statins and other pharmaceuticals have been used extensively to reduce elevated cholesterol levels. Literature data have not clearly concluded whether long-chain omega-3 fatty acids reduce, increase or leave circulating cholesterol unaffected. In the present study a novel krill-oil derived preparation of omega-3 rich phospholipids, mainly phosphatidylcholine, was administered orally at increasing doses for 12 weeks to dyslipidemic non-human primates, and cholesterols and several other risk factors for cardiovascular disease were measured before, during and after treatment.
A review of clinical trials in dietary interventions to decrease the incidence of coronary artery disease; Of the associations between dietary elements and coronary artery disease (CAD), the greatest body of evidence deals with the beneficial effect of reducing the dietary intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. Furthermore, it is well established, on the basis of convincing evidence, that reduction in serum total cholesterol results in reduction in coronary morbidity and mortality, as well as in regression of other atherosclerotic manifestations. In fact, dietary intervention studies revealed that it is possible to reduce the incidence of coronary death and nonfatal myocardial infarction, as well as manifestations of atherosclerosis in cerebral and peripheral arteries, by reducing dietary intake of saturated fat and cholesterol. In two recently reported dietary interventions the incidence of coronary events, especially coronary mortality, and total mortality were reduced by increased intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and by a modification of the diet toward a Mediterranean-type diet (rich in alpha-linolenic acid. In addition to those findings, the potential efficacy of the dietary newcomers phytostanol and phytosterol esters on reducing coronary incidence is discussed in the present review.
Stearidonic acid: an omega-3 fatty acid from plant origin with great potential in health and nutrition; Healthy benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosa-pentaenoic acid (20:5, EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6, DHA) are widely known. They are available in food from marine origin, being fish the main dietary supplier. However, taking into account the international dietary guidelines, fish consumption is very low in Chile and other countries. For this reason, food industry is recently focusing on stearidonic acid (18:4, SDA), a C18-omega-3 fatty acid available in the oil extracted from certain plant species, and that acts as an EPA and DHA precursor in the human metabolism. Metabolic conversion rate of SDA into EPA is much higher than that of -linolenic acid (18:3, ALA), which is the main omega-3 fatty acid in terrestrial plant sources. SDA supplementation provides several beneficial effects for human health according to the evidence. This paper describes such effects and the potential of some wild plants as SDA supplier.
Fatty fish, marine ω-3 fatty acids and incidence of heart failure; Background/Objectives: Marine omega-3 fatty acids have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors. Consumption of fatty fish and marine omega-3 has been associated with lower rates of cardiovascular diseases. We examined the association of fatty fish and marine omega-3 with heart failure (HF) in a population of middle-aged and older women.
Serum fatty acid analysis and digestibility study in the Vancouver Island marmot (<i>Marmota vancouverensis</i>) fed a captive diet supplemented with α-linolenic acid; Mammals that hibernate must rely on endogenous lipid reserves to survive over winter. This study was conducted to compare the difference in serum fatty acid composition, dietary intake. and apparent digestibility in the Vancouver Island marmot (N=6) fed the Metro Zoo lagomorph diet supplemented with alpha -linolenic acid [C(18:3) n-3 (alpha -LA)]. The experiment was designed as a 3 x 3 Latin square with three 17-day collection periods. The test diets contained 12.16. 14.85, and 17.05% alpha -LA as a percentage of fatty acids in the diet supplied through the addition of flaxseed oil (similar to 53% alpha -LA). Across treatments, dry matter intake (g/d), dry matter digestibility, apparent fat digestibility, and apparent neutral detergent fiber digestibility did not differ significantly (P>0.05). There were no significant differences in serum alpha -LA concentration between the three levels of alpha -LA supplementation. However, this supplementation did elevate serum alpha -LA, eicosapentaenoic acid [C20:5 (n-3)], and docosahexaenoic acid [C22:6 (n-3)] levels compared with feeding the basal zoo lagomorph diet (P<0.05). Thus, supplementation of the basal zoo lagomorph diet with <alpha>-LA elevated the serum levels of essential fatty acids in the Vancouver Island marmot. Zoo Biol 20:251-259,2001. (C) 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Omega-3 intake in people with epilepsy under regular hemodialysis program: here to stay; Among the many risk factors suggested for sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), higher frequency of seizures is a very consistent issue. Furthermore, it has been established that hemodialysis-associated seizure is a complication of the dialysis procedure. Thus, since a possible relation between cardiovascular abnormalities and SUDEP among patients with chronic renal insufficiency in regular hemodialysis program should not be neglected, we propose in this paper that omega-3 fatty acids offer opportunities for prevention of sudden cardiac death or improved treatment in people with epilepsy under the regular hemodialysis program.
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; It has long been recognized from epidemiological studies that Greenland Eskimos have substantially reduced rates of acute myocardial infarction (MI) compared with Western controls. From these epidemiological observations, the benefits of fatty fish consumption have been explored in cell culture and animal studies, as well as randomized controlled trials investigating the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids seem to stabilize the myocardium electrically, resulting in reduced susceptibility to ventricular arrhythmias, thereby reducing the risk of sudden death. These fatty acids also have potent anti-inflammatory effects, and may also be antithrombotic and anti-atherogenic. Furthermore, the recent GISSI-Prevention study of 11 324 patients showed a marked decrease in risk of sudden cardiac death as well as a reduction in all-cause mortality in the group taking a highly purified form of omega-3 fatty acids, despite the use of other secondary prevention drugs, including beta-blockers and lipid-lowering therapy. The use of omega-3 fatty acids should be considered as part of a comprehensive secondary prevention strategy post-myocardial infarction.
Modulation of apoptosis-related microRNAs following myocardial infarction in <i>fat-1</i> transgenic mice vs wild-type mice; Background
EFFECTS OF FLUOXETINE WITH AND WITHOUT OMEGA-3 FATTY ACID EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID ON CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE RISK IN DEPRESSIVE PATIENTS; INTRODUCTION: Depression seems to be an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Little is known about the effects of treatment of depression on CAD risk factors. The objective of this study was to determine whether cardiac risk is altered following 8 weeks of treatment of depression with fluoxetine. A secondary aim was to examine whether an omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus fluoxetine affected the change in CAD risk compared with fluoxetine alone.
Antiatherosclerotic and antithrombotic effects of omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids from both marine and plant sources have been shown to reduce the risk of coronary artery disease death. Although their beneficial cardiovascular effects are thought to be due to their antiarrhythmic properties, omega-3 fatty acids also have been shown to have a wide range of antiatherosclerotic and antithrombotic effects in animal and human studies. Review of the findings of randomized, controlled triaV published through August 2005 shows that omega-3 fatty acids of marine origin consistently lower elevated plasma triglyceride levels in a dose-dependent fashion, with greater efficacy at higher triglyceride levels. Smaller effects on lowering blood pressure, improving endothelial function, and increasing plasma levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were also found. No consistent effects on other lipid, hemostatic, inflammatory, glucose tolerance, or plaque stabilization parameters were found. Epidemiologic studies show more consistent reductions in the incidence of nonfatal myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke than do the clinical trials of increased omega-3 fatty acid intake, which suggests important confounding factors in observational studies. Ongoing clinical trials may clarify the non-antiarrhythmic benefits of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids and individual variability in plasma triglyceride response: A mini-review; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death worldwide. Supplementation with the marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is associated with lower CVD risk. However, results from randomized controlled trials that examine the effect of omega-3 supplementation on CVD risk are inconsistent. This risk-reducing effect may be mediated by reducing inflammation, oxidative stress and serum triglyceride (TG) levels. However, not all individuals respond by reducing TG levels after omega-3 supplementation. This inter-individual variability in TG response to omega-3 supplementation is not fully understood. Hence, we aim to review the evidence for how interactions between omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and genetic variants, epigenetic and gene expression profiling, gut microbiota and habitual intake of omega-3 fatty acids can explain why the TG response differs between individuals. This may contribute to understanding the current controversies and play a role in defining future personalized guidelines to prevent CVD.
The Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Reverse Cholesterol Transport: A Review; The beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on cardiovascular disease have been studied extensively. However, it remains unclear to what extent n-3 PUFAs may impact Reverse Cholesterol Transport (RCT). RCT describes a mechanism by which excess cholesterol from peripheral tissues is transported to the liver for hepatobiliary excretion, thereby inhibiting foam cell formation and the development of atherosclerosis. The aim of this review is to summarize the literature and to provide an updated overview of the effects of n-3 PUFAs on key players in RCT, including apoliprotein AI (apoA-I), ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1), ABCG1, apoE, scavenger receptor class B type I (SR-BI), cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLr), cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) and ABCG5/G8. Based on current knowledge, we conclude that n-3 PUFAs may beneficially affect RCT, mainly by influencing high-density lipoprotein (HDL) remodeling and by promoting hepatobiliary sterol excretion.
Depression and cardiovascular mortality: a role for n-3 fatty acids?; Background: Recent studies indicate that depression plays an important role in the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The underlying mechanisms are not well understood.
Effects of Supplemental Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>, Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Physical Performance Measures in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL; Context Declining muscle strength and performance in older adults are associated with falls, fractures, and premature death. Objective This work aimed to determine whether supplementation with vitamin D3 or omega-3 fatty acids vs placebo for 2 years improves physical performance measures. Methods VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) was a double-blinded, placebo-controlled randomized trial of supplemental vitamin D-3 and/or omega-3 fatty acids vs placebo in the prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease in 25 871 US adults. This ancillary study was completed in a New England subcohort that had in-person evaluations at baseline and 2-year follow-up. This study was conducted with 1054 participants (age: men >= 50 and women >= 55 years) at the Center for Clinical Investigations in Boston. Interventions included a 2 x 2 factorial design of supplemental vitamin D-3 (cholecalciferol, 2000 IU/day) and/or marine omega-3 fatty acids (1 g/day). Main outcome measures included 2-year changes in physical performance measures of grip strength, walking speed, standing balance, repeated chair stands, and Timed-up and Go (TUG). Results At 2 years, all randomized groups showed worsening walking speeds and TUG. There were no differences in changes in grip strength, walking speeds, Short Physical Performance Battery (composite of walking speed, balance, and chair stands), and TUG between the vitamin D3-treated and the placebo-treated groups and between the omega-3-treated and the placebo-treated groups. Effects overall did not vary by sex, age, body mass index, or baseline measures of total or free 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) or plasma omega-3 index; TUG slightly worsened with vitamin D supplementation, compared to placebo, in participants with baseline total 25(OH)D levels above the median (P = .01; P for interaction = .04). Conclusion Neither supplemental vitamin D3 nor marine omega-3 fatty acids for 2 years improved physical performance in this generally healthy adult population.
ω-3 polyunsatured fatty acids role in postmyocardial infarction therapy; Largely initiated by studies among Eskimos in the early 1970s, great attention has been given to possible effects of omega-3 polyunsatured fatty acids (PUFA) in cardiovacular diseases. A series of positive effects on pathogenetic mechanisms of cardiovascular disease has been discovered from laboratory studies in cell cultures, animal models and in humans. omega-3 PUFA can reduce platelets and leucocytes activities as well as plasma triglycerides. Moreover they can have antiarrhythmic properties. Nowadays patients who experienced myocardial infarction have decreased risk of total and cardiovascular mortality by treatment with omega-3 PUFA (1 g daily). This effect is present irrespective of high or low fish intake or simultaneous intake of other drugs for secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. Mainly on the basis of GISSI Prevention trial results, dietary supplementation with omega-3 PUFA is now recommended as a new component of secondary prevention after myocardial infarction in national and international guidelines.
Predictors of Omega-3 Index in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction; OBJECTIVE: To Identify the patient and dietary characteristics associated with low omega-3 levels in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and determine whether these characteristics are useful to identify patients who may benefit from omega-3 testing and treatment.
The effect of dietary ω-3 fatty acids on coronary atherosclerosis -: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Epidemiologic studies, studies of mechanisms of action, and many animal studies indicate that dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids has antiatherosclerotic potential. Few trials in humans have examined this potential.
Omega-3 supplementation and heart failure: A meta-analysis of 12 trials including 81,364 participants; Heart failure (HF) remains a leading cause of hospitalization and mortality. Marine omega-3 fatty acid supplements (omega-3 s) have shown efficacy in decreasing sudden cardiac death and improving the left ventricle ejection fraction percent (LVEF%). In this review, we evaluated the effect of marine omega-3 fatty acid supplements (omega-3 s) on HF hospitalization, recurrent HF hospitalization, and cardiovascular mortality in patients with heart failure. We found that omega-3 supplementation did not reduce first HF hospitalization or cardiovascular mortality but did significantly reduce recurrent HF hospitalizations, as compared with placebo.
ω-3 and ω-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Obesity and Cancer; Recently, nutraceutical bioactive compounds in foods have been discovered for their potential health benefits regarding the prevention of chronic disorders, such as cancer, and inflammatory, cardiovascular, and metabolic diseases. Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3PUFAs), including alpha-linolenic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid, are mostly attractive. They are available for the customers worldwide from commonly used foods and/or as components of commercial food supplements. The anti-inflammatory and hypotriglyceridemic effects of these fatty acids are well known, whereas pro-inflammatory properties have been recognized in their dietary counterparts, the omega-6PUFAs. Both omega-3 and omega-6PUFAs contribute to the production of lipid mediators such as endocannabinoids that are notably involved in control of food intake, energy sensing, and food-related disorders. In this review, we present omega-3 and omega-6PUFAs and their derivatives, endocannabinoids; discuss the anti-obesity effects of omega-3PUFAs; their roles in inflammation and colorectal cancer development; and how their action can be co-preventative and co-therapeutic.
Omega-3 fatty acids in atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have emerged as possible protective factors associated with a decreased risk for myocardial infarction in populations with a high marine food intake, which may relate to effects on lipid metabolism, thrombosis and inflammation. Omega-3 fatty acids decrease triglyceride levels and also compete as substrates for enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of lipid mediators. The balance between omega-3-derived specialized proresolving mediators and pro-inflammatory lipid mediators from arachidonic acid metabolism can be measured as the resolvin-to-leukotriene ratio, which has been shown to predict subclinical atherosclerosis. The results of experimental, observational and randomized studies of omega-3 fatty acids are somewhat variable and should be interpreted in view of the models used and the populations studied.
Impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on coronary plaque instability: An integrated backscatter intravascular ultrasound study; Objective: To assess the impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFAs) on coronary plaque instability.
Cardiovascular effects of omega-3 fatty acids: Hope or hype?; Omega-3 fatty acids have emerged as a new option for controlling the residual risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the statin era after a clinical trial (REDUCE-IT) reported positive results with icosapent ethyl (IPE) in patients receiving maximally tolerated statin therapy. However, another trial which used high dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) combination (STRENGTH) has failed. Together, these results raise clinically important questions. Are effects of omega-3 fatty acids neutral or beneficial in patients on statin therapy, or perhaps even harmful? The current contradictory results could be attributed to different types of omega-3 fatty acids (only EPA or combination of EPA + DHA), doses (higher vs. lower dose) of omega-3 fatty acids or different comparators (corn oil or mineral oil), as well as the underlying severity of the CVD risk or use of statins.
Atrial fibrillation and its complications in arterial hypertension: The potential preventive role of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common type of arrhythmia in the general population with a prevalence that reaches one third of patients with arterial hypertension. Several risk factors frequently associated with hypertension predispose the myocardium to AF by inducing atrial inflammation and fibrosis and altering atrial electrical and mechanical characteristics. AF influences the quality of life of hypertensive patients since it increases incidence of stroke and other thromboembolic events, and mortality. Polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 family (omega-3 PUFA) have been demonstrated to be beneficial in cardiovascular disease prevention by reducing plasma lipids and blood pressure levels and decreasing the risk of sudden death. These fatty acids can act as potent anti-inflammatory and anti-arrhythmic agents. Many studies have investigated a possible preventive effect of omega-3 PUFA on incident AF reporting contradictory results. This article overviews the evidence currently available on this important topic and provides some conclusive remarks on the possibility that these fatty acids could be beneficial in hypertensive patients.
Effects of Moderate-Dose Omega-3 Fish Oil on Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Mood After Ischemic Stroke A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Background and Purpose-Fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids have long been associated with cardiovascular protection. In this trial, we assessed whether treatment with a guideline-recommended moderate-dose fish oil supplement could improve cardiovascular biomarkers, mood- and health-related quality of life in patients with ischemic stroke.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids in the proteome of high-density lipoprotein proteome; Background: Omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) have demonstrated to be beneficial in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, however, the mechanisms by which they perform their cardiovascular protection have not been clarified. Intriguingly, some of these protective effects have also been linked to HDL. The hypothesis of this study was that omega-3 PUFAs could modify the protein cargo of HDL particle in a triglyceride non-dependent mode. The objective of the study was to compare the proteome of HDL before and after omega-3 PUFAs supplemented diet.
ω-3 Fatty Acids, Impaired Fetal Growth, and Cardiovascular Risk: Nutrition as Precision Medicine; Precision medicine refers to treatment or prevention strategies in a group of individuals identified by their phenotype or genotype. Dietary components or patterns may play an important role in precision medicine. There is emerging evidence to support a role for n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids in lowering blood pressure and reducing the extent of subclinical atherosclerosis in people born with impaired fetal growth, a group at increased risk of coronary artery disease partly due to an increased risk of hypertensive disorders. The evidence linking n-3 fatty acid intake with less atherosclerosis and lower blood pressure in people with impaired fetal growth has been derived from studies in young children, adolescents, and adults and has included dietary assessments by questionnaires and circulating biomarkers. Furthermore, results appear to be similar for shorter chain n-3 fatty acids from plant sources and long-chain n-3 fatty acids from marine sources. The general framework used to develop this evidence, consisting of hypothesis-driven analyses from observational studies and post hoc analyses of a randomized clinical trial, before a priori testing as a primary outcome in randomized trials, is presented and proposed as a potential model for the identification and development of dietary precision medicine strategies.
Omega-3 fatty acids in secondary prevention after myocardial infarct; El Summary The ESC (European Society of Cardiology) recommends treatment with highly concentrated omega-3 fatty acids after myocardial infarction. By daily application of 1 g 84% EPA/DHA-ethyl ester the mortality rate is significantly reduced as shown in the GISSI-Prevenzione study. The main reason for this protective effect is the serum concentration of EPA/DHA which can be adjusted by this dosage. On account of this fact the number of fatal arrhythmias decreases. Concerning secondary prevention omega-3 fatty acids must be given in this form continuously, otherwise a clinically effective level of fatty acids cannot be achieved. Therefore the application of EPA/DHA-ethyl esters should be preferred, because in this case the serum's level can be kept on a sufficiently high level as a result of their more prolonged release.
EFFICACY OF A LIPID-LOWERING DIET ON KEY FATTY ACID RATIOS AND OMEGA-3 INDEX IN HYPERLIPIDEMIC SUBJECTS; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) dietary intake, status and serum key fatty acid (FA) ratios may aid in cardiovascular disease-related risk assessment. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of lipid-lowering diet on key FA ratios in serum phospholipids and omega-3 index in erythrocyte phospholipids in moderately hyperlipidemic subjects. The study included 41 subjects, mean age 56 +/- 6 years. Nutritional habits were evaluated by food frequency questionnaire. Participants followed lipid lowering diet for 12 weeks. Energy intake of omega-6 and omega-3 FA was changed from 7.6% and 0.6% to 5.7% and 1.2%, respectively. Marked decrease in four FA ratios in serum phospholipids, i.e., omega-6/omega-3, arachidonic acid (AA)/eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), AA/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), AA/(EPA+DHA) and omega-3 index (EPA+DHA) was found in study subjects after lipid-lowering diet. Total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)/ HDL and triacylglycerol/HDL-cholesterol ratios positively correlated with all FA ratios, and negatively correlated with total omega-3 levels in serum phospholipids and omega-3 index in erythrocytes. Total serum omega-3 levels showed strongest association with lipoprotein ratios and positive correlation with homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index. In conclusion, lipid-lowering diet resulted in decreased serum key FA ratios, increased omega-3 levels, and improved insulin sensitivity that may lead to a lower risk of cardiovascular disease in subjects with moderate hyperlipidemia.
Effects of a high-dose concentrate of n-3 fatty acids or corn oil introduced early after an acute myocardial infarction on serum triacylglycerol and HDL cholesterol; Background: Results of epidemiologic studies and clinical trials indicate that moderate doses of n-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and may improve prognosis.
Validation of an equation predicting highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA) compositions of human blood fractions from dietary intakes of both HUFAs and their precursors; Proportions of omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) in 20- and 22-carbon highly unsaturated fatty acids with 3 or more double bonds (HUFA) accumulated in tissue HUFA (e.g., the %n-6 in HUFA) are biomarkers reflecting intakes of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids. An empirical equation, referred to here as the Lands' Equation, was developed previously to use dietary intakes of n-6 and n-3 HUFA and their 18-carbon precursors to estimate the %n-6 in HUFA of humans. From the PubMed database, we identified clinical trials reporting (a) dietary intake of at least linoleic acid (18:2n-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3), and (b) the amounts of at least arachidonic acid (20:4n-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) in lipids of plasma, serum, or red blood cell. Linear regression analyses comparing reported and predicted %n-6 in HUFA gave a correlation coefficient of 0.73 (p < 0.000000) for 34 studies with 92 subject groups. These results indicate that circulating HUFA compositions can be reliably estimated from dietary intake data that not only includes n-3 and n-6 HUFA consumption, but also includes consumption of 18 carbon n-3 and n-6 precursor fatty acids.
A high omega-3 fatty acid diet rapidly changes the lipid composition of cardiac tissue and results in cardioprotection; The present study was designed to ascertain the effects of 3 diets with different omega-3/6 fatty acid ratios on infarct size and the modifications that these diets induce in the lipid composition of cardiac tissue. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed omega-3/6 fatty acid diets with 1:1, 1:5, or 1:20 ratios for at least 10 days, followed by occlusion of the left anterior descending artery for 40 min and 24 h of reperfusion. Infarct size was significantly smaller in the 1:1 group than in the other groups. Significantly higher concentrations of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were found in the 1:1 group than in the other groups. Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels were similar between groups, although they were higher in the 1:5 and 1:20 groups than in the 1:1 group. Margaric acid concentrations were higher in the 1:1 group than in the other groups. Docosahexaenoic acid levels in cardiac tissue and infarct size were significantly correlated with no other significant links being apparent. The present study indicated that a 1:1 omega-3/6 fatty acid ratio protected against ischemia and was associated with increased omega-3 fatty acid composition of cardiac tissue.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids May Attenuate Streptozotocin-Induced Pancreatic β-Cell Death via Autophagy Activation in Fat1 Transgenic Mice; Background: Inflammatory factors and beta-cell dysfunction due to high-fat diets aggravate chronic diseases and their complications. However, omega-3 dietary fats have anti-inflammatory effects, and the involvement of autophagy in the etiology of diabetes has been reported. Therefore, we examined the protective effects of autophagy on diabetes using fat-1 transgenic mice with omega-3 self-synthesis capability.
n-3 PUFA Esterified to Glycerol or as Ethyl Esters Reduce Non-Fasting Plasma Triacylglycerol in Subjects with Hypertriglyceridemia: A Randomized Trial; To date, treatment of hypertriglyceridemia with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) has been investigated solely in fasting and postprandial subjects. However, non-fasting triacylglycerols are more strongly associated with risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of long-chain n-3 PUFA on non-fasting triacylglycerol levels and to compare the effects of n-3 PUFA formulated as acylglycerol (AG-PUFA) or ethyl esters (EE-PUFA). The study was a double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled interventional trial, and included 120 subjects with non-fasting plasma triacylglycerol levels of 1.7-5.65 mmol/L (150-500 mg/dL). The participants received approximately 3 g/day of AG-PUFA, EE-PUFA, or placebo for a period of eight weeks. The levels of non-fasting plasma triacylglycerols decreased 28 % in the AG-PUFA group and 22 % in the EE-PUFA group (P < 0.001 vs. placebo), with no significant difference between the two groups. The triacylglycerol lowering effect was evident after four weeks, and was inversely correlated with the omega-3 index (EPA + DHA content in erythrocyte membranes). The omega-3 index increased 63.2 % in the AG-PUFA group and 58.5 % in the EE-PUFA group (P < 0.001). Overall, the heart rate in the AG-PUFA group decreased by three beats per minute (P = 0.045). High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased in the AG-PUFA group (P < 0.001). Neither total nor non-HDL cholesterol changed in any group. Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (LpPLA2) decreased in the EE-PUFA group (P = 0.001). No serious adverse events were observed. Supplementation with long-chain n-3 PUFA lowered non-fasting triacylglycerol levels, suggestive of a reduction in cardiovascular risk. Regardless of the different effects on heart rate, HDL, and LpPLA2 that were observed, compared to placebo, AG-PUFA, and EE-PUFA are equally effective in reducing non-fasting triacylglycerol levels.
Treatment with ω-3 fatty acids reduces serum C-reactive protein concentration; Background: Studies have demonstrated that patients with diets high in omega-3 fatty acids have a lower risk of adverse cardiovascular events. C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of inflammation, is a strong predictor of future cardiovascular events. omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties. However, there is a paucity of data examining the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on CRP levels. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial tested the hypothesis that treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) would reduce serum high-sensitivity CRP levels. Materials & methods: Fifty three patients with elevated baseline CRP (>= 3 mg/l) were randomized to n-3 PUFA (27 patients) or placebo (26 patients). Patients with active infection, inflammatory disease, baseline CRP >= 10 mg/l or those started on HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor therapy during the study period were excluded. The primary end point was CRP level following 8 weeks of treatment. Results: After 8 weeks of treatment with the study drug, the median CRP level in the n-3 PUFA group was 3.4 mg/l compared with 4.0 mg/l in the placebo group (p = 0.36). After controlling for baseline CRP, there was a significant percentage decrease in CRP from baseline in the n-3 PUFA group (-40.3%; p = 0.009) but not in the placebo group (-16.4%; p = 0.32) Conclusion: Treatment for 8 weeks with omega-3 fatty acids resulted in a significant percentage reduction of CRP levels as compared with baseline, a finding not seen with placebo.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated acids and cardiovascular disease: notable ethnic differences or unfulfilled promise?; The consumption of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated acids (PUFA) is considered to protect against cardiovascular disease and promote longevity following a heart attack. Historically, research in this area was fuelled by compelling reports of the cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 PUFA in select populations and cultures. More recent studies, in wider populations, suggest discordant findings: differences that are difficult to reconcile as the mechanism of action of omega-3 PUFA are poorly understood. As such, the use of this 'natural treatment' for cardiovascular disease is increasingly controversial, and potentially one of unfulfilled promise. To what extent does ethnicity influence the impact that omega-3 PUFA have on cardiovascular disease and its associated complications? We were interested to review the benefits of omega-3 PUFA in the management of cardiovascular risk amongst diverse ethnic groups. Using a systematic review of literature relating to omega-3 PUFA and cardiovascular disease, we found ethnicity to be a factor that accounts for inconsistency between studies. Some of the effects of omega-3 PUFA are limited to cultures with a very high omega-3 intake, and in turn, ethnicity moderates the efficiency with which PUFA are derived from the diet. Moreover, omega-3 PUFA are an important health care intervention in the current climate of globalization, where supplementation is likely to give protection to cultural groups undergoing dietary transition. Future epidemiological research into the efficacy of omega-3 PUFA in cardiovascular disease should consider the influence of ethnicity.
Association between dietary omega-3 intake and coronary heart disease among American adults: The NHANES, 1999-2018; Background Omega-3 has been extensively studied for its cardiovascular disease (CVD) benefits. However, the results of this evidence are inconsistent. Therefore, in this study, dietary omega-3 intake was investigated further in relation to coronary heart disease (CHD) risk among U.S. adults.Methods We used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) database for people ages 20 years and older between 1999 and 2018 to conduct a cross-sectional survey. The Medical Condition Questionnaire (MCQ) was used to determine CHD status. We measured dietary omega-3 intake using two 24-hour dietary recall interviews. Multivariate logistic regression and subgroup analysis were used to explore the correlation between dietary omega-3 intake and CHD. The dose-response relationship between the two was analyzed with a restricted cubic spline (RCS).Results 31,184 study subjects were included, of whom 1,604 (5.14%) were patients with CHD. By quintile (Q) of dietary omega-3 intake, after adjusting for all confounding factors, compared with Q1, when total dietary omega-3, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), eicosatetraenoic acid (ETA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexenoic acid (DHA) intake reached Q5, the odds ratio (95% confidence interval, CI) of CHD were 0.76 (0.60, 0.96), 0.73 (0.57, 0.94), 0.70 (0.54, 0.92), 0.66 (0.50, 0.85), 0.84 (0.69, 1.02), and 0.83 (0.64, 1.07), respectively, while EPA and DHA were not significantly associated with the disease (Trend p > 0.05). Intake of omega-3 and CHD were linearly related (P for nonlinear = 0.603). No significant interactions were found within subgroups except for the age group (P for interaction = 0.001). Sensitivity analysis and multivariate logistic regression results are generally in agreement.Conclusions Total dietary omega-3, ALA, DPA, and ETA intake were negatively associated with CHD risk. In contrast, EPA and DHA had no significant correlation with CHD.
Flaxseed on cardiovascular disease markers in healthy menopausal women:: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: Due to its high content of lignans, alpha-linolenic acid and fiber, flaxseed may reduce cardiovascular disease risk in humans. The present study evaluated the effect of flaxseed on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy menopausal women.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Heart Rhythm, Rate, and Variability in Atrial Fibrillation; BackgroundPrevious randomized control trials showed mixed results concerning the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) on atrial fibrillation (AF). The associations of n-3 FA blood levels with heart rhythm in patients with established AF are unknown. The goal of this study was to assess the associations of total and individual n-3 FA blood levels with AF type (paroxysmal versus nonparoxysmal), heart rate (HR), and HR variability in patients with AF. Methods and ResultsTotal n-3 FAs, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, and alpha-linolenic acid blood levels were determined in 1969 patients with known AF from the SWISS-AF (Swiss Atrial Fibrillation cohort). Individual and total n-3 FAs were correlated with type of AF, HR, and HR variability using standard logistic and linear regression, adjusted for potential confounders. Only a mild association with nonparoxysmal AF was found with total n-3 FA (odds ratio [OR], 0.97 [95% CI, 0.89-1.05]) and docosahexaenoic acid (OR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.82-1.06]), whereas other individual n-3 FAs showed no association with nonparoxysmal AF. Higher total n-3 FAs (estimate 0.99 [95% CI, 0.98-1.00]) and higher docosahexaenoic acid (0.99 [95% CI, 0.97-1.00]) tended to be associated with slower HR in multivariate analysis. Docosapentaenoic acid was associated with a lower HR variability triangular index (0.94 [95% CI, 0.89-0.99]). ConclusionsWe found no strong evidence for an association of n-3 FA blood levels with AF type, but higher total n-3 FA levels and docosahexaenoic acid might correlate with lower HR, and docosapentaenoic acid with a lower HR variability triangular index.
The Anti-Inflammatory Role of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Metabolites in Pre-Clinical Models of Psychiatric, Neurodegenerative, and Neurological Disorders; Inflammation has been identified as one of the main pathophysiological mechanisms underlying neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders. Despite the role of inflammation in those conditions, there is still a lack of effective anti-inflammatory therapeutic strategies. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can reduce depressive symptoms and exert anti-inflammatory action putatively by the production of distinct n-3 PUFA-derived metabolites, such as resolvins D (RvD) and E (RvE) series, maresins (MaR) and protectins (PD), which are collectively named specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs) and act as strong anti-inflammatory agents. In this review we summarize evidence showing the effects of treatment with those metabolites in pre-clinical models of psychiatric, neurodegenerative and neurological disorders. A total of 25 pre-clinical studies were identified using the PubMed database. Overall, RvD and RvE treatment improved depressive-like behaviors, whereas protectins and maresins ameliorated neurological function. On a cellular level, RvDs increased serotonin levels in a model of depression, and decreased gliosis in neurodegenerative disorders. Protectins prevented neurite and dendrite retraction and apoptosis in models of neurodegeneration, while maresins reduced cell death across all studies. In terms of mechanisms, all SPMs down-regulated pro-inflammatory cytokines. Resolvins activated mTOR and MAP/ERK signaling in models of depression, while resolvins and maresins activated the NF-kappa B pathway in models of neurodegeneration and neurological disorders. Our review indicates a potential promising approach for tailored therapy with n-3 PUFAs-derived metabolites in the treatment of psychiatric, neurodegenerative, and neurological conditions.
Defining nutritionally and environmentally healthy dietary choices of omega-3 fatty acids; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a primary cause of death in the U.S.; diet is a modifiable risk factor in the prevention and treatment of CVD. Omega-3 fatty acids are one dietary component that may reduce CVD-related risks. While oily fish is a good source of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA), enriched foods have been developed as alternatives for those who do not consume fish, for example, n-3 enriched eggs. Despite the health benefits of n-3 FA-rich foods, their production has substantial environmental impacts occurring over their production life cycle. In this study, life cycle assessment was conducted to compare the environmental characteristics of two common n-3 FA dietary sources, salmon and n-3 enriched eggs, and to evaluate the potential effects of increasing the n-3 FA intake from current daily consumption to the recommended amount equivalent to consuming two fatty fish meals per week (Le., 300 mg of n-3 FA). The product systems included all the main stages of the life cycle from feed production to final disposal. Results showed that although salmon presented higher midpoint (acidification, eutrophication and global warming potentials) and endpoint (disability-adjusted life year) impacts on a mass basis, it was a more sustainable option than n-3 eggs when the n-3 FA concentration was considered. Increasing the n-3 FA intake to fulfill the 300 mg target nearly doubled the associated environmental burdens. Furthermore, sensitivity analyses indicated that both the origin of salmon and supplement source for n-3 enriched eggs had significant effects on their environmental performance. This study can help make recommendations about healthy and sustainable choices of n-3 FA sources in the U.S. diet at reduced environmental costs, allowing the public to understand the associated impacts and take action to improve their eating habits. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of saturated, ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on myocardial infarction; Dietary fatty acids have cholesterol lowering, antiatherogenic, and antiarrhythmic properties that decrease the risk of myocardial infarction (MI). This study was designed to study the effects of various oils rich in either polyunsaturated (omega-3 or omega-6)fatty acids (PUFA) or saturated fatty acids (SFA) on the severity of experimentally induced MI. Male albino Sprague-Dawley rats (100-150 g; n = 20) were fed diets enriched with fish oil (omega-3 PUFA), peanut ail (omega-6 PUFA), or coconut ail (SFA) far 60 days. Experimental MI was induced with isoproterenol. Mortality razes; serum enzymes aspartate amino transferase; alanine amino transferase; creatine phosphokinase (CPK); lipid profiles in serum myocardium, and aorta; peroxide levels in heart and aorta; activities of catalase and superoxide dismutase; and levels of glutathione were measured. The results demonstrated that mortality rate, CPK levels, myocardial lipid peroxides, and glutathione levels were decreased n the omega-3 PUFA treated group. Maximum increase in parameters indicative of myocardial damage was seen in the coconut oil group. These findings suggest that dietary omega-3 PUFA offers maximum protection in experimentally induced MI in comparison to omega-6 PUFA and SFA enriched diets. SFA was found to have the feast protective effect. (J. Nutr. Biochem. 10:338-344; 1999) (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1999. All rights reserved.
OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS IN PATIENTS WITH HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIAS AND ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Along with increased levels of low-density cholesterol, lipid factors of the risk of cardiovascular complications (CVC) include hypertriglyceridemia, particularly increased plasma levels of remnant particles. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) are essential for normal functioning of cell membranes, retina, nerve tissue, skeletal muscles, etc. Among the large family of fatty acids (FA), eicosapentaenoic (EPC) and docosahexaenoic (DHX) FA are most studied. The beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFA consumption on the cardiovascular system is related with the improvement of blood rheology, antiarrhythmic and anti-inflammatory effects, and a decrease in triglycerides. Large randomized studies of omega-3 PUFA (mixed EPC and DHX or only EPC) have demonstrated their efficiency and safety and a capability for reducing the incidence of CVC and sudden death as well as the improvement of the prognosis in various patient populations. In the STRENGTH study (combination of omega-3 and statins), no significant decrease in the risk of CVC was achieved in patients with high triglycerides and low high-density lipoproteins. The omega-3 PUFA treatment is regulated by current international Guidelines and Consensuses as a part of combination therapy with statins for the reduction of the risk of CVC and the correction of pronounced hypertriglyceridemia.
CARDIOVASCULAR EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS: POSITION OF OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS IN RUSSIAN AND INTERNATIONAL GUIDELINES. COUNCIL OF EXPERTS; This Expert Council focuses on the meta-analysis of studies on the risk of atrial fibrillation (AF) in patients taking omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and of data on the omega-3 PUFA treatment in patients with cardiovascular and kidney diseases. The major statements of the Expert Council: the meta-analysis of AF risk in patients taking omega-3 PUFA showed an increased risk of this arrhythmia. However, it should be taken into account that the risk of complications was low, and there was no significant increase in the risk of AF when omega-3 PUFA was used at a dose of & LE;1 g and a standard dose of the only omega-3 PUFA drug registered in the Russian Federation, considering all AF episodes in the ASCEND study. At the present time, according to Russian and international clinical guidelines, the use of omega-3 PUFA can be considered in the following cases: & BULL; for patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) with reduced left ventricular ejection fraction as a supplement to the basic therapy (2B class of recommendations according to the 2020 Russian Society of Cardiology guidelines (RSC) and the 2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA guidelines); & BULL; for patients with hypertriglyceridemia (>1.5 mmol/l) as a part of combination therapy (IIb class of recommendations and B level of evidence according to the 2021 European guidelines on cardiovascular disease prevention, etc.); & BULL; for adult patients with stage 3-4 chronic kidney disease (CKD), long-chain omega-3 PUFA 2 g/day is recommended for reducing the level of triglycerides (2C class of recommendations). Data on the use of omega-3 PUFA for other indications are heterogenous, which can be partially explained by using different form and doses of the drugs.
Associations between Omega-3 Index increase and triacylglyceride decrease in subjects with hypertriglyceridemia in response to six month of EPA and DHA supplementation; Introduction: Ingestion of long-chain n-3 PUFA effectively decreases serum triacylglycerol (TAG) levels and increases the Omega-3 Index, defined as the % of EPA and DHA in erythrocyte fatty acids. However, it remains unclear whether there is a relationship between the Omega-3 Index increase (Delta O31 increase) and the TAG level decrease (TAG). We hypothesized that TAG reduction is strongly depended on Omega-3 Index increase.
The mechanism of action of omega-3 fatty acids in secondary prevention postmyocardial infarction; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids from fish and fish oils can protect against coronary heart disease (CHD), which is still the most common cause of death in the Western economies. Evidence from epidemiological and case cohort studies indicate that consumption of fatty fish and omega-3 fatty acids reduces the risk of cardiovascular mortality.
OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS IN HEALTH AND DISEASE AND IN GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT; Several sources of information suggest that man evolved on a diet with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids of approximately 1 whereas today this ratio is approximately 10:1 to 20-25:1, indicating that Western diets are deficient in omega-3 fatty acids compared with the diet on which humans evolved and their genetic patterns were established. Omega-3 fatty acids increase bleeding time; decrease platelet aggregation, blood viscosity, and fibrinogen; and increase erythrocyte deformability, thus decreasing the tendency to thrombus formation. In no clinical trial, including coronary artery graft surgery, has there been any evidence of increased blood loss due to ingestion of omega-3 fatty acids. Many studies show that the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on serum lipids depend on the type of patient and whether the amount of saturated fatty acids in the diet is held constant. In patients with hyperlipidemia, omega-3 fatty acids decrease low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol if the saturated fatty acid content is decreased, otherwise there is a slight increase, but at high doses (32 g) they lower LDL cholesterol; furthermore, they consistently lower serum triglycerides in normal subjects and in patients with hypertriglyceridemia whereas the effect on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) varies from no effect to slight increases. The discrepancies between animal and human studies most likely are due to differences between animal and human metabolism. In clinical trials eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the form of fish oils along with antirheumatic drugs improve joint pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis; have a beneficial effect in patients with ulcerative colitis; and in combination with drugs, improve the skin lesions, lower the hyperlipidemia from etretinates, and decrease the toxicity of cyclosporin in patients with psoriasis. In various animal models omega-3 fatty acids decrease the number and size of tumors and increase the time elapsed before appearance of tumors. Studies with nonhuman primates and human newborns indicate that DHA is essential for the normal functional development of the retina and brain, particularly in premature infants. Because omega-3 fatty acids are essential in growth and development throughout the life cycle, they should be included in the diets of all humans. Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are not interconvertible in the human body and are important components of practically all cell membranes. Whereas cellular proteins are genetically determined, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition of cell membranes is to a great extent dependent on the dietary intake. Therefore appropriate amounts of dietary omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids need to be considered in making dietary recommendations, and these two classes of PUFAs should be distinguished because they are metabolically and functionally distinct and have opposing physiological functions. Their balance is important for homeostasis and normal development. Canada is the first country to provide separate dietary recommendations for omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids.
Characterization and authentication of a novel vegetable source of omega-3 fatty acids, sacha inchi (<i>Plukenetia volubilis</i> L.) oil; Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3's), whether from fish oils, flax or supplements, can protect against cardiovascular disease. Finding plant-based sources of the essential omega-3's could provide a sustainable, renewable and inexpensive source of omega-3's, compared to fish oils. Our objective was to develop a rapid test to characterize and detect adulteration in sacha inchi oils, a Peruvian seed containing higher levels of omega-3's in comparison to other oleaginous seeds. A temperature-controlled ZnSe ATR mid-infrared benchtop and diamond ATR mid-infrared portable handheld spectrometers were used to characterize sacha inchi oil and evaluate its oxidative stability compared to commercial oils. A soft independent model of class analogy (SIMCA) and partial least squares regression (PLSR) analyzed the spectral data. Fatty acid profiles showed that sacha inchi oil (44% linolenic acid) had levels of PUFA similar to those of flax oils. PLSR showed good correlation coefficients (R-2 > 0.9) between reference tests and spectra from infrared devices, allowing for rapid determination of fatty acid composition and prediction of oxidative stability. Oils formed distinct clusters, allowing the evaluation of commercial sacha inchi oils from Peruvian markets and showed some prevalence of adulteration. Determining oil adulteration and quality parameters, by using the ATR-MIR portable handheld spectrometer, allowed for portability and ease-of-use, making it a great alternative to traditional testing methods. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN ADIPOSE-TISSUE AND CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE ARE INVERSELY RELATED; The incidence of coronary heart disease is supposedly influenced by dietary fish-oil intake. The purpose of this study was to investigate the possible beneficial effect of fish consumption on coronary atherosclerosis. Adipose-tissue biopsies and segments of coronary arteries were sampled from 40 consecutive autopsies. Degree of coronary artery disease was estimated quantitatively by morphometry, and the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue was analyzed with gas-liquid chromatography. The group with the highest degree (68-92% stenosis, n = 13) of coronary artery disease had lower concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid in adipose tissue than did the group with the lowest degree (23-53% stenosis, n = 13) of coronary artery disease (P < 0.05). Multiple-regression analysis showed that the degree of coronary artery disease was dependent on docosahexaenoic acid in adipose tissue (P < 0.0 1) and body weight (P < 0.05). The study supports the hypothesis that fish consumption is associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease.
The <i>VIT</i>amin D and Omeg<i>A</i>-3 Tria<i>L</i> (VITAL): Rationale and design of a large randomized controlled trial of vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acid supplements for the primary prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease; Data from laboratory studies, observational research, and/or secondary prevention trials suggest that vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acids may reduce risk for cancer or cardiovascular disease (CVD), but primary prevention trials with adequate dosing in general populations (i.e., unselected for disease risk) are lacking. The ongoing VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is a large randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2x2 factorial trial of vitamin D (in the form of vitamin D-3 [cholecalciferol], 2000 IU/day) and marine omega-3 fatty acid (Omacor fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] + docosahexaenoic acid [DHA], 1 g/day) supplements in the primary prevention of cancer and CVD among a multi-ethnic population of 20,000 U.S. men aged >= 50 and women aged >= 55. The mean treatment period will be 5 years. Baseline blood samples will be collected in at least 16,000 participants, with follow-up blood collection in about 6000 participants. Yearly follow-up questionnaires will assess treatment compliance (plasma biomarker measures will also assess compliance in a random sample of participants), use of non-study drugs or supplements, occurrence of endpoints, and cancer and vascular risk factors. Self-reported endpoints will be confirmed by medical record review by physicians blinded to treatment assignment, and deaths will be ascertained through national registries and other sources. Ancillary studies will investigate whether these agents affect risk for diabetes and glucose intolerance; hypertension; cognitive decline; depression; osteoporosis and fracture; physical disability and falls; asthma and other respiratory diseases; infections; and rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid diseases, and other autoimmune disorders. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for cystic fibrosis; Background
Dietary α-Linolenic Acid, EPA, and DHA Have Differential Effects on LDL Fatty Acid Composition but Similar Effects on Serum Lipid Profiles in Normolipidemic Humans; Our aim was to study the effects of increased dietary intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on serum lipids and LDL fatty acid compositions. To this end, a controlled parallel study was conducted in 74 healthy normolipidemic men and women aged 19-43 y. Participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 interventions and consumed a total intake of 4.4 g/d ALA (ALA group), 2.2 g/d EPA (EPA group), and 2.3g/d DHA (DHA group) for 6 wk. Fatty acid ethyl esters were incorporated into margarines, which replaced the participant's normal spread. The ALA, EPA, or DHA intake led to a significant enrichment of the LDL with the respective (n-3) fatty acid. In addition, LDL EPA contents in the ALA group increased by 36% (P < 0.05) with no changes in LDL DHA. The EPA intervention led to an additional enrichment with DHA (24%; P < 0.001), whereas the DHA intervention further increased the amount of EPA (249%; P < 0.001). ALA, EPA, or DHA intake did not affect fasting serum concentrations of total and LDL cholesterol, but fasting serum triacylglycerol concentrations significantly decreased in the EPA (-0.14 mmol/L) and DHA (-0.30 mmol/L) interventions and also in the ALA intervention (-0.17 mmol/L). DHA intake significantly increased serum HDL cholesterol, whereas no changes were found with ALA or EPA intake. In conclusion, the present data support the hypothesis that isolated dietary ALA, EPA, and DHA intakes lead to differential enrichment in LDL due to interconversion. Moderate amounts of ALA, EPA, and DHA are effective in improving lipid profiles of normolipidemic humans. J. Nutr. 139: 861-868, 2009.
Discrepancy between Knowledge and Perceptions of Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake Compared with the Omega-3 Index; Little is known about the relationship between perceptions of nutrient adequacy and biomarkers of nutrition status. This cross-sectional study of U.S. and German adults (n = 200; 18-80 years) compared dietary practices, knowledge, and beliefs of omega-3 fatty acids (O3-FA) with the omega-3 index (O3-I), an erythrocyte-based biomarker associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. More than half of adults believed that O3-FAs are beneficial for heart and brain health and could correctly identify the food sources of O3-FA. However, the mean O3-I in the U.S. (4.3%) and Germany (5.5%) puts the majority of adults sampled (99%) in intermediate or high CVD-risk categories. More Americans were considered at high CVD-risk (40%) when compared with Germans (10%). In the U.S., but not Germany, women had a significantly higher O3-I than men (4.8% vs. 3.8%, p < 0.001). In the intermediate CVD-risk group, about one-third of adults in both countries (30% in the U.S. and 27% in Germany) believed their diet was adequate in O3-FA. Notably, mean O3-I concentrations did not significantly differ with dietary perceptions of adequacy. More adults in Germany (26%) than in the U.S. (10%) believed that dietary supplements are needed to achieve a balanced diet. In spite of adequate knowledge about food sources and a consistent belief that O3-FA are important for health, very few participants had O3-I concentrations in the range for CVD protection.
SERUM FATTY-ACIDS AND THE RISK OF STROKE; Background and Purpose To examine the relationship between serum fatty acids, which reflect dietary intake, and stroke, we conducted a nested case-control study of 96 men with incident stroke and 96 control subjects matched by age, clinical center, treatment group, and date of randomization who were enrolled in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Acute changes in dietary omega-3 fatty acid intake lowers soluble interleukin-6 receptor in healthy adult normal weight and overweight males; Objective: To determine the effect of a short-term isocaloric exchange of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n3) for linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n6) on fasting levels of soluble interleukin-6 receptor (sIL6R), and soluble tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptors 1 and 2 (sTNFR1 and sTNFR2) in healthy normal weight and overweight/obese adult males.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids alleviate early brain injury after traumatic brain injury by inhibiting neuroinflammation and necroptosis; Presently, traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a leading contributor to disability and mortality that places a considerable financial burden on countries all over the world. Docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid are two kinds of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA), both of which have been shown to have beneficial biologically active anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects. However, the neuroprotective effect of omega-3 PUFA in TBI has not been proven, and its probable mechanism remains obscure. We suppose that omega-3 PUFA can alleviate early brain injury (EBI) via regulating necroptosis and neuroinflammation after TBI. This research intended to examine the neuroprotective effect of omega-3 and its possible molecular pathways in a C57BL/6 mice model of EBI caused by TBI. Cognitive function was assessed by measuring the neuronal necroptosis, neuroinflammatory cytokine levels, brain water content, and neurological score. The findings demonstrate that administration of omega-3 remarkably elevated neurological scores, alleviated cerebral edema, and reduced inflammatory cytokine levels of NF-kappa B, interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), IL-6, and TNF-alpha, illustrating that omega-3 PUFA attenuated neuroinflammation, necroptosis, and neuronal cell death following TBI. The PPAR gamma/NF-kappa B signaling pathway is partially responsible for the neuroprotective activity of omega-3. Collectively, our findings illustrate that omega-3 can alleviate EBI after TBI against neuroinflammation and necroptosis.
Cardioprotective Effects of ω-3 PUFAs in Chronic Kidney Disease; The prevalence rate of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is increasing worldwide, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a main cause of death in patients with CKD. The high incidence of CVD in CKD patients is related to chronic inflammation, dyslipidemia, malnutrition, atherosclerosis, and vascular calcification. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) have been shown to reduce the risk of CVD. In this paper, we review the beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFAs on CVD and the possible cardioprotective mechanisms of omega-3 PUFAs in CKD patients by determining the effect of omega-3 PUFAs in the general population. omega-3 PUFAs have several cardioprotective benefits, such as reducing inflammation, decreasing oxidative stress, inhibiting platelet activity, exerting antiarrhythmic effects, and improving triglyceride levels, in the general population and patients with CKD. Modifications of erythrocyte membrane fatty acid content, including an increased omega-3 index and decreased oleic acid, after omega-3 PUFAs supplementation are important changes related to CVD risk reduction in the general population and patients with CKD. Further basic and clinical studies are essential to confirm the effects of omega-3 PUFAs on vitamin D activation, vascular calcification prevention, cardiovascular events, and mortality in CKD patients.
Omega-3 fatty acids inhibit the up-regulation of endothelial chemokines in maintenance hemodialysis patients; Background. Chronic systemic inflammation is common in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis (CKD5D) and has been considered a key mediator of the increased cardiovascular risk in this patient population. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) will attenuate the systemic inflammatory process in CKD5D patients.
Omega-3 and depression: myths and reality; Omega-3 fatty acids involved in depression are almost exclusively EPA and DHA. Their main dietary source is fish, mainly when fatty. Dietary complements and drugs are formed either with triglycerides, or with ethyl-esters.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular prevention: is the jury still out?; The cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3FA) remain a point of confusion in clinical medicine. Recently two large, randomised trials were published with discordant findings regarding the overall benefits of omega-3 supplementation, resulting in unnecessary confusion and therapeutic nihilism. Epidemiological studies clearly show high intake of fish and measured O3FA (mainly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) in tissues are inversely associated with cardiovascular events and total mortality. These fatty acids are 'essential' and depend almost entirely on intake with very little production from within the body. The efficacy of supplementation depends on background tissue levels, in contradistinction to drug therapy. Insufficient dosing of omega-3 supplementation using less than 1 g/day and lack of titration to target by failing to measure O3FA levels in the blood may explain these conflicting trial outcomes. We review the current evidence regarding O3FA supplementation and cardiovascular outcomes, describe possible reasons for the discrepant results in the literature including recent controversial data around the mineral oil comparator used in REDUCE-IT and discuss the potential use of the omega-3 index to guide management and optimise supplementation in those at greatest risk.
Maternal prenatal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation attenuates hyperoxia-induced apoptosis in the developing rat brain; Supraphysiologic amounts of oxygen negatively influences brain maturation and development. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether maternal omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 FA) supplementation during pregnancy protects the developing brain against hyperoxic injury. Thirty-six rat pups from six different dams were divided into six groups according to the diet modifications and hyperoxia exposure. The groups were: a control group (standard diet + room air), a hyperoxia group (standard diet + 80% O-2 exposure), a hyperoxia + high-dose omega-3 FA-supplemented group, a hyperoxia + low-dose omega-3 FA-supplemented group, a room air + low-dose omega-3 FA-supplemented + group, and a room air + high dose omega-3 FA-supplemented group. The omega-3 FA's were supplemented as a mixture of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) from the second day of pregnancy until birth. Rat pups in the hyperoxic groups were exposed to 80% oxygen from birth until postnatal day 5 (P5). At P5, all animals were sacrificed. Neuronal cell death and apoptosis were evaluated by cell count, TUNEL, and active Caspase-3 immunohistochemistry. Histopathological examination showed that maternally omega-3 FA deficient diet and postnatal hyperoxia exposure were associated with significantly lower neuronal counts and significantly higher apoptotic cell death in the selected brain regions. Omega-3 FA treatment significantly diminished apoptosis, in the selected brain regions, in a dose dependent manner. Our results suggest that the maternal omega-3 FA supply may protect the developing brain against hyperoxic injury. (C) 2012 ISDN. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of six month's treatment with omega-3 acid ethyl esters on long-term outcomes after acute myocardial infarction: The OMEGA-REMODEL randomized clinical trial; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3-FA) have been shown to reduce inflammation and adverse cardiac remodeling after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, the impact of O3-FA on long-term clinical outcomes remains uncertain. Aims: To investigate the impact of O3-FA on adverse cardiac events in long-term follow up post AMI in a pilotstudy. Methods: Consecutive patients with AMI were randomized 1:1 to receive 6 months of O3-FA (4 g/daily) or placebo in the prospective, multicenter OMEGA-REMODEL trial. Primary endpoint was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) encompassing all-cause death, heart failure hospitalizations, recurrent acute coronary syndrome, and late coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). Results: A total of 358 patients (62.8% male; 48.1 +/- 16.1 years) were followed for a median of 6.6 (IQR: 5.0-9.1) years. Among those receiving O3-FA (n = 180), MACE occurred in 65 (36.1%) compared to 62 (34.8%) of 178 assigned to placebo. By intention-to-treat analysis, O3-FA treatment assignment did not reduce MACE (HR = 1.014; 95%CI = 0.716-1.436; p = 0.938), or its individual components. However, patients with a positive response to O3-FA treatment (n = 43), defined as an increase in the red blood cell omega-3 index (O3-I) >= 5% after 6 months of treatment, had lower annualized MACE rates compared to those without (2.9% (95%CI = 1.2-5.1) vs 7.1% (95%CI = 5.7-8.9); p = 0.001). This treatment benefit persisted after adjustment for baseline characteristics (HRadjusted = 0.460; 95%CI = 0.218-0.970; p = 0.041). Conclusion: In long-term follow-up of the OMEGA-REMODEL randomized trial, O3-FA did not reduce MACE after AMI by intention to treat principle, however, patients who achieved a >= 5% increase of O3-I subsequent to treatment had favorable outcomes.
Effects of Polyunsaturated Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Responsiveness to Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention The OMEGA-PCI (OMEGA-3 Fatty Acids After PCI to Modify Responsiveness to Dual Antiplatelet Therapy) Study; Objectives The purpose of this study was to investigate whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are able to modify platelet responsiveness to dual antiplatelet therapy in stable coronary artery disease patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
Fish Oil for the Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease; Omega-3 fatty acids, which are found abundantly in fish oil, are increasingly being used in the management of cardiovascular disease. It is clear that fish oil, in clinically used doses (typically 4 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) reduce high triglycerides. However, the role of omega-3 fatty acids in reducing mortality, sudden death, arrhythmias, myocardial infarction, and heart failure has not yet been established. This review will focus on the current clinical uses of fish oil and provide an update on their effects on triglycerides, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and arrhythmia. We will explore the dietary sources of fish oil as compared with drug therapy, and discuss the use of fish oil products in combination with other commonly used lipid-lowering agents. We will examine the underlying mechanism of fish oil's action on triglyceride reduction, plaque stability, and effect in diabetes, and review the newly discovered anti-inflammatory effects of fish oil. Finally, we will examine the limitations of current data and suggest recommendations for fish oil use.
n-3 Fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: mechanisms underlying beneficial effects; Dietary n-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, are important nutrients through the life cycle. Evidence from observational, clinical, animal, and in vitro studies indicates a beneficial role of n-3 fatty acids in the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. Although the precise mechanisms are still unclear, clinical and preclinical studies indicate that the cardioprotective effects of n-3 fatty acids may be attributed to a number of distinct biological effects on lipid and lipoprotein metabolism, blood pressure, platelet function, arterial cholesterol delivery, vascular function, and inflammatory responses.
Plasma α-Linolenic and Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids Are Associated with a Lower Risk of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Singapore Chinese Adults; Background: Long-chain marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are associated with a lower risk of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), but results for plant-derived ce-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3n-3) are inconsistent.
The Omega-6:Omega-3 ratio: A critical appraisal and possible successor; The well-known health effects of the long-chain, marine omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) has led to a growing interest in the prognostic value that blood levels of these FAs might have vis-a-vis cardiovascular and neuro-cognitive diseases. The measurement and expression of n-3 FA levels is not straight-forward, however, and a wide variety of means of expression of n-3 FA status have been used in research and clinical medicine. This has led to considerable confusion as to what "optimal" n-3 FA status is. The n-6:n-3 ratio has enjoyed relatively widespread use, but this apparently simple metric has both theoretical and practical difficulties that have contributed to misunderstandings in this field. Just as the once-popular polyunsaturated:saturated FA ratio has largely disappeared from the nutritional and medical literature, it may be time to replace the n-6:n-3 ratio with a newer metric that focuses on the primary deficiency in Western diets - the lack of eicosapentaenoic and doc-osahexaenoic acids (EPA and DHA). The Omega-3 Index (red blood cell EPA + DHA) has much to recommend it in this regard.
Parenteral but Not Enteral Omega-3 Fatty Acids (Omegaven) Modulate Intestinal Regrowth After Massive Small Bowel Resection in Rats; Background: The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids (Omegaven) on early intestinal adaptation in rats with short bowel syndrome (SBS). Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 groups: sham rats underwent bowel transection; SBS rats underwent 75% bowel resection; SBS-O omega-3 rats underwent bowel resection and were treated with oral Omegaven given by gavage; and SBS-I omega-3 rats underwent bowel resection and were treated with Omegaven given intraperitoneally. Rats were killed on day 14. Parameters of intestinal adaptation (bowel and mucosal weight, mucosal DNA and protein, villus height and crypt depths, cell proliferation and apoptosis) were determined at time of death. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was used to determine the level of Bax and Bcl-2 messenger RNA (mRNA). Statistical analysis was performed using Kruskal-Wallis test followed by post hoc test, with P<.05 considered statistically significant. Results: Oral omega-3 supplementation did not significantly change intestinal regrowth. In contrast, parenteral omega-3 in rats that underwent resection resulted in higher bowel and mucosal weights, mucosal DNA and protein in ileum, villus height in ileum, crypt depth in jejunum and ileum, and greater rates of cell proliferation in jejunum and ileum compared with SBS animals. The initial decreased levels of apoptosis corresponded with the early decrease in Bax and increase in Bcl-2 mRNA levels. Conclusions: Parenteral but not enteral Omegaven augments and accelerates structural bowel adaptation in a rat model of SBS. Increased cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis reflect increased cell turnover in Omegaven-treated animals. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2010; 34: 503-512)
Omega-3 fatty acids in bipolar patients with a low omega-3 index and reduced heart rate variability: the"BIPO-3" trial; Background: Research suggests that a low omega-3 index may contribute to the low heart rate variability and the increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in bipolar disorders. However, so far, no intervention trial with EPA and DHA has been conducted in bipolar patients attempting to increase their heart rate variability.
The Omega-3 Index and relative risk for coronary heart disease mortality: Estimation from 10 cohort studies; Background and aims: A recent 19-cohort meta-analysis examined the relationships between biomarkers of omega-3 fatty acids and risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). That study did not, however, report hazard ratios (HRs) specifically as a function of erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic (DHA) levels, a metric called the Omega-3 Index in which EPA + DHA content is expressed as a percent of total fatty acids. The Omega-3 Index has been used in several recent studies and is a validated biomarker of omega-3 fatty acid tissue levels, but additional data are needed to confirm (or refute) the originallyproposed clinical cut-points of <4% (higher risk) and 8%-12% (lower risk).
Correlation analysis of omega-3 fatty acids and mortality of sepsis and sepsis-induced ARDS in adults: data from previous randomized controlled trials; Objective: This study aimed to investigate the possible effect of omega-3 fatty acids on reducing the mortality of sepsis and sepsis-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in adults.
The Role of Fatty Acids in the Regulation of Cerebral Vascular Function and Neuroprotection in Ischemia; Cerebral circulation is tightly regulated by vasoactive substances. There is a delicate balance among vasoconstriction and vasodilation factors. During ischemia/stroke, cerebral blood flow autoregulation may be compromised triggering hyperemia (early phase) or hypoperfusion (late phase or post-ischemia) deranging cerebral blood flow that can lead to subsequent neuronal cell death due to blood flow abnormalities. Traditional vasoactive mediators such as nitric oxide and calcitonin gene-related peptide have been well-documented to provide vasodilation and neuroprotection in the ischemic brain. An emerging field is the identification of fatty acids (polyunsaturated or saturated) that can lead to vasodilation possibly causing neuroprotection. This review investigates fatty acids such as palmitic acid methyl ester, alpha-linolenic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid as novel vasoactive substances that can modulate cerebral blood flow as well as offer neuroprotection after ischemia.
Limited Impact of 2 g/day Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters (Omacor®) on Plasma Lipids and Inflammatory Markers in Patients Awaiting Carotid Endarterectomy; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of prescription omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid ethyl esters (Omacor((R))) on blood pressure, plasma lipids, and inflammatory marker concentrations in patients awaiting carotid endarterectomy. Patients awaiting carotid endarterectomy (n = 121) were randomised to Omacor((R)) or olive oil as placebo (2 g/day) until surgery (median 21 days). Blood pressure, plasma lipids, and plasma inflammatory markers were determined. There were significant decreases in systolic and diastolic blood pressure and in plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, soluble vascular cellular adhesion molecule 1, and matrix metalloproteinase 2 concentrations, in both groups. The extent of triglyceride lowering was greater with Omacor((R)) (25%) compared with placebo (9%). Soluble E-selectin concentration was significantly decreased in the Omacor((R)) group but increased in the placebo group. At the end of the supplementation period there were no differences in blood pressure or in plasma lipid and inflammatory marker concentrations between the two groups. It is concluded that Omacor((R)) given at 2 g/day for an average of 21 days to patients with advanced carotid atherosclerosis lowers triglycerides and soluble E-selectin concentrations, but has limited broad impact on the plasma lipid profile or on inflammatory markers. This may be because the duration of intervention was too short or the dose of n-3 fatty acids was too low.
Associations of dietary polychlorinated biphenyls and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids with stroke risk; Background: Little is known about joint exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and long-chain omega-3 fatty adds [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)], through fish consumption, on cerebrovascular disease risk.
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and cardiovascular disease risk factors in Japanese, Korean and Mongolian workers; The favorable role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been demonstrated in animal experiments and in humans in Western countries, but its effect remains controversial in Asian populations. An observational study of Japanese, Koreans and Mongolians with extended histories of remarkably different frequencies of fish intake was conducted to examine whether differences in plasma n-3 PUFA affects CVD risk factors. We conducted a cross-sectional study in workplace settings and determined body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fatty acid composition in plasma. A total of 411 Japanese, 418 Korean and 252 Mongolian workers aged 30-60 yr participated in this study. The Japanese ate fish more frequently and had remarkably higher values of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and n-3 PUFA, and lower values of BMI and HOMA-IR, followed by the Koreans, and then the Mongolians. In age groups, the Japanese and Koreans showed a similar tendency of increase in n-3 PUFA with increasing age. General linear measurement multivariate analysis after adjustment for gender, age, smoking, drinking, exercise habits and BMI showed n-3 PUFA was associated with HDL-C and TG in the Japanese, while it was associated with systolic blood pressure in the Koreans, and TG in the Mongolians. In conclusion, an increase in n-3 PUFA was associated with HDL-C and TG in the Japanese and Mongolians, but these beneficial effects were not constant across the three Asian ethnic groups.
Omega-3 fatty acids regulate NLRP3 inflammasome activation and prevent behavior deficits after traumatic brain injury; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAS) attenuate inflammation and improve neurological outcome in response to traumatic brain injury (TBI), but the specific anti-inflammatory mechanisms remain to be elucidated. Here we found that NLRP3 inflammasome and subsequent pro-inflammatory cytokines were activated in human brains after TBI. Rats treated with omega-3 FM had significantly less TBI-induced caspase-1 cleavage and IL-1 beta secretion than those with vehicle. G protein-coupled receptor 40 (GPR40) was observed to be involved in this anti-inflammation. GW1100, a GPR40 inhibitor, eliminated the anti-inflammatory effect of omega-3 FAs after TBI. beta-Arrestin-2 (ARRB2), a downstream scaffold protein of GPR40, was activated to inhibit inflammation via directly binding with NLRP3 in the omega-3 FAs treatment group. Interestingly, we also observed that omega-3 FAs prevented NLRP3 mitochondrial localization, which was reversed by GW1100. Furthermore, omega-3 FAs markedly ameliorated neuronal death and behavioral deficits after TBI, while GW1100 significantly suppressed this effect. Collectively, these data indicate that the GPR40-mediated pathway is involved in the inhibitory effects of omega-3 FAs on TBI-induced inflammation and ARRB2 is activated to interact with NLRP3. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Inc.
The cross-sectional relationship among omega-3 fatty acid levels, cardiorespiratory fitness, and depressive symptoms from the Cooper Center Longitudinal Study; Objective: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) are implicated in numerous illnesses including depression. The literature is mixed regarding the relationship between n-3 PUFA levels and depression, and studies based on self-reported dietary n-3 PUFA intake may not accurately reflect in vivo levels.Method: The current cross-sectional analysis examined the relationship between erythrocyte levels (eicosa-pentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and depressive symptoms (Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale; CES-D), adjusting for health-related factors and omega-3 supplement use in 16,398 adults assessed at the Cooper Clinic in Dallas, Texas for preventative medical examinations between April 6, 2009, and September 1, 2020. A three-stage hierarchical linear regression was conducted to examine the EPA and DHA levels on CES-D before and after inclusion of cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in the model.Results: DHA level, but not EPA level, was significantly associated with CES-D scores. Taking omega-3 supple-ments was associated with lower CES-D scores even when adjusting for CRF, while hs-CRP was non-significantly associated with CES-D scores. These findings suggest that DHA levels are related to depressive symptom severity. Omega-3 PUFA supplement use was associated with lower CES-D scores when controlling for EPA and DHA levels.Conclusion: The findings from this cross-sectional study suggest that lifestyle and/or other contextual factors unrelated to EPA and DHA levels may also be associated with depressive symptom severity. Longitudinal studies are needed to evaluate the role of health-related mediators among these relationships.
History and future of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease; Background/objectives:
A review and evaluation of study design considerations for omega-3 fatty acid supplementation trials in physically trained participants; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC n-3 PUFA) supplements, rich in eicosapentaenoic acid and/or docosahexaenoic acid, are increasingly being recommended within athletic institutions. However, the wide range of doses, durations and study designs implemented across trials makes it difficult to provide clear recommendations. The importance of study design characteristics in LC n-3 PUFA trials has been detailed in cardiovascular disease research, and these considerations may guide LC n-3 PUFA study design in healthy cohorts. This systematic review examined the quality of studies and study design considerations used in evaluating the evidence for LC n-3 PUFA improving performance in physically trained adults. SCOPUS, PubMed and Web of Science electronic databases were searched to identify studies that supplemented LC n-3 PUFA in physically trained participants. Forty-six (n = 46) studies met inclusion. Most studies used a randomised control design. Risk of bias, assessed using the design-appropriate Cochrane Collaboration tool, revealed that studies had a predominant judgment of 'some concerns', 'high risk' or 'moderate risk' in randomised controlled, randomised crossover or non-randomised studies, respectively. A custom five-point quality assessment scale demonstrated that no study satisfied all recommendations for LC n-3 PUFA study design. This review has highlighted that the disparate range of study designs is likely contributing to the inconclusive state of outcomes pertaining to LC n-3 PUFA as a potential ergogenic aid. Further research must adequately account for the specific LC n-3 PUFA study design considerations, underpinned by a clear hypothesis, to achieve evidence-based dose, duration and composition recommendations for physically trained individuals.
N-3 fatty acids and diabetes; Fatty acids of the omega-3 series (n-3 fatty acids) are a well established dietary component affecting plasma lipids (mainly triglycerides) and also major cardiovascular parameters, such as arrhythmogenesis. In view of their peculiar metabolic handling, it has been suggested that they may reduce glucose tolerance in patients predisposed to diabetes. On the other hand, insulin is required for the endogenous synthesis of the long chain n-3 fatty acids from precursors; the heart may thus be particularly susceptible to their depletion in diabetes. This review examines large population studies, carried out particularly by this research group, evaluating the risk of developing glucose intolerance/clearcut diabetes in large series of patients with predisposing conditions. While diabetes development was in no way accelerated in any of these studies, there was, instead, clear evidence of a significant hypotriglyceridemic activity of the supplements. In long-term treatments, there was also a tendency toward a significant reduction of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterolemia, with positive effects on high density lipoprotein (HDL). These findings fit well with cellular changes indicative of improved glucose handling. finally, recent data suggest an improvement of heart rate variability by fish intake in coronary patients, that is also exerted by the n-3 fatty acids given as ethyl esters, thus providing further indication for the potential benefit of such treatments in diabetic patients. (C) 2002 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Enhance Cisplatin Efficacy in Gastric Cancer Cells by Inducing Apoptosis <i>via</i> ADORA1; It has been suggested that administration of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), can alter the toxicity and/or activity of several anticancer drugs in in vitro and in vivo studies. Here, we investigated the ability of omega-3 PUFAs to potentiate the antineoplastic activity of cisplatin (CDDP) in gastric cancer cells. The increase in CDDP-induced growth inhibition was measured by the IC50 values obtained when the cells were incubated with CDDP alone or with CDDP plus DHA or EPA. DHA and EPA enhanced the growth-inhibition activity of increasing concentrations of CDDP. The interactions between CDDP and DHA or EPA at the cellular level were assessed through the combination index (CI) method of Chou-Talalay. The results demonstrated synergism between CDDP and DHA or EPA in MKN45 cells. Cell cycle analysis showed that the combination treatment increased G0/G1 phase and S phase arrest, and significantly increased the number of apoptotic cells. According to our previous study, omega-3 PUFAs induce apoptosis of gastric cells via ADORA1, a subtype of adenosine receptor functionally related to cell death. The ADORA1 mRNA and protein expression was higher in the combination treatment than in the individual treatments. Notable, when GC cells were pretreated with DPCPX, a selective ADORA1 antagonist, the combination treatment effect on apoptosis was significantly reduced. Our results suggest that omega-3 PUFAs enhance the antineoplastic effects of CDDP in gastric cancer cells, and the synergistic effect between omega-3 PUFAs and CDDP is partly dependent on activating the ADORA1-mediated apoptosis pathway.
The effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiac rhythm: A critical reassessment; Although epidemiological studies provide strong evidence for an inverse relationship between omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and cardiac mortality, inconsistent and often conflicting results have been obtained from both animal studies and clinical prevention trials. Despite these heterogeneous results, some general conclusions can be drawn from these studies: 1) n-PUFAs have potent effects on ion channels and calcium regulatory proteins that vary depending on the route of administration. Circulating (acute administration) n-3 PUFAs affect ion channels directly while incorporation (long-term supplementation) of these lipids into cell membranes indirectly alter cardiac electrical activity via alteration of membrane properties. 2) n-3 PUFAs reduce baseline HR and increase HRV via alterations in intrinsic pacemaker rate rather than from changes in cardiac autonomic neural regulation. 3) n-3 PUFAs may be only effective if given before electrophysiological or structural remodeling has begun and have no efficacy against atrial fibrillation. 5) Despite initial encouraging results, more recent clinical prevention and animal studies have not only failed to reduce sudden cardiac death but actually increased mortality in angina patients and increased rather than decreased malignant arrhythmias in animal models of regional ischemia. 6) Given the inconsistent benefits reported in clinical and experimental studies and the potential adverse actions on cardiac rhythm noted during myocardial ischemia, n-3 PUFA must be prescribed with caution and generalized recommendations to increase fish intake or to take n-3 PUFA supplements need to be reconsidered. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Depressive Symptoms, and Cognitive Performance in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease: Analyses From a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; This trial investigated the efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) treatment for improving depressive symptoms and cognitive performance in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) participating in cardiac rehabilitation. Patients with CAD aged 45 to 80 years were randomized to receive either 1.9-g/d n-3 PUFA treatment or placebo for 12 weeks. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D, primary outcome) and the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II). Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, criteria were used to identify a depressive episode at baseline. Cognitive performance was measured using a standardized battery for vascular cognitive impairment. In 92 patients (age, 61.7 +/- 8.7 y; 76% male, 40% depressed; HAM-D, 6.9 +/- 5.9; BDI-II, 12.3 +/- 10.9; n = 45 n-3 PUFA, n = 47 placebo), depression decreased (HAM-D, F-3,F-91 = 2.71 and P = 0.049; BDI-II, F-3,F-91 = 6.24 and P < 0.01), and cognitive performance improved (attention/processing speed, F-1,F-91 = 5.57, P = 0.02; executive function, F-1,F-91 = 14.64, P < 0.01; visuospatial memory, F-1,F-91 = 4.01, P = 0.04) over cardiac rehabilitation. Omega-3 PUFA treatment increased plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (F-1,F-29 = 33.29, P < 0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (F-1,F-29 = 15.29, P < 0.01) concentrations but did not reduce HAM-D (F-3,F-91 = 1.59, P = 0.20) or BDI-II (F-3,F-91 = 0.46, P = 0.50) scores compared with placebo. Treatment did not improve cognitive performance; however, n-3 PUFAs significantly increased verbal memory compared with placebo in a subgroup of nondepressed patients (F-1,F-54 = 4.16, P = 0.04). This trial suggests that n-3 PUFAs do not improve depressive and associated cognitive symptoms in those with CAD. The possible benefits of n-3 PUFAs for verbal memory may warrant investigation in well-powered studies.
Unsaturated fatty acid composition in serum phospholipids in patients in the acute phase of myocardial infarction; BACKGROUND Recent improvements in optimal cardiovascular therapy have questioned the beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) observed in previous studies.
Plasma Phospholipid Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids and Total and Cause-Specific Mortality in Older Adults A Cohort Study; Background: Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs), including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (20:5 omega-3), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) (22:5 omega-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (22:6 omega-3), have been shown to reduce cardiovascular risk, but effects on cause-specific and total mortality and potential dose-responses remain controversial. Most observational studies have assessed self-reported dietary intake and most randomized trials have tested effects of adding supplements to dietary intake and evaluated secondary prevention, thus limiting inference for dietary omega 3-PUFAs or primary prevention.
Cardiovascular Impact of Nutritional Supplementation With Omega-3 Fatty Acids <i>JACC</i> Focus Seminar; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are a key component of a heart-healthy diet. For patients without clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, 2 or more servings of fatty fish per week is recommended to obtain adequate intake of omega-3 PUFAs. If this not possible, dietary supplementation with an appropriate fish oil may be reasonable. Supplementation with omega-3 PUFA capsules serves 2 distinct but overlapping roles: treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and prevention of cardiovascular events. Marine-derived omega-3 PUFAs reduce triglycerides and have pleiotropic effects including decreasing inflammation, improving plaque composition and stability, and altering cellular membranes. Clinical trial data have shown inconsistent results with omega-3 PUFAs improving cardiovascular outcomes. In this paper, the authors provide an overview of PUFAs and a summary of key clinical trial data. Recent trial data suggest the use of prescription eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease event reduction in selected populations. (C) 2021 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Incorporation and clearance of omega-3 fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes and plasma phospholipids; Background: The sum of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 omega 3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 omega 3) in erythrocyte membranes, termed the omega-3 index, can indicate suboptimal intake of omega-3 fatty acids, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). To study the effects of fatty acid supplementation, we investigated the rate of incorporation and clearance of these fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes and plasma after intake of supplements.
Assessing the Highest Level of Evidence from Randomized Controlled Trials in Omega-3 Research; Over the years, there has been heightened interest in the health benefits of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in reducing chronic diseases such as, cardiovascular disease (CVD), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and acute macular degeneration (AMD). Due to inconsistent findings in the evidence, a review to critically examine the plethora of evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in n-3 PUFA research was undertaken. The aim of this review is to study the highest level of evidence and to identify gaps in n-3 PUFA research. RCTs were originally designed for pharmaceutical research and later adopted for nutrition and food-related research. RCTs with active diseases assume that n-3 PUFA will have "drug" like effects, and this high expectation may have led to the inconsistent evidence in the literature. The inconsistency in the literature may be related to varying doses of n-3 PUFA, sources of n-3 PUFA (food vs. supplement; plant vs. marine), type of n-3 PUFA (mixture vs. purified), trial duration, population characteristics, sample size, and genetic variation. For future research, there is a need to distinguish between primary and secondary prevention, and to focus RCTs on primary prevention of chronic diseases by n-3 PUFA which is lacking in the literature.
Prevention of Endothelial Dysfunction and Cardiovascular Disease by n-3 Fatty Acids-Inhibiting Action on Oxidative Stress and Inflammation; Background: Prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials have shown the protective effect of n-3 fatty acids against cardiovascular disease (CVD). The effect of n-3 fatty acids on vascular endothelial cells indicates their possible role in CVD prevention.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids for women; This review details the specific needs of women for omega-3 fatty acids, including alpha linoleic acid (ALA) and the very long chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Omega-3 fatty acid (dietary or in capsules) ensures that a woman's adipose tissue contains a reserve of these fatty acids for the developing fetus and the breast-fed newborn infant. This ensures the optimal cerebral and cognitive development of the infant. The presence of large quantities of EPA and DHA in the diet slightly lengthens pregnancy, and improves its quality. Human milk contains both ALA and DHA, unlike that of other mammals. Conditions such as diabetes can alter the fatty acid profile of mother's milk, while certain diets, like those of vegetarians, vegans, or even macrobiotic diets, can have the same effect, if they do not include seafood.
Inhibitory Mechanism of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Pancreatic Inflammation and Apoptosis; Oxidative stress is regarded as a major pathogenic factor in acute pancreatitis. Inflammation and apoptosis linked to oxidative stress has been implicated in cerulein-induced pancreatitis as an experimental model of acute pancreatitis. Recently, we found that reactive oxygen species mediate inflammatory cytokine expression and apoptosis of pancreatic acinar cells stimulated with cerulein. Omega-3 fatty acids show antioxidant action in various cells and tissues. In the present study, we investigated whether omega-3 fatty acids inhibit cytokine expression in cerulein-stimulated pancreatic acinar cells and whether omega-3 fatty acids suppress apoptotic cell death in pancreatic acinar cells exposed to hydrogen peroxide. We found that omega-3 fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and a-linolenic acid (ALA), suppressed the expression of inflammatory cytokines (IL-1 beta, IL-6) and inhibited the activation of transcription factor activator protein-1 in cerulein-stimulated pancreatic acinar cells. DHA and ALA inhibited DNA fragmentation, inhibited the decrease in cell viability, and inhibited the expression of apoptotic genes (p53, Bax, apoptosis-inducing factor) induced by hydrogen peroxide in pancreatic acinar cells. In conclusion, omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial for preventing oxidative stress-induced pancreatic inflammation and apoptosis by inhibiting inflammatory cytokine and apoptotic gene expression of pancreatic acinar cells.
Major depression is associated with lower omega-3 fatty acid levels in patients with recent acute coronary syndromes; Background Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are intrinsic cell membrane components and closely involved in neurotransmission and receptor function. Lower omega-3 levels are associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD), increases in cardiac events in CAD patients, and depression. We sought to examine relationships between depression and serum levels of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in patients recovering from acute coronary syndromes (ACS).
Omega-3 fatty acids prevent gestational diabetes mellitus via modulation of lipid metabolism; The incidence rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high among pregnant women in the second trimester of pregnancy. However, the main clinical approach to alleviate the symptoms of GDM is to control the diet. Our study explored the therapeutic effects of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) on GDM at the cellular and animal levels. We found that omega-3 FAs can promote the transformation of M0 macrophages into anti-inflammatory M2 macrophages. The transformed M2 macrophages promoted beta-oxidation and reduced hepatocyte lipid synthesis (P < 0.05), thereby promoting hepatic function and preventing the excessive accumulation of lipid droplets in the hepatocyte cell line HepG2. Supplementation of omega-3 FAs in pregnant GDM mice significantly reduced fasting blood glucose levels, glucose tolerance test, and insulin tolerance test indices, and lipid accumulation in the liver and effectively prevented the occurrence of liver fibrosis (P < 0.05). These therapeutic effects may be mediated through the anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 FAs (P < 0.05). omega-3 FAs also had positive effects on the offspring of pregnant GDM mice, as demonstrated by reduced birth mortality and improved glycemic stabilization (P < 0.05). In conclusion, this study provides a possible translational medicine strategy for the treatment of GDM.
G-protein-coupled receptors mediate ω-3 PUFAs-inhibited colorectal cancer by activating the Hippo pathway; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common cancers leading to high mortality. However, long-term administration of anti-tumor therapy for CRC is not feasible due to the side effects. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), particularly DHA and EPA, exert protection against CRC, but the mechanisms are unclear. Here, we show that omega-3 PUFAs inhibit proliferation and induce apoptosis of CRC cells in vitro and alleviate AOM/DSS-induced mice colorectal cancer in vivo. Moreover, omega-3 PUFAs promote phosphorylation and cytoplasmic retention of YAP and this effect was mediated by MST1/2 and LATS1, suggesting that the canonical Hippo Pathway is involved in omega-3 PUFAs function. We further confirmed that increase of pYAP by omega-3 PUFAs was mediated by GPRs, including GPR40 and GPR120, which subsequently activate PKA via Gas, thus inducing the Hippo pathway activation. These data provide a novel DHA/EPA-GPR40/120-G beta s-PKA-MST1/2-LATS1-YAP signaling pathway which is linked to omega-3 PUFAs-induced inhibition of cell proliferation and promotion of apoptosis in CRC cells, indicating a mechanism that could explain the anti-cancer action of omega-3 PUFAs.
Omega-3 fatty acid rich diet prevents diabetic renal disease; Garman JH, Mulroney S, Manigrasso M, Flynn E, Maric C. Omega-3 fatty acid rich diet prevents diabetic renal disease. Am J Physiol Renal Physiol 296: F306-F316, 2009. First published December 3, 2008; doi:10.1152/ajprenal.90326.2008.-Omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) show beneficial effects in cardiovascular disease, IgA, and diabetic nephropathy; however, the mechanisms underlying these benefits are unknown. The study was performed in male Sprague-Dawley rats randomly divided into four treatment groups: nondiabetic (ND), streptozotocin-induced diabetic (D), diabetic and fed a high n-3 PUFA diet (D+canola), and diabetic and fed a high n-6 (omega-6) PUFA diet (D+corn). Study treatments were carried out for 30 wk. D+canola significantly decreased diabetes-associated increases in urine albumin excretion (ND 17.8 + 6.4; D 97.3 +/- 9.4; D+canola 8.3 +/- 2.2 mg/day); systolic blood pressure (ND 153 +/- 9; D 198 +/- 7; D+canola 162 +/- 9 mmHg); glomerulosclerosis (ND 0.6 +/- 0.2; D 1.8 +/- 0.2; D+canola 0.8 +/- 0.1 AU); and tubulointerstitial fibrosis in the renal cortex (ND 1.2 +/- 0.2; D 2.0 +/- 0.2; D+canola 1.1 +/- 0.1) and the inner stripe of the outer medulla (ND 1.0 +/- 0.2; D 2.1 +/- 0.2; D+canola 1.1 +/- 0.2 AU). D+corn also exerted renoprotection, but not to the same degree as D+canola (urine albumin excretion, 33.8 +/- 6.1 mg/day; systolic blood pressure, D+corn 177 +/- 6 mmHg; glomerulosclerosis, D +/- corn 1.2 +/- 0.3 AU; cortical tubulointerstitial fibrosis, D+corn 1.6 +/- 0.1 AU; medullary tubulointerstitial fibrosis, D+corn 1.5 +/- 0.1 AU). In addition, D+canola attenuated D-associated increase in collagen type I and type IV, IL-6, MCP-1, transforming growth factor-beta, and CD68 expression. These observations indicate a beneficial effect of high dietary intake of n-3 PUFA in reducing diabetic renal disease.
Alpha-linolenic acid rich <i>Allium porrum</i> methanolic extract potentially inhibits HT-115 human colon cancer cells proliferation via mitochondria mediated apoptotic mechanism; Colon cancer is the third most devastating cancer type in morbidity and mortality associated with severe comorbidities in developing and developed countries. Dietary supplementation of alpha-linolenic acid has a beneficial effect on intestinal dysfunction. In the present study, we processed Allium porrum (Leek) for extraction and identified the bioactive metabolites with the potential of antiproliferative effect in HT-115 (human colon carcinoma) cells. We preliminarily analyzed the cytotoxic effects of methanol, chloroform, and hexane extracts of leek on HT-115 cells. In vitro cytotoxicity assay revealed that leek methanol extract (LME) significantly prohibited cell proliferation in a dose-as well as time-dependent manner, compared with hexane and chloroform extracts of leek. We found that LME at 0.4 and 0.2 mu g/ mL inhibited HT-115 cell proliferation by 50% at both 24 and 48 h. Cell morphological analysis and nuclear staining indicated that 22% of cells became apoptotic and similar to 4% were necrotic after treatment with 0.4 mu g/mL of LME. RT-PCR and western blot analysis showed that mRNA and protein expression levels of apoptotic markers such as p53, Bax, caspase-9, and caspase-3 were up-regulated, whereas Bcl-2 was down-regulated in cells exposed with 0.4 mu g/mL LME, compared with the levels in untreated control cells. Lipid peroxidation marker (LPO) was significantly elevated in LME-treated cell lysates. The activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) were significantly decreased in LME-treated cell lysates when compared with control HT-115 cells. In conclusion, the observed results demonstrate that LME significantly inhibits colon cancer cell growth via the mitochondria mediated caspase-dependent apoptosis mechanism. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Pros and Cons of Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Health; The long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are found in seafood, supplements, and concentrated pharmaceutical preparations. Prospective cohort studies demonstrate an association between higher intakes of EPA+DHAor higher levels of EPA and DHA in the body and lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD), especially coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction, and of cardiovascular mortality in the general population. The cardioprotective effect of EPA and DHA is due to the beneficial modulation of a number of risk factors for CVD. Some large trials support the use of EPA+DHA (or EPA alone) in high-risk patients, although the evidence is inconsistent. This review presents key studies of EPA and DHA in the primary and secondary prevention of CVD, briefly describes potential mechanisms of action, and discusses recently published RCTs and meta-analyses. Potential adverse aspects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in relation to CVD are discussed.
Distribution of omega-3 fatty acids in tissues of rabbits fed a flaxseed-supplemented diet; Diets rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with decreased incidences of cardiovascular disease. The extent of incorporation and distribution of these beneficial fats into body tissues is uncertain. Rabbits were fed regular rabbit chow or a diet containing 10% ground flaxseed that is highly enriched with the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid a-linolenic acid (ALA). The high-flaxseed diet resulted in an incorporation of ALA in all tissues, but mostly in the heart and liver with little in the brain. Docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acid levels were also selectively increased in some tissues, and the effects were not as large as ALA. Arachidonic acid and the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids were decreased in all tissues obtained from the flax-supplemented group. Consumption of dietary flaxseed appears to be an effective means to increase ALA content in body tissues, but the degree will depend upon the tissues examined. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enrichment of Ewe's Milk with Dietary n-3 Fatty Acids from Palm, Linseed and Algae Oils in Isoenergetic Rations; Simple Summary The aim of this research was to evaluate the effects of three lipid supplements in ovine diets on milk healthy fatty acid composition. Rations provided a source of alpha-linolenic acid, either protected or unprotected from ruminal biohydrogenation (linseed oil and Ca-salts of linseed oil) or long-chain n-3 fatty acids (algae oil). Algae oil supplementation generated the highest levels of n-3 fatty acids in ewe's milk. However, dry matter intake, milk yield and fat content declined with the inclusion of algae oil in the diet. The fatty acid profiles of milk from both linseed oil supplemented rations did not significantly differ, and both were effective to diminish saturated fatty acids. Increasing the levels of n-3 fatty acids (FA) in dairy products is an important goal in terms of enhancing the nutritional value of these foods for the consumer. The purpose of this research was to evaluate the effects of linseed and algae oil supplements in ovine isoenergetic diets on healthy milk fatty acid composition, mainly n-3. Seventy-two Churra dairy ewes were divided and randomly assigned to four experimental treatments for 6 weeks. The treatments consisted of a TMR (40:60 forage:concentrate ratio) that varied according to the inclusion of different types of fat (23 g/100 g TMR): hydrogenated palm oil (control), linseed oil (LO), calcium soap of linseed oil (CaS-LO) and marine algae oil (AO). The most effective lipid supplement to increase n-3 FA in milk was AO. 22:6 n-3 and total n-3 PUFA content increased from 0.02 and 0.60% (control) to 2.63 and 3.53% (AO), respectively. All diets supplemented with n-3 FA diminished the content of saturated FA in milk and its atherogenic index, while the levels of trans-11 18:1 and cis-9 trans-11 18:2 significantly increased. Overall, the enhancement of n-3 FA in ewe's milk would be advantageous for the manufacture of nutritionally improved cheeses.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Decrease Aortic Valve Disease Through the Resolvin E1 and ChemR23 Axis; Background: Aortic valve stenosis (AVS), which is the most common valvular heart disease, causes a progressive narrowing of the aortic valve as a consequence of thickening and calcification of the aortic valve leaflets. The beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in cardiovascular prevention have recently been demonstrated in a large randomized, controlled trial. In addition, n-3 PUFAs serve as the substrate for the synthesis of specialized proresolving mediators, which are known by their potent beneficial anti-inflammatory, proresolving, and tissue-modifying properties in cardiovascular disease. However, the effects of n-3 PUFA and specialized proresolving mediators on AVS have not yet been determined. The aim of this study was to identify the role of n-3 PUFA-derived specialized proresolving mediators in relation to the development of AVS. Methods: Lipidomic and transcriptomic analyses were performed in human tricuspid aortic valves. Apoe(-/-)mice and wire injury in C57BL/6J mice were used as models for mechanistic studies. Results: We found that n-3 PUFA incorporation into human stenotic aortic valves was higher in noncalcified regions compared with calcified regions. Liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry-based lipid mediator lipidomics identified that the n-3 PUFA-derived specialized proresolving mediator resolvin E1 was dysregulated in calcified regions and acted as a calcification inhibitor. Apoe(-/-)mice expressing theCaenorhabditis elegansFat-1 transgene (Fat-1(tg)xApoe(-/-)), which enables the endogenous synthesis of n-3 PUFA and increased valvular n-3 PUFA content, exhibited reduced valve calcification, lower aortic valve leaflet area, increased M2 macrophage polarization, and improved echocardiographic parameters. Finally, abrogation of the resolvin E1 receptor ChemR23 enhanced disease progression, and the beneficial effects of Fat-1(tg)were abolished in the absence of ChemR23. Conclusions: n-3 PUFA-derived resolvin E1 and its receptor ChemR23 emerge as a key axis in the inhibition of AVS progression and may represent a novel potential therapeutic opportunity to be evaluated in patients with AVS.
Systematic Analysis of Molecular Mechanisms of Action of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Arrhythmia; Safe pharmacotherapy and prevention of arrhythmia is an urgent problem of modern cardiology. Essential micronutrients such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUF-) significantly contribute to the metabolic processes in cardiomyocytes and cardiac conduction system. This article presents a systematic analysis of anti-arrhythmic effects of omega-3 PUFA and of standardized ethyl esters of omega-3 PUFA. The currently available data indicate two fundamentally different molecular mechanisms of anti-arrhythmic effects: "slow": and "fast", types. Formulation of fundamental prospects of bioinformatic studies of molecular effects of anti-arrhythmic action of omega-3 PUF-s is presented.
Effects of omega-3 on metabolic markers in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome; Objective The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of diet alone or combined with omega-3 supplementation on metabolic and inflammatory markers in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome.
Does omega-3 lower blood pressure? A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Hypertension is a clinically common cardiovascular disease, resulting in many complications. Omega-3 might be beneficial in lowering blood pressure. This protocol will be performed to evaluate the effects of omega-3 on blood pressure in hypertensive patients. Methods: We will search both the electronical databases and paper-published journals. Endnote software will be used to complete study screening and data extraction by 2 reviewers independently. Review Manager software will be used to synthesize the data. The primary outcomes are systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure. Secondary outcome is the adverse effects. Results: The results of this study will propose a trustworthy evidence to evaluate the effects of omega-3 on blood pressure of hypertensive patients. Conclusion: The conclusion of our systematic review will reply whether omega-3 is an effectual intervention to lower blood pressure of hypertensive patients. Ethics: This review does not require ethical approval because all of the data analyzed in this review have been published. Registration number: INPLASY202070103 (DOI number: 10.37766/inplasy2020.7.0103)
Fish oil and omega-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular disease: do they really work?; Omega-3 fatty acids, which are found abundantly in fish oil, exert pleiotropic cardiometabolic effects with a diverse range of actions. The results of previous studies raised a lot of interest in the role of fish oil and omega-3 fatty acids in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. The present review will focus on the current clinical uses of omega-3 fatty acids and provide an update on their effects. Since recently published trials in patients with coronary artery diseases or post-myocardial infarction did not show an effect of omega-3 fatty acids on major cardiovascular endpoints, this review will examine the limitations of those data and suggest recommendations for the use of omega-3 fatty acids.
Omega-3 fatty acids and cardiac arrhythmias; Purpose of review
The Nematode <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i> as a Model Organism to Study Metabolic Effects of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Obesity; Obesity is a complex disease that is influenced by several factors, such as diet, physical activity, developmental stage, age, genes, and their interactions with the environment. Obesity develops as a result of expansion of fatmass when the intake of energy, stored as triglycerides, exceeds its expenditure. Approximately 40% of the US population suffers from obesity, which represents a worldwide public health problem associated with chronic low-grade adipose tissue and systemic inflammation (sterile inflammation), in part due to adipose tissue expansion. In patients with obesity, energy homeostasis is further impaired by inflammation, oxidative stress, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome. These pathologic conditions increase the risk of developing other chronic diseases including diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, and certain forms of cancer. It is well documented that several bioactive compounds such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) are able to reduce adipose and systemic inflammation and blood triglycerides and, in some cases, improve glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in vertebrate animal models of obesity. A promising model organism that is gaining tremendous interest for studies of lipid and energy metabolism is the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. This roundworm stores fats as droplets within its hypodermal and intestinal cells. The nematode's transparent skin enables fat droplet visualization and quantification with the use of dyes that have affinity to lipids. This article provides a review of major research over the past several years on the use of C. elegans to study the effects of omega-3 PUFAs on lipid metabolism and energy homeostasis relative to metabolic diseases.
Omega-3 fatty acids: a comprehensive scientific review of their sources, functions and health benefits; BackgroundIn recent years, public awareness of healthy diets has significantly increased, leading to a rise in the consumption of nutritional supplements. Among these, omega-3 fatty acids have become particularly popular. n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are widely distributed in marine and terrestrial environments. The primary sources of marine n - 3 fatty acid supplements are oily fish, such as anchovies, sardines and mackerel. Recently, they have drawn considerable attention for their potential therapeutic benefits in treating a range of illnesses, including cancer, neurological disorders, cardiovascular diseases, immunological and reproductive diseases, respectively.Main textThis study explores the many activities of n - 3 PUFAs, highlighting their importance in cellular processes that include signaling pathways, cell membrane integrity and structural maintenance. These fatty acids significantly regulate important physiological functions including the neurological system, blood pressure control, hematopoiesis, glucose metabolism and inflammatory responses. The latter highlights the wide therapeutic range of n - 3 PUFAs is especially notable considering the implications for controlling inflammatory disorders. Furthermore, the chemistry and dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids are clarified in this review, which also sheds light on the complex molecular pathways that support the therapeutic efficacy of these fats and their bioavailability. The most recent information on the FDA's approval of omega-3 oils for use in formulation development highlights the compounds' adaptability and potential influence on the development of novel medications.ConclusionA thorough analysis of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reveals both their remarkable therapeutic potential against a variety of diseases and their essential place in a normal diet. This study adds to the increasing amount of data that supports the use of n - 3 PUFAs in preventative and therapeutic approaches that are meant to improve human health and well-being by clarifying their mechanisms of action and emphasizing their applicability in formulation and development.
Omega-6/omega-3 essential fatty acid ratio and chronic diseases; Several sources of information suggest that human beings evolved on a diet with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 essential fatty acids (EFA) of similar to1 whereas in Western diets the ratio is 15/1-16.7/1. Western diets are deficient in omega-3 fatty acids, and have, excessive amounts of omega-6 fatty acids compared with the diet on which human beings evolved and their genetic patterns were established. Excessive amounts of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and a very high omega-6/omega-3 ratio, as is found in today's Western diets, promote the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, whereas increased levels of omega-3 PUFA (a lower omega-6/omega-3 ratio), exert suppressive effects. In the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, a ratio of 4/1 was associated with a 70% decrease in total mortality. A ratio of 2.5/1 reduced rectal cell proliferation in patients with colorectal cancer, whereas a ratio of 4/1 with the same amount of omega-3 PUFA had no effect. The lower omega-6/omega-3 ratio in women with breast cancer was associated with decreased risk. A ratio of 2-3/1 suppressed inflammation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and a ratio of 511 had a beneficial effect on patients with asthma, whereas a ratio of 10/1 had adverse consequences. These studies indicate that the optimal ratio may vary with the disease under consideration. This is consistent with the fact that chronic diseases are multigenic and multifactorial. Therefore, it is quite possible that the therapeutic dose of omega-3 fatty acids will depend on the degree of severity of disease resulting from the genetic predisposition. A lower ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is more desirable in reducing the risk of many of the chronic diseases of high prevalence in Western societies, as well as in the developing countries, that are being exported to the rest of the world.
Blood Pressure Modulating Properties of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFA) Another PUFA Heart Protective Effect?; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) from fish and fish oils appear to protect against coronary heart disease: their dietary intake is in fact inversely associated to cardiovascular disease morbidity/mortality in population studies. Recent evidence suggests that at least a part of their heart protective effect is mediated by a relatively small but significant decrease in blood pressure level. In fact, omega-3 PUFAs exhibit wide-ranging biological actions that include regulating both vasomotor tone and renal sodium excretion, partly competing with omega-6 PUFAs for common metabolic enzymes and thereby decreasing the production of vasoconstriction rather than vasodilating and anti-inflammatory eicosanoids. PUFAs also reduce angiotensin-converting enzyme activity, angiotensin II formation and tumour growth factor-beta expression, enhance endothelial nitric oxide generation and activate the parasympathetic nervous system. The final results are an improved vasodilation and arterial compliance of both small and large arteries. Preliminary clinical trials involving patients with dyslipidaemia, patients with diabetes mellitus and elderly subjects, as well as normotensive and hypertensive subjects, confirm this working hypothesis: two meta-analyses suggest that PUFA are able to slightly, but significantly improve arterial hypertension. Future research will clarify whether PUFA supplementation could improve the antihypertensive action of specific blood-pressure-lowering drug classes and of statins.
Why docosapentaenoic acid is not included in the Omega-3 Index; As currently defined, the Omega-3 Index comprises eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), but not docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) in erythrocytes. In fish and many fish oils DPA is detectable (along with EPA and DHA), but sources rich in DPA are scarce. Purified DPA is available, and DPA is a precursor of biologically active molecules, but much remains to be learned about the effects of DPA in humans. In epidemiologic studies, erythrocyte DPA did not predict risk for total mortality, sudden cardiac death, or other relevant cardiovascular events, and, more importantly, did not improve prediction of these events when included along with EPA and DHA, the original Omega-3 Index. We conclude that current scientific evidence does not support including DPA into the Omega-3 Index.
Omega-3 fatty acids in heart disease-why accurately measured levels matter; Current guidelines barely support marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in cardiology, mainly because results of large trials were equivocal. Most large trials have tested EPA alone or EPA + DHA combined as a drug, thereby disregarding the relevance of their blood levels. These levels are frequently assessed with the Omega-3 Index (percentage of EPA + DHA in erythrocytes), which is determined using a specific standardised analytical procedure. EPA and DHA are present in every human being at unpredictable levels (even in the absence of intake), and their bioavailability is complex. Both facts need to be incorporated into trial design and should direct clinical use of EPA and DHA. An Omega-3 Index in the target range of 8-11% is associated with lower total mortality, fewer major adverse cardiac and other cardiovascular events. Moreover, functions of organs such as the brain benefit from an Omega-3 Index in the target range, while untoward effects, such as bleeding or atrial fibrillation, are minimised. In pertinent intervention trials, several organ functions were improved, with improvements correlating with the Omega-3 Index. Thus, the Omega-3 Index is relevant in trial design and clinical medicine, which calls for a widely available standardised analytical procedure and a discussion on possible reimbursement of this test.
Long-term dietary n3 fatty acid prevents aging-related cardiac diastolic and vascular dysfunction; Aims: The prevalence of left ventricular (LV) diastolic and vascular dysfunction increases with age, eventually leading to heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF). A preventive strategy is an unmet medical need. We and others reported previously on the beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acid alpha linolenic acid (ALA) on cardiovascular disorders in animal models and translational studies. We now investigate whether long-term dietary ALA could prevent LV diastolic dysfunction and vascular aging in a murine model.
Genome-Wide Interaction Study of Omega-3 PUFAs and Other Fatty Acids on Inflammatory Biomarkers of Cardiovascular Health in the Framingham Heart Study; Numerous genetic loci have been identified as being associated with circulating fatty acid (FA) levels and/or inflammatory biomarkers of cardiovascular health (e.g., C-reactive protein). Recently, using red blood cell (RBC) FA data from the Framingham Offspring Study, we conducted a genome-wide association study of over 2.5 million single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and 22 RBC FAs (and associated ratios), including the four Omega-3 FAs (ALA, DHA, DPA, and EPA). Our analyses identified numerous causal loci. In this manuscript, we investigate the extent to which polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels moderate the relationship of genetics to cardiovascular health biomarkers using a genome-wide interaction study approach. In particular, we test for possible gene-FA interactions on 9 inflammatory biomarkers, with 2.5 million SNPs and 12 FAs, including all Omega-3 PUFAs. We identified eighteen novel loci, including loci which demonstrate strong evidence of modifying the impact of heritable genetics on biomarker levels, and subsequently cardiovascular health. The identified genes provide increased clarity on the biological functioning and role of Omega-3 PUFAs, as well as other common fatty acids, in cardiovascular health, and suggest numerous candidate loci for future replication and biological characterization.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AND BLOOD PRESSURE; There is substantial evidence that omega 3 fatty acids reduce blood pressure, with a greater effect in hypertensive patients and those with high-normal blood pressure. The dose of omega 3 fatty acids required to achieve a blood pressure reduction is likely to be at least 3-4 g/day. However, the magnitude of the blood pressure change can be increased by salt restriction or when omega 3 fatty acids are incorporated into a weight reducing program. It is also highly plausible that increased omega 3 fatty acid consumption as part of a dietary change including increased consumption of fruits and vegetables, and moderation of salt intake, will confer significant cardiovascular benefit.
Alternative sources of bioactive omega-3 fatty acids: what are the options?; Purpose of reviewThe very-long chain (VLC) omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) promote optimal development, physiological function and healthy ageing and help to manage disease. EPA and DHA are sourced mainly from fish, which is not sustainable. This review explores alternative sustainable sources.Recent findingsRecent research confirms that higher intake and status of EPA and DHA are associated with health benefits including lower risk of incident type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease mortality. Meta-analyses confirm benefits of intravenous EPA and DHA in hospitalized adults. Algal oils and seed oils from some genetically modified (GM) plants are sources of EPA and DHA. An oil from GM camelina showed equivalence with fish oil in human trials. Ahiflower oil, a source of stearidonic acid, had biological effects in experimental studies that might translate into health benefits. An intravenous lipid emulsion based on Ahiflower oil has been tested in experimental research. Pine nut oil (PNO) is a source of pinolenic acid, which is not an omega-3 PUFA but has similar actions.SummaryAlgal oils, oils from GM seed crops, Ahiflower oil and other sources of stearidonic acid, and nonomega-3 oils including PNO, are plant-sourced sustainable alternatives to fish-sourced VLC omega-3 PUFAs.
ROLE OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS IN HEALTH AND DISEASE; Dietary lipid interventions have an important role in modulating the onset of autoimmunity, cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Many studies carried out in the past have established the adverse effects of saturated fats in humans and in animal models. Based on these adverse effects, the consumption of vegetable oils containing both monounsaturated omega (omega)-9 and polyunsaturated fatty acids (rich in 18:2 omega-6) is rising significantly in the United States. The increased consumption of many vegetable oils particularly of omega-6 series is however to be viewed as pro-inflammatory and is suspected as one of the possible causes for the gradual rise in certain malignant tumors, rheumatoid arthritis and autoimmune diseases primarily due to the increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines although its increased usage has reduced cardiovascular disease nearly 30% in the United States. Diets based on omega-6 enriched oils can increase the level of linoleic acid in tissue phosphoglycerides and are able to reduce cholesterol levels, yet these lipids usually tend to elevate excessive arachidonic acid (20:4 omega-6) levels. In contrast, omega-3 fatty acid-enriched fish oil (FO) and/or omega-3 precursors from certain vegetable oils (linolenic acid, 18:3 omega-3) are found to provide protection against cardiovascular disease, rheumatoid arthritis, cancer and possibly against the severity of viral infections. Nutritional modification of cellular functions by dietary lipids with a balanced ratio of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids offers an attractive avenue to correct, modify and/or prevent many patho-physiological processes in health and disease state and to reduce toxicity of drugs in many patients. The mediation of such effects is thought to be primarily achieved through alterations of cellular membranes composition and other endogenous lipid stores which may modify the functional activity of various receptors on plasma membranes. In summary, the protective effects of omega-3 lipids have been explained based on changes in eicosanoid synthesis and the reduced risk of sudden death from cardiac arrhythmia, increased protection from ischemic myocardium, improved myocardial function and reduction of other cardiovascular and autoimmune disease risks. However, well-designed studies are still required to further define the key role of both combination of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids, from marine and vegetable sources, both as a supplement to infant nutrition specifically for optimizing the development of cognitive function, and also as preventive measure for reducing the incidence of diseases of aging in rapidly growing elderly populations.
Risks and benefits of omega 3 fats for mortality, cardiovascular disease, and cancer: systematic review; Objective 16 review systematically the evidence for an effect of long chain and shorter chain omega 3 fatty acids on total mortality, cardiovascular events, and cancer.
Advances in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid nutrition; There is conclusive evidence to demonstrate the role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in human development and growth, vision, and cell membrane fluidity (membrane order). N-3 PUFA also contribute to human health maintenance through correction of arrhythmias, inhibition of platelet aggregation and prolongation of clotting time, lowering blood pressure, lowering serum triglycerides and plasma homocysteine, being antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory, being cardio-protective, increasing insulin sensitivity in Asians, and decreasing the risk of breast and colorectal cancers. This understanding of a wide spectrum of biological effects attributable to n-3 PUFA has been unsettled by a systematic review of randomized clinical intervention trials (RCTs) which has reported that n-3 PUFA have negligible or no effect on all-cause or cardiovascular mortality. Here, possible reasons for the inconsistencies in regard to n-3 PUFA and cardiovascular diseases, along with the implications for their broader biology, are considered.
The promise of omega-3 against sudden unexpected death in epilepsy: until further notice, it remains innocent, until proven guilty; The present paper highlighted the importance of the recommended levels of fish consumption or omega-3 supplementation in order to minimize the frequency of seizures in people with uncontrolled epilepsy and, especially, to reduce the occurrence of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP).
Basal omega-3 fatty acid status affects fatty acid and oxylipin responses to high-dose n3-HUFA in healthy volunteers; A subject's baseline FA composition may influence the ability of dietary highly unsaturated omega-3 FAs (n3-HUFA) to change circulating profiles of esterified FAs and their oxygenated metabolites. This study evaluates the influence of basal n3-HUFA and n3-oxylipin status on the magnitude of response to n3-HUFA consumption. Blood was collected from fasting subjects (n = 30) before and after treatment (4 weeks; 11 +/- 2 mg/kg/day n3-HUFA ethyl esters). Esterified FAs were quantified in erythrocytes, platelets, and plasma by GC-MS. Esterified oxylipins were quantified in plasma by LC-MS/MS. Treatment with n3-HUFAs increased n3-HUFAs and decreased n6-HUFAs in all reservoirs and increased plasma n3-oxylipins without significantly changing n6-oxylipin concentrations. As subject basal n3-HUFAs increased, treatment-associated changes decreased, and this behavior was reflected in the percentage of 20:5n3 + 22:6n3 in red blood cell membrane FAs (i.e., the omega-3 index). To maintain an omega-3 index of 8% and thus reduce cardiovascular disease risk, our analyses suggest a maintenance dose of 7 mg/kg/day n3-HUFA ethyl esters for a 70-kg individual.(jlr) These results suggest that the basal n3 index may have clinical utility to establish efficacious therapeutic experimental feeding regimens and to evaluate the USDA Dietary Guidelines recommendations for n3-HUFA consumption.-Keenan, A. H., T. L. Pedersen, K.i Fillaus, M. K. Larson, G. C. Shearer, and J. W. Newman. Basal omega-3 fatty acid status affects fatty acid and oxylipin responses to high-dose n3-HUFA in healthy volunteers. J. Lipid Res. 2012. 53: 1662-1669.
Omega 3 fatty acid for the prevention of cognitive decline and dementia; Background
Cardiac mortality is associated with low levels of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in the heart of cadavers with a history of coronary heart disease; The benefits of omega-3 (ie, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) and omega-6 (ie, linoleic acid and arachidonic acid [AA]) fatty acids on reducing cardiac mortality are still debated. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that high levels of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in heart tissues are associated with low cardiac mortality in Thai cadavers. One hundred fresh cadavers were examined in this study. The cause of death, history of coronary heart disease (CHID), and fish consumption habits were obtained from death certificates, cadaver medical record profiles, and a questionnaire to a person who lived with the subject before death. In each cadaver, biopsies of cardiac tissues were taken from the interventricular septum for measurement of fatty acid. Of the 100 cadavers (average age, 69 +/- 13 years), 60 were men. The frequency of fish consumption was directly associated with omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in heart tissues (P < .01). History of CHD and cause of death (cardiac vs noncardiac) were not significantly associated with levels of omega-3 or omega-6 fatty acids. However, in cadavers with a history of CHD, high levels of omega-3 and omega-6, particularly DHA and AA, were associated with low cardiac mortality (P < .05). Fish consumption is associated with levels of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in heart tissues. Although omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are not associated with cardiac mortality in the overall studied population, their low levels (especially DHA and AA) in heart tissues are associated with high cardiac mortality in cadavers with a history of CHD. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Stunting is a recognized problem: Evidence for the potential benefits of ω-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; Stunting remains a major nutritional problem worldwide, especially in middle- and low-income countries including Indonesia. A number of nutritional feeding programs to cure stunting are basically addressing the problem of malnutrition. These programs are particularly designed to promote recovery of normal metabolic function and weight gain. The currently available remedial formula for malnutrition contains energy and nutrients to recover the weight, but there is less nutrition that would support optimal functional development of tissues including the central nervous system. Research has documented that sufficient intakes of dietary omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids are important for optimal health throughout the life span, especially brain development and cognition. The aim of this study was to review the evidence for the role of food sources of these fatty acids on children's health and growth. To our knowledge, very little work has been conducted on remedial formulas enriched with omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids for malnutrition and optimal health, highlighting a need for intervention studies investigating the health benefits of the formula for malnutrition and optimal health, which may prevent stunting and also may promote optimal health. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Supplements and Cardiovascular Disease Outcome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis on Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Many meta-analyses and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of Omega-3 supplements for cardiovascular dis-ease (CVD) have come to different outcomes. Besides, previous meta-analyses have missed some key RCTs on this topic. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library and Web of Science were manually searched for eligible RCTs on Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) use for CVD. Risk estimates of each relevant outcome were calculated as a hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence interval (95% CI) using the random-effects model. Subgroup analysis was conducted according to the main characteristics of the population, sensitivity analysis would be performed if there was significant heterogeneity among analyses on relevant outcomes. Statistical het-erogeneity was assessed using chi-square tests and quantified using I-square statistics. Results: Nineteen eligible RCTs incorporating 116,498 populations were included. Omega-3 PUFA supplementation could not significantly improve the outcomes of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) (HR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.91-1.06), myocardial infarction (MI) (HR: 0.86, 95% CI: 0.70-1.05), coronary heart disease (CHD) (HR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.80-1.01), stroke (HR: 1.00, 95% CI: 0.91-1.10), SCD (sudden cardiac death) (HR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.80-1.02), all-cause mortality (HR: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.89-1.04), hospitalization (HR: 0.99, 95% CI: 0.81-1.20), hospitalization for all heart disease (HR: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.83-1.00), hospitalization for heart failure (HR: 0.97, 95% CI: 0.91-1.04). Although omega-3 PUFA significantly reduced revascularization (HR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.81-1.00) and cardiovascular mortality (CV mortality) (HR: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.85-0.97), risk for atrial fibrillation (AF) was also increased (HR: 1.56, 95% CI: 1.27-1.91). Subgroup analysis results kept consistent with the main results. Conclusions: Omega-3 PUFA supplementation could reduce the risk for CV mortality and revascularization, it also increased the AF incidence. No obvious benefits on other CVD outcomes were identified. Overall, potential CVD benefits and harm for AF should be balanced when using omega-3 PUFA for patients or populations at high risk.
Long-chain, n-3 fatty acids and physical activity - Independent and interactive associations with cardiac autonomic control; Background/objectives: Intake of the marine-based, n-3 fatty acids and engagement in physical activity are inversely related to cardiac morbidity and mortality. Among putative mechanisms, both n-3 fatty acids and physical activity may act through modulation of autonomic control of the cardiovascular system. This investigation examined the independent and interactive associations of n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexanenoic acid; EPA, DHA) and physical activity with heart rate variability (HRV).
The other side of the coin: Beneficiary effect of omega-3 fatty acids in sudden unexpected death in epilepsy; The epilepsies are the most common serious neurological condition. People with epilepsy have a two- to threefold increased risk of dying prematurely than those without epilepsy, and the most common epilepsy-related category of death is sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). The exact pathophysiological causes of SUDEP remain unknown, but it is very probable that cardiac arrhythmia during and between seizures plays a potential role. Although the pharmacological treatments available for the epilepsies have expanded, antiepileptic drugs are still limited in clinical efficacy. In this regard, several factors such as genetic, environmental, and social can contribute to the inefficacy of therapeutic outcome in patients with epilepsy. Among these factors, nutritional aspects, that is, omega-3 fatty acid deficiency, have an interesting role in this scenario. Animal and clinical studies have demonstrated that omega-3 fatty acids may be useful in the prevention and treatment of epilepsy. Moreover, as omega-3 fatty acids per se have been shown to reduce cardiac arrhythmias and sudden cardiac deaths, it has been proposed that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with refractory seizures may reduce seizures and seizure-associated cardiac arrhythmias and, hence, SUDEP. Given their relative safety and general health benefits, our update article summarizes the knowledge of the role of dietary omega-3 fatty acids in epilepsy. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevention of coronary disease and sudden death by nutrition; Nutrition influences sudden cardiac death (SCD) not only by determining the development of atherosclerotic coronary disease but possibly also by more specific rhythm stabilizing abilities of some nutrients. Quantitative aspects A body mass index >30 is associated with a 2.6-fold risk of SCD, probably via the risk factors diabetes and hypertension. Qualitative aspects: a-linolenic acid (ALA) is a substrate for the production of the N-3-fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) und docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The consumption of ALA correlates with decreased MI risk. Fish consumption is (in case control studies) associated with reduced MI-risk and (in prospective controlled studies) with decreased risk of SCD. Two or more fish meals/week and the estimated N-3-fatty acids (n-3-FA) ingestion of >1.2 g/week correlate with a reduced SCD-risk. The blood level of the N-3-FA EPA and DHA correlate highly with a reduced risk for SCD. It is likely that the marine production of N-3-FA will not suffice to supply the amount needed for large scale prevention. Industrial farming of algae and genetic modification of mammal muscle cells resulting in improved ability to transform N-6-FA to corresponding N-3-FA could contribute to better availability of N-3-FA for prevention.
Omega-3 fatty acids and blood pressure; Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that consumption of omega (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) contributes to the reduction of cardiovascular mortality through different mechanisms including modulation of cellular metabolic functions, gene expression and beneficial effects on lipid profile or blood pressure. The aim of the study is to review the effects of omega-3 PUFA supplemented as fish oil or blue fish in blood pressure. The analysis of different studies suggests that high doses omega-3 PUFA (>= 3 g/day) produces a small but significant decrease in blood pressure, especially systolic blood pressure, in older and hypertensive subjects; however, the evidence is not consistent among different studies. omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption might have a place in the control of patients with mild hypertension before starting drug treatment and of those who prefer changes of lifestyles like diet.
<i>n</i>-3 Fatty acids preserve muscle mass and insulin sensitivity in a rat model of energy restriction; In obese subjects, the loss of fat mass during energy restriction is often accompanied by a loss of muscle mass. The hypothesis that n-3 PUFA, which modulate protein homoeostasis via effects on insulin sensitivity, could contribute to maintain muscle mass during energy restriction was tested in rats fed a high-fat diet (4 weeks) rich in 18 : 1 n-9 (oleic acid, OLE-R), 18 : 3 n-3 (alpha-linolenic acid, ALA-R) or n-3 long-chain (LC-R) fatty acid and then energy restricted (8 weeks). A control group (OLE-ad libitum (AL)) was maintained with AL diet throughout the study. Rats were killed 10 min after an i.v. insulin injection. All energy-restricted rats lost weight and fat mass, but only the OLE-R group showed a significant muscle loss. The Gastrocnemius muscle was enriched with ALA in the ALA-R group and with LC-PUFA in the ALA-R and LC-R groups. The proteolytic ubiquitin-proteasome system was differentially affected by energy restriction, with MAFbx and muscle ring finger-1 mRNA levels being decreased in the LC-R group (-30 and -20 %, respectively). RAC-a serine/threonine-protein kinase and insulin receptor substrate 1 phosphorylation levels increased in the LC-R group (+ 70 %), together with insulin receptor mRNA (+ 50 %). The ALA-R group showed the same overall activation pattern as the LC-R group, although to a lesser extent. In conclusion, dietary n-3 PUFA prevent the loss of muscle mass associated with energy restriction, probably by an improvement in the insulin-signalling pathway activation, in relation to enrichment of plasma membranes in n-3 LC-PUFA.
Linoleic Acid Status in Cell Membranes Inversely Relates to the Prevalence of Symptomatic Carotid Artery Disease; Background and Purpose:
Fish and n-3 fatty acids for the prevention of fatal coronary heart disease and sudden cardiac death; Large observational studies, randomized clinical trials, and experimental studies have evaluated the effects of fish and n-3 fatty acid consumption on fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) and sudden cardiac death (SCD), clinically defined events that most often share the final common pathway of fatal ventricular arrhythmia. These different study designs, each having complementary strengths and limitations, provide strong concordant evidence that modest consumption of fish or fish oil (1-2 servings/wk of oily fish, or similar to 250 mg/d of EPA+DHA) substantially reduces the risk of CHD death and SCD. Pooled analysis of prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials demonstrates the magnitude and dose-response of this effect, with 36% lower risk of CHD death comparing 0 and 250 mg/d of EPA+DHA consumption (P < 0.001), but then little additional benefit with higher intakes. Reductions in risk are even larger in observational studies utilizing tissue biomarkers of n-3 fatty acids that more accurately measure dietary consumption. The concordance of findings from different studies also suggests that effects of fish or fish oil on CHD death and SCD do not vary depending on presence or absence of established CHD. The strength and consistency of the evidence, and the magnitude of this effect are each notable. Because more than one-half of all CHD deaths and two-thirds of SCD occur among individuals without recognized heart disease, modest consumption of fish or fish oil, together with smoking cessation and regular moderate physical activity, should be among the first-line treatments for prevention of CHD death and SCD.
Effects of a 12-week high-α-linolenic acid intervention on EPA and DHA concentrations in red blood cells and plasma oxylipin pattern in subjects with a low EPA and DHA status; The essential omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n3) can be converted into EPA and DHA. The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of a high-ALA diet on EPA and DHA levels in red blood cells (RBCs) and their oxylipins in the plasma of subjects with a low EPA and DHA status. Fatty acid concentrations [mu g mL(-1)] and relative amounts [% of total fatty acids] in the RBCs of 19 healthy men (mean age 26.4 +/- 4.6 years) were analyzed by means of GC-FID. Free plasma oxylipin concentrations were determined by LC-MS based targeted metabolomics. Samples were collected and analyzed at baseline (week 0) and after 1 (week 1), 3 (week 3), 6 (week 6), and 12 (week 12) weeks of high dietary ALA intake (14.0 +/- 0.45 g day(-1)). ALA concentrations significantly (p < 0.001) increased from 1.44 +/- 0.10 (week 0) to 4.65 +/- 0.22 (week 1), 5.47 +/- 0.23 (week 3), 6.25 +/- 0.24 (week 6), and 5.80 +/- 0.28 (week 12) mu g mL(-1). EPA concentrations increased from 6.13 +/- 0.51 (week 0) to 7.33 +/- 0.33 (week 1), 8.38 +/- 0.42 (p = 0.021, week 3), 10.9 +/- 0.67 (p < 0.001, week 6), and 11.0 +/- 0.64 (p < 0.001, week 12) mu g mL(-1). DHA concentrations unexpectedly decreased from 41.0 +/- 1.93 (week 0) to 37.0 +/- 1.32 (week 1), 36.1 +/- 1.37 (week 3), 35.1 +/- 1.06 (p = 0.010, week 6), and 30.4 +/- 1.09 (p < 0.001, week 12) mu g mL(-1). Relative Sigma EPA + DHA amounts were unchanged during the intervention (week 0: 4.63 +/- 0.19, week 1: 4.67 +/- 0.16, week 3: 4.61 +/- 0.13, week 6: 4.73 +/- 0.15, week 12: 4.52 +/- 0.11). ALA- and EPA-derived hydroxy- and dihydroxy-PUFA increased similarly to their PUFA precursors, although in the case of ALA-derived oxylipins, the concentrations increased less rapidly and to a lesser extent compared to the concentrations of their precursor FA. LA-derived oxylipins remained unchanged and arachidonic acid and DHA oxylipin concentrations were not significantly changed. Our results confirm that the intake of ALA is not a sufficient source for the increase of EPA + DHA in subjects on a Western diet. Specifically, a high-ALA diet results in increased EPA and declined DHA concentrations. However, the changes effectively balance each other out so that Sigma EPA + DHA in RBCs - which is an established marker for health protective effects of omega-3-PUFA-remains constant. The PUFA levels in RBCs reflect the concentration and its changes in plasma hydroxy- and dihydroxy-PUFA concentrations for ALA and EPA.
Neuroprotective Effect of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Bilirubin Encephalopathy <i>In Vitro</i> and <i>In Vivo</i>; Background: Bilirubin encephalopathy is a serious complication in neonatal jaundice and is associated with high mortality and disability in newborns. The present study aimed to investigate the neuroprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) on bilirubin encephalopathy in vitro and in vivo.
Natural remedies medicine derived from flaxseed (secoisolariciresinol diglucoside, lignans, and α-linolenic acid) improve network targeting efficiency of diabetic heart conditions based on computational chemistry techniques and pharmacophore modeling; Cytokine storms lead to cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Natural herbal compounds are considered the primary source of active agents with the potential to prevent or treat inflammatory-related pathologies such as CVD and diabetes. Flaxseed contains phytochemicals, including secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and lignans, termed "SAL." Hence, we evaluated the effect of the SAL on the H9c2 cardiac cells in hyperlipidemic and hyperglycemic conditions. Here, candidate hub genes, TNF-alpha, IL6, SIRT1, NRF1, NPPA, and FGF7, were selected as effective genes in diabetic cardiovascular pathogenesis based on in-silico analysis and chemoinformatic. Myocardial infarction (MI) was induced using H9c2 cardiac cells in hyperlipidemic and hyperglycemic conditions. Real-time qPCR was conducted to assess the expression level of hub genes. This study indicated that SAL compounds bound to the Il-6, SIRT1, and TNF-alpha active sites as druggable candidate proteins based on the chemoinformatics analysis. This study displayed that the TNF-alpha, IL6, SIRT1, NRF1, NPPA, and FGF7 network dysfunction in MI models were ameliorated by SAL consumption. Furthermore, SAL compounds improved the function and myogenesis of H9c2 cells in hyperlipidemic and hyperglycemic conditions. Our data suggested that phytochemicals obtained from flaxseed might have proposed potential complementary treatment or preventive strategies for MI. Practical applications Phytochemicals obtained from flaxseed (SAL) could reverse diabetic heart dysfunction hallmarks and provide new potential treatment approaches in cardiovascular therapy. SAL could be considered complementary and alternative medicines for treating various disorders/diseases singly or synchronizing with prescription drugs.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in patients with chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy is an inflammatory disease that occurs in approximately 30% of patients infected by the protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi, and it has a profile of high morbidity and mortality. The worst prognosis and the progression of this cardiomyopathy are associated with an exacerbated immune response and the production of proinflammatory cytokines, which also occur in other cardiomyopathies. Some nutrients, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), promote the inhibition and/or stimulation of cytokine production. The objective of this trial is to study the effects of omega-3 PUFA supplementation on the inflammatory response and lipid profile in patients with chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy.
Red blood cell polyunsaturated fatty acids and mortality in the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study; BACKGROUND: The prognostic value of circulating polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels is unclear.
<i>n</i>-3 Fatty acids prevent whereas <i>trans</i>-fatty acids induce vascular inflammation and sudden cardiac death; n-3 PUFA have well-recognised cardio-beneficial effects. In contrast, premature coronary deaths are associated with consumption of high levels of trans-fatty acids (TFA). The present study determined the effects of n-3 PUFA and TFA on sudden cardiac death and vascular inflammation. A rat coronary ligation model was used to study the effect of fatty acids on sudden cardiac death, whereas a mouse femoral artery ligation model was used to study compensatory vascular remodelling. Human aortic endothelial cells (HAEC) were utilised for the in vitro studies to investigate expression of inflammatory molecules. Feeding animals an n-3 PUFA-enriched diet caused a sevenfold increase in plasma n-3 PUFA compared with that of the TFA-fed group, whereas a TFA-enriched diet caused a 2.5-fold increase in plasma TFA compared with the n-3 PUFA group. Animals on a TFA diet had a lower survival rate due to sudden cardiac death and exhibited variable degrees of aortic atherosclerotic lesions. Animals on a TFA diet had diminished hindlimb collateral growth, whereas animals on the n-3 PUFA diet exhibited extensive collateral growth about ligated regions. HAEC treated with TFA (trans-18 : 2) showed significantly increased expression of intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and nitrosylation of cellular proteins than those treated with DHA (n-3 PUFA, 22:6). The in vivo study demonstrates that, in contrast to TFA, n-3 PUFA improve animal survival after myocardial infarction, prevent development of atherosclerotic lesions and stimulate compensatory vascular remodelling. The in vitro study demonstrates that TFA induce, while n-3 PUFA prevent, vascular inflammation.
The Current Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Management of Atrial Fibrillation; Background: The main dietary source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) is fish, which contains eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In the present manuscript, we aimed to review the current evidence regarding the clinical role of n-3 PUFA in the prevention of atrial fibrillation (AF) and the possible underlying mechanisms. Methods: A literature search based on PubMed listings was performed using Omega-3 fatty acids and atrial fibrilation as key search terms. Results: n-3 PUFA have been shown to attenuate structural atrial remodeling, prolong atrial effective refractory period through the prevention of reentry and suppress ectopic firing from pulmonary veins. Dietary fish intake has been found to have no effect on the incidence of AF in the majority of studies. Circulating DHA has been consistently reported to be inversely associated with AF risk, whereas EPA has no such effect. The majority of studies investigating the impact of n-3 PUFA supplementation on the incidence of AF following cardiac surgery reported no benefit, though most of them did not use n-3 PUFA pretreatment for adequate duration. Studies using adequate four-week pretreatment with n-3 PUFA before cardioversion of AF showed a reduction of the AF incidence. Conclusions: Although n-3 PUFA have antiarrhythmogenic properties, their clinical efficacy on the prevention of AF is not consistently supported. Further well-designed studies are needed to overcome the limitations of the existing studies and provide robust conclusions.
Intake of fish and omega-3 fatty acids and risk of stroke in women; Context Some prospective studies have shown an inverse association between fish intake and risk of stroke, but none has examined the relationship of fish and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake with risk of specific stroke subtypes.
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiac protection: An overview; There have been increasing research efforts in recent years to evaluate the role of various dietary supplements, such as antioxidant vitamins, L-arginine, glucan, isoflavones, soy estrogens, omega-3 fatty acids, etc., in cardiovascular health. Although there is not adequate evidence of the beneficial effects of many nutriceuticals on cardiac function, in the case of omega-3 fatty acids, the evidence has been more convincing.
Interactions of wine drinking with omega-3 fatty acids in patients with coronary heart disease: A fish-like effect of moderate wine drinking; Background Moderate alcohol drinking and marine omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3) have both been associated with low mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD). However, there is little data evaluating the interactions of wine ethanol drinking with omega 3 in CHD patients.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma indices of thrombogenesis and inflammation in patients post-myocardial infarction; Objective: To determine the effects of n-3 PUFAs supplementation on plasma indices of coagulation (fibrinogen), fibrin D-Dimer (an index of thrombogenesis and fibrin turnover), endothelial damage/dysfunction (von Willebrand factor (vWf)), platelet activation (soluble P-selectin (sP-sel)) and inflammation (interieukin-6, IL-6) in patients following acute myocardial infarction.
Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake is related to a protective high-density lipoprotein subspecies profile independent of genetic effects: A monozygotic twin pair study; Background: Studies on diet and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) subspecies distribution are limited. Objective: We examined the relationship between macronutrient composition and lipoprotein particle size and HDL subspecies independent of genetic effects by studying monozygotic (MZ) twins.
Omega-3 DHA- and EPA-dopamine conjugates induce PPARγ-dependent breast cancer cell death through autophagy and apoptosis; Background: The omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) may form conjugates with amines that have potential health benefits against common diseases including cancers. Here we synthesized DHA-dopamine (DHADA) and EPA-dopamine (EPADA) conjugates and studied their biological effects on different breast cancer cell lines.
Drug Therapy for Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms Utilizing Omega-3 Unsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Derivatives; Background: Abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) are life-threatening because of the potential for rupture, resulting in death. The current standard treatment for AAA is surgery, comprising laparotomic graft replacement and endovascular repair. However, because surgery carries the risk of major complications and re-intervention, drug therapies are desirable because they may reduce the occurrence of enlargement and rupture.
Omega-3 fatty acids and endothelial function: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) supplementation has been reported to have an impact on flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), a conventionally used clinical technique for estimating endothelial dysfunction. However, its proven effects on endothelial function are unclear. This systematic review and meta-analysis were conducted to evaluate the effects of n-3 PUFAs supplementation on FMD of the brachial artery.Method: This study was performed following the PRISMA guidelines. To identify eligible RCTs, a systematic search was completed in PubMed/Medline, Scopus and Web of Science using relevant keywords. A fixed- or random-effects model was utilized to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI).Results: Thirty-two studies (with 35 arms) were included in this meta-analysis, involving 2385 subjects with intervention duration ranging from 4 to 48 weeks. The pooled meta-analysis demonstrated a significant effect of omega-3 on FMD (WMD = 0.8%, 95% CI = 0.3-1.3, p = .001) and heterogeneity was significant (I-2 = 82.5%, p < .001).Conclusion: We found that n-3 PUFA supplementation improves endothelial function as estimated by flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery.
Omega-3 Index and Clinical Outcomes of Severe COVID-19: Preliminary Results of a Cross-Sectional Study; The potentially detrimental effects of the worldwide deficiency of Omega-3 fatty acids on the COVID-19 pandemic have been underestimated. The Omega-3 Index (O3I), clinical variables, biometric indices, and nutritional information were directly determined for 74 patients with severe COVID-19 and 10 healthy quality-control subjects. The relationships between the OI3 and mechanical ventilation (MV) and death were analyzed. Results: Patients with COVID-19 exhibited low O3I (mean: 4.15%; range: 3.06-6.14%)-consistent with insufficient fish and Omega-3 supplement consumption, and markedly lower than the healthy control subjects (mean: 7.84%; range: 4.65-10.71%). Inverse associations were observed between O3I and MV (OR = 0.459; C.I.: 0.211-0.997) and death (OR = 0.28; C.I.: 0.08-0.985) in severe COVID-19, even after adjusting for sex, age, and well-known risk factors. Conclusion: We present preliminary evidence to support the hypothesis that the risk of severe COVID-19 can be stratified by the O3I quartile. Further investigations are needed to assess the value of the O3I as a blood marker for COVID-19.
Stability of bioactives in flaxseed and flaxseed-fortified foods; Dietary flaxseed is being studied as an alternative or complementary therapy to medications for reducing risk factors related to cardiovascular disease progression. The suggested benefits of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) as an antihypertensive agent, of secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG) derived enterolignans as antioxidants and estradiol mimetics and dietary fiber for its role in cholesterol lowering are just some of the potential benefits of consuming flaxseed. These studies have progressed from dietary studies involving animal models to large-scale clinical trials with the ultimate goal of adopting its consumption by the general public. To promote adherence in long-term clinical trials and encourage its consumption by the general public, flaxseed in one of its various forms or as its isolated bioactive ingredients is either incorporated into food products, called functional foods, or sprinkled onto foods before consumption. The stability of these bioactives in any of these forms becomes crucial for its acceptance by these populations and in order to optimize its biological actions. The effects of the food matrix, food preparation processes and storage conditions are all factors that can influence bioactive stability and are discussed here. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved,
Effect of dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on heart rate and heart rate variability in animals susceptible or resistant to ventricular fibrillation; The consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) has been reported to reduce cardiac mortality following myocardial infarction as well as to decrease resting heart rate (HR) and increase HR variability (HRV). However, it has not been established whether n-3 PUFAs exhibit the same actions on HR and HRV in individuals known to be either susceptible or resistant to ventricular fibrillation (VF). Therefore, HR and HRV (high frequency and total R R interval variability) were evaluated before and 3 months after n-3 PUFA treatment in dogs with healed myocardial infarction that were either susceptible (VF+, n = 31) or resistant (VF-, n = 31) to ventricular tachyarrhythmias induced by a 2-min coronary artery occlusion during the last minute of a submaximal exercise test. HR and HRV were evaluated at rest, during submaximal exercise and in response to acute myocardial ischemia at rest before and after either placebo (1 g/day, corn oil, VF+, n = 9; VF- n = 8) or n-3 PUFA (docosahexaenoic acid + eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl esters, 1-4 g/day, VF+, n = 22; VF-, n = 23) treatment for 3 months. The n-3 PUFA treatment elicited similar increases in red blood cell membrane, right atrial, and left ventricular n-3 PUFA levels in both the VF+ and VF- dogs. The n-3 PUFA treatment also provoked similar reductions in baseline HR and increases in baseline HRV in both groups that resulted in parallel shifts in the response to either exercise or acute myocardial ischemia (that is, the change in these variables induced by physiological challenges was not altered after n-3 PUFA treatment). These data demonstrate that dietary n-3 PUFA decreased HR and increased HRV to a similar extent in animals known to be prone to or resistant to malignant cardiac tachyarrhythmias.
Dietary and Pharmacological Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Health; Context: The effects of dietary intake of different fatty acids and pharmacological use of fatty acids, specifically long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs), on cardiovascular health and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) prevention have been examined in a large number of observational studies and clinical trials. This review summarizes recent data and discusses potential mechanisms.
Dietary omega-3 PUFA and health: Stearidonic acid-containing seed oils as effective and sustainable alternatives to traditional marine oils; The daily consumption of dietary omega-3 PUFA is recommended by governmental agencies in several countries and by a number of health organizations. The molecular mechanisms by which these dietary PUFA affect health involve the enrichment of cellular membranes with long-chain 20- and 22-carbon omega-3 PUFA that impacts tissues by altering membrane protein functions, cell signaling, and gene expression profiles. These changes are recognized to have health benefits in humans, especially relating to cardiovascular outcomes. Cellular membrane enrichment and health benefits are associated with the consumption of long-chain omega-3 PUFA found in marine oils, but are not generally linked with the consumption of alpha-linolenic acid, the 18-carbon omega-3 PUFA found in plant seed oils. However, the supply of omega-3 PUFA from marine sources is limited and may not be sustainable. New plant-derived sources of omega-3 PUFA like stearidonic acid-soy oil from genetically modified soybeans and Ahiflower oil from Buglossoides arvensis seeds that are enriched in the 18-carbon omega-3 PUFA stearidonic acid are being developed and show promise to become effective as well as sustainable sources of omega-3 PUFA. An example of changes in tissue lipid profiles associated with the consumption of Ahiflower oil is presented in a mouse feeding study.
Effects of supplementation with fish oil-derived n-3 fatty acids and γ-linolenic acid on circulating plasma lipids and fatty acid profiles in women; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) have lipid-modifying and antiinflammatory properties. The effects of supplement mixtures of these fatty acids on plasma lipids and the fatty acid compositions of serum phospholipids have received little attention.
Serum and diet long-chain omega-3 fatty acid nutritional status in Chinese elite athletes; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) are essential for improving the health and performance of athletes. The present study aimed to evaluate the nutritional status of omega-3 PUFAs in Chinese elite athletes by both dietary intake analysis and serum biomarker detection. A cross-sectional analysis of data from 54 elite athletes (24 men and 30 women) from Shanghai professional sports teams was conducted. A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was employed to analyze dietary intake, and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS/MS) was conducted to measure serum biomarkers of PUFAs. Correlation analysis was performed to investigate the relationships of PUFA biomarkers with diet, inflammation and oxidative stress. The results showed that the median intake of EPA + DHA among athletes was 132 mg/d, which is lower than the minimum value recommended by dietary guidelines (250 mg/d). The average serum EPA + DHA was 4.0 +/- 1.1%, and the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 was 7.7 +/- 1.7. Most (96.3%) of the athletes were below the targeted value of serum EPA + DHA, which is associated with a reduction in cardiovascular risk. Correlation analysis showed that the serum EPA + DHA was positively correlated with the long-term dietary intake of EPA + DHA and negatively correlated with inflammatory markers. In conclusion, the serum circulating EPA + DHA and omega-6/omega-3 ratio are effective biomarkers reflecting the nutritional status of PUFAs in athletes. Omega-3 PUFAs have a potential effect on inhibiting inflammatory markers. Hence, it is necessary for Chinese athletes to improve their suboptimal nutritional status of PUFAs through dietary intervention.
The Impact of Omega 3 Fatty Acids in Atherosclerosis and Arterial Stiffness: An Overview of their Actions; Background: Fatty acids are common dietary nutrients particularly in economically developed countries. Research has revealed that omega-3fatty acids exert beneficial effects in the progression of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid possess a number of biological actions which improve cardio-metabolic health. Omega-3 fatty acids display remarkable anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-thrombotic and anti-arrhythmogenic actions. Furthermore, they improve the levels of triglycerides, glucose metabolism and endothelial function.
Enhancing Omega-3 Long-Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Content of Dairy-Derived Foods for Human Consumption; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are termed essential fatty acids because they cannot be synthesized de novo by humans due to the lack of delta-12 and delta-15 desaturase enzymes and must therefore be acquired from the diet. n-3 PUFA include -linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3), eicosapentaenoic (EPA, 20:5n-3), docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6n-3), and the less recognized docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22:5n-3). The three long-chain (C-20) n-3 PUFA (n-3 LC-PUFA), EPA, DHA, and DPA play an important role in human health by reducing the risk of chronic diseases. Up to the present time, seafood, and in particular, fish oil-derived products, have been the richest sources of n-3 LC-PUFA. The human diet generally contains insufficient amounts of these essential FA due largely to the low consumption of seafood. This issue provides opportunities to enrich the content of n-3 PUFA in other common food groups. Milk and milk products have traditionally been a major component of human diets, but are also among some of the poorest sources of n-3 PUFA. Consideration of the high consumption of milk and its processed products worldwide and the human health benefits has led to a large number of studies targeting the enhancement of n-3 PUFA content in dairy products. The main objective of this review was to evaluate the major strategies that have been employed to enhance n-3 PUFA content in dairy products and to unravel potential knowledge gaps for further research on this topic. Nutritional manipulation to date has been the main approach for altering milk fatty acids (FA) in ruminants. However, the main challenge is ruminal biohydrogenation in which dietary PUFA are hydrogenated into monounsaturated FA and/or ultimately, saturated FA, due to rumen microbial activities. The inclusion of oil seed and vegetable oil in dairy animal diets significantly elevates ALA content, while the addition of rumen-protected marine-derived supplements is the most effective way to increase the concentration of EPA, DHA, and DPA in dairy products. In our view, the mechanisms of n-3 LC-PUFA biosynthesis pathway from ALA and the biohydrogenation of individual n-3 LC-PUFA in ruminants need to be better elucidated. Identified knowledge gaps regarding the activities of candidate genes regulating the concentrations of n-3 PUFA and the responses of ruminants to specific lipid supplementation regimes are also critical to a greater understanding of nutrition-genetics interactions driving lipid metabolism.
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters increase heart rate variability in patients with coronary disease; n-3 Fatty acids may reduce the incidence of sudden cardiac death, a property potentially related to their activity on myocardial excitability. We carried out a cross-over trial in which 10 coronary patients were treated with n-3 ethyl esters at two different dosages (3 and 6 g day(-1)) for 4 weeks. Plasma fatty acid composition, lipid profile, and heart rate variability (HRV) were analysed. n-3 Fatty acid intake significantly reduced plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels and decreased the low to high frequency ratio. In addition, significant positive correlations were found between n-3 phospholipid content and HRV indices, thus confirming, in a prospective trial, retrospective data suggesting that an increased HRV may be achieved in coronary patients by exogenous provision of n-3 fatty acids. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation for Reducing Muscle Soreness after Eccentric Exercise: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Purpose. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to determine the effectiveness of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplement on muscle soreness after eccentric exercise. Methods. PubMed, EMBASE, CENTRAL, and ISI Web of Science were searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the efficacy of n-3 PUFA on muscle soreness after eccentric exercise. Mean difference (MD) and the associated 95% confidence interval (95% CI) were calculated by RevMan 5.3 to indicate delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS) that measured two days after eccentric trainings. Subgroup analyses according to duration and daily dosage of n-3 PUFA supplements before eccentric exercises were performed to determine whether these factors will influence the overall effect size. The Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to evaluate the certainty of evidence. The protocol of this systematic review and meta-analysis was registered at PROSPERO (). Results. 12 RCTs containing 145 subjects and 156 controls were included in this study. Meta-analysis revealed a significantly decreased DOMS (MD -0.93; 95% CI -1.44, -0.42; P=0.0004) in n-3 PUFA supplement groups, while no significant differences in isometric muscle strength and range of motion (ROM) were detected. However, the pooled effect size for DOMS was lower than the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) of 1.4 on the 10-unit VAS, suggesting that the effect size of less muscle soreness with n-3 PUFA supplements did not appear to be clinically relevant. Conclusion. There is low-quality evidence that n-3 PUFA supplementation does not result in a clinically important reduction of muscle soreness after eccentric exercise. Isometric muscle soreness and range of motion were not improved by n-3 PUFA supplementation either (low-quality evidence). To further elucidate the overall role of n-3 PUFA on muscle damage in this area, large-scale RCTs are still needed.
NOS3 gene polymorphisms are associated with risk markers of cardiovascular disease, and interact with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Objective: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may protect against the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Genotype at key genes such as nitric oxide synthase (NOS3) may determine responsiveness to fatty acids. Gene-nutrient interactions may be important in modulating the development of CVD, particularly in high-risk individuals with the metabolic syndrome (MetS).
Beneficial effects of omega-3 and vitamin E coadministration on gene expression of SIRT1 and PGC1α and serum antioxidant enzymes in patients with coronary artery disease; Background and aim: SIRT1 and PGC1 alpha are two important genes, which play critical roles in regulating oxidative stress and inflammation processes. The study aimed assess the effects of coadministration of omega-3 and vitamin E supplements on SIRT1 and PGC1 alpha gene expression and serum levels of antioxidant enzymes in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients.
Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease: the Debate Continues; Purpose of ReviewThe omega-3 fatty acids (n3-FAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have recently undergone testing for their ability to reduce residual cardiovascular (CV) risk among statin-treated subjects. The outcome trials have yielded highly inconsistent results, perhaps attributable to variations in dosage, formulation, and composition. In particular, CV trials using icosapent ethyl (IPE), a highly purified ethyl ester of EPA, reproducibly reduced CV events and progression of atherosclerosis compared with mixed EPA/DHA treatments. This review summarizes the mechanistic evidence for differences among n3-FAs on the development and manifestations of atherothrombotic disease. Recent FindingsLarge randomized clinical trials with n3-FAs have produced discordant outcomes despite similar patient profiles, doses, and triglyceride (TG)-lowering effects. A large, randomized trial with IPE, a prescription EPA only formulation, showed robust reduction in CV events in statin treated patients in a manner proportional to achieved blood EPA concentrations. Multiple trials using mixed EPA/DHA formulations have not shown such benefits, despite similar TG lowering. These inconsistencies have inspired investigations into mechanistic differences among n3-FAs, as EPA and DHA have distinct membrane interactions, metabolic products, effects on cholesterol efflux, antioxidant properties, and tissue distribution. EPA maintains normal membrane cholesterol distribution, enhances endothelial function, and in combination with statins improves features implicated in plaque stability and reduces lipid content of plaques. Insights into reductions in residual CV risk have emerged from clinical trials using different formulations of n3-FAs. Among high-risk patients on contemporary care, mixed n3-FA formulations showed no reduction in CV events. The distinct benefits of IPE in multiple trials may arise from pleiotropic actions that correlate with on-treatment EPA levels beyond TG-lowering. These effects include altered platelet function, inflammation, cholesterol distribution, and endothelial dysfunction. Elucidating such mechanisms of vascular protection for EPA may lead to new interventions for atherosclerosis, a disease that continues to expand worldwide.
Dietary α-linolenic acid, linoleic acid, and n-3 long-chain PUFA and risk of ischemic heart disease; Background: n-3 (omega-3) PUFA has been proposed as having health-promoting effects, primarily in relation to ischemic heart disease (IHD). Whether these benefits can be achieved by both a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) and n-3 long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) is debatable.
Marine omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids: From mechanisms to clinical implications in heart failure and arrhythmias; Therapeutic implications of marine omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) in cardiovascular disease are still discussed controversially. Several clinical trials report divergent findings and thus leave ambiguity on the meaning of oral omega-3 therapy. Potential prognostic indications of HUFA treatment have been predominantly studied in coronary artery disease, sudden cardiac death, ventricular arrhythmias, atrial fibrillation and heart failure of various origin. It is suspected that increased ventricular wall stress is crucially involved in the prognosis of heart failure. Increased wall stress and an unfavorable myocardial remodeling is associated with an increased risk of arrhythmias by stretch-activated membrane ion channels. Integration of HUFA into the microenvironment of cardiomyocyte ion channels lead to allosteric changes and increase the electrical stability. Increased ventricular wall stress appears to be involved in the local myocardial as well as in the hepatic fatty acid metabolism, i.e. a cardio-hepatic syndrome. Influences of an altered endogenous HUFA metabolism and an inverse shift of the fatty acid profile was underrated in the past. A better understanding of these interacting endogenous mechanisms appears to be required for interpreting the findings of recent experimental and clinical studies. The present article critically reviews major studies on basic pathophysiological mechanisms and treatment effects in clinical trials. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Beneficial effects of ω-3 PUFA in children on cardiovascular risk factors during childhood and adolescence; Omega-3 polyunsatured fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) are essential nutrients mainly derived from fish and seafood but present also in vegetables such as nuts and seed-oils. Some epidemiological and clinical studies indicate a protection of omega-3 FA against cardiovascular disease and a favourable effect on cardiovascular risk factors control in adults. The evidences of their effects in children and adolescents are scanty but a possible beneficial role, especially for insulin sensitivity and blood pressure control, has been proposed. In this review we want to focus especially on the evidences, which could justify the assumption of omega-3 in children and adolescents, and to underline the aspects which need further investigation. Mechanisms through which omega-3 FA act are manifolds and still a matter of investigation: beside their interaction with ion channel and their influence on plasma membrane fluidity, probably the main effect is acting as competitor for cytochrome P-450 (CYP) with respect to omega-6 FA. Thus, they can modulate the biosynthesis of eicosanoids and other lipid mediators, which likely exert a protective action. Another suggestive hypothesis is that their beneficial effect is not dependent only on the intake of omega-3 FA, but also on the complex interaction between different nutrients including omega-3 and other FAs with polymorphisms in genes involved in omega-3 FA modulation. This complex interaction has seldom been explored in children and adolescents. Further studies are needed to investigate all these points in order to find a better collocation of omega-3 FA on the available armamentarium for preventive, possibly individualized, medicine. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Blood Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid as Predictors of All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction - Data From Infarction Prognosis Study (IPS) Registry -; Background: Although omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are known to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular diseases. their prognostic value has not been studied prospectively in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI).
Multimodality Imaging Trials Evaluating the Impact of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Coronary Artery Plaque Characteristics and Burden; Treatment of established risk factors, especially low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, is the cornerstone of preventing atherosclerotic coronary artery disease. Despite reducing LDL cholesterol, there remains a significant risk of cardiovascular disease. Inflammatory and metabolic pathways contribute to recurrence of cardiovascular events, and are often missed in clinical practice. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) may play a crucial role in reducing residual risk of cardiovascular disease. In this review we discuss the clinical applications of omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs), their mechanism of action, the difference between pure EPA and docosahexaenoic acid components, and the latest cardiovascular outcome trials and imaging trials evaluating coronary plaque. PubMed and EMBASE were searched to include all the remarkable clinical trials investigating OM3FAs and cardiovascular disease. Beyond statins, additional medications are required to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. EPA has shown cardiovascular benefit in addition to statins in large outcome trials. Additionally, multiple serial-imaging studies have demonstrated benefits on plaque progression and stabilization. Due to its pleotropic properties, icosapent ethyl outperforms other OM3FAs in decreasing cardiovascular disease risk in both patients with and without high triglycerides, and is currently recommended as an adjunct to statins. To further strengthen the current evidence, additional research is required to elucidate the inconsistencies between the effects of pure EPA and EPA plus docosahexaenoic acid.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acids in type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: : The effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on cardiovascular risk modification in type 2 diabetes and related complications remain unclear. We aim to assess the published effects of n-3 PUFA interventions on lipid risk factors in type 2 diabetes.
Oral fish oil supplementation raises blood omega-3 levels and lowers C-reactive protein in haemodialysis patients- a pilot study; Background. We previously reported that haemodialysis patients have suboptimal blood levels of the cardioprotective omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. In the present pilot study, we tested the hypothesis that supplementing haemodialysis patients for 12 weeks with the American Heart Association (AHA)-recommended fish oil dose would be well tolerated and efficacious in boosting blood n-3 PUFA levels and improving cardiovascular risk biomarkers.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation Confers Long-Term Neuroprotection Against Neonatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury Through Anti-Inflammatory Actions; Background and Purpose-Current available therapies for neonatal hypoxia/ischemia (H/I) brain injury are rather limited. Here, we investigated the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on brain damage and long-term neurological function after H/I in neonates.
Update on the omega-3 fatty acid trial landscape: A narrative review with implications for primary prevention; Residual risk mediated by hypertriglyceridemia among statin-treated individuals is an important clinical and public health challenge. Niacin, fibrates and omega-3 FA are three classes of non-statin agents with demonstrated TG-lowering effects. Randomized controlled trials of niacin and fibrates have been consistently negative, but the trial landscape for two key sources of omega-3 FAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is more complex. Clinical trials evaluating omega-3 FA can be differentiated into those that studied mixed formulations (EPA + DHA) and those that studied EPA alone. Those assessing the impact of mixed formulations have not consistently demonstrated CVD risk reduction, whereas trials of EPA alone have been successful. Two recent trials of mixed formulations - STRENGTH (Long-Term Outcomes Study to Assess Statin Residual Risk with Epanova in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia) and OMEMI (Omega-3 fatty acids in Elderly patients with Myocardial Infarction) - studied contemporarily treated patients with mixed EPA + DHA formulations at higher doses than before and showed no benefit, thus adding valuable information to our overall understanding of this evolving therapeutic class. In this review, we contextualize the findings of STRENGTH and OMEMI within the existing omega-3 FA clinical trial landscape and look ahead to how future trials can inform existing knowledge gaps, particularly with regards to the applicability of these agents within the primary prevention realm. (C) 2021 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Update on marine omega-3 fatty acids: Management of dyslipidemia and current omega-3 treatment options; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is currently the primary target in the management of dyslipidemia, and statins are first-line pharmacologic interventions. Adjunct therapy such as niacins, fibrates, bile acid sequestrants, or cholesterol absorption inhibitors may be considered to help reduce cardiovascular risk. This review discusses the need for alternative adjunct treatment options and the potential place for omega-3 fatty acids as such. The cardiovascular benefits of fish consumption are attributed to the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and a variety of omega-3 fatty acid products are available with varied amounts of EPA and DHA. The product types include prescription drugs, food supplements, and medical foods sourced from fish, krill, algal and plant oils or purified from these oils. Two prescription omega-3 fatty acids are currently available, omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (contains both EPA and DHA ethyl esters), and icosapent ethyl (IPE; contains high-purity EPA ethyl ester). A pharmaceutical containing free fatty acid forms of omega-3 is currently in development. Omega-3 fatty acid formulations containing EPA and DHA have been shown to increase LDL-C levels while IPE has been shown to lower triglyceride levels without raising LDL-C levels, alone or in combination with statin therapy. In addition, recent studies have not been able to demonstrate reduced cardiovascular risk following treatment with fibrates, niacins, cholesterol absorption inhibitors, or omega-3 fatty acid formulations containing both EPA and DHA in statin-treated patients; thus, there remains a need for further cardiovascular outcomes studies for adjunct therapy. (C) 2013 The Author. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of omega-3 on serum lipid profile in hemodialysis patients; Introduction: One of the major complications in hemodialysis patients is cardiovascular disease. Lipid abnormality is an important factor in the development of cardiovascular disease.
Effects of Omega-3 fatty acid on major cardiovascular events and mortality in patients with coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aim: There is considerable discrepancy regarding the protective effects of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega-3 PUFAs) in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) from the early-phase clinical randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We conducted a meta-analysis of RCTs to address this issue.
A Review of the Effects of Omega-3 and Omega-6 on Alcoholic and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is a type of fatty fat that causes an increase in alcohol consumption. Excessive alcohol consumption causes inflammation, and liver damage. The certain fatty acids (FAs) may be involved in this liver damage. Anti-inflammatory and blood lipid lowering effects are the effects of omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs). NAFLD is the hepatic manifestation of metabolic syndrome because obesity and insulin resistance are the main pathogenic factors of both diseases. NAFLD is a disease associated with metabolic syndrome. Most patients with NAFLD are obese, although the disease can also affect non-obese people. Metabolic and genetic factors play an important role in the occurrence of this disease. Oxidative stress, lipotoxicity and inflammation play a key role in the development of NAFLD. There is a lot of evidence for the therapeutic potential of omega-3 PUFAs fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), mainly docosahexaenoic acid and eicosatetraenoic acid in the treatment of metabolic diseases due to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Therefore, in this review article, we examined the effects of omega-3 and omega-6 on alcoholic and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Risk of Major Cardiovascular Disease Events A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context Considerable controversy exists regarding the association of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and major cardiovascular end points.
Total dietary fat and fatty acid content modifies plasma phospholipid fatty acids, desaturase activity indices, and urinary prostaglandin E in women; Compared with diets high in fat, low-fat diets are associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that a low-fat (LF) (20% fat) and an LF high-omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid diet (LFn3) (23% fat with 3% as alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) would enhance n-3 composition of plasma phospholipid fatty acid and reduce urinary prostaglandin E-2 (PGE(2)) relative to a high-fat diet (HF) (40% fat) and that these changes would be associated with alterations in delta 5 desaturase (D5D) and delta 6 desaturase (D6D) activity. Phospholipid fatty acids and urinary PGE(2), were measured, and D5D and D6D activity indices calculated in a crossover trial in 17 postmenopausal women fed each of 3 test diets (HF, LF, and LFn3) for 8-week feeding periods. Desaturase activity indices were calculated as D5D, 20:4n-6/20:3n-6, and D6D, 20:3n-6/18:2n-6. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid, alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), DHA, and total n-3 fatty acids increased, whereas linoleic acid and arachidonic acid decreased with consumption of LFn3. The LF resulted in enhanced arachidonic acid and DHA. High fat reduced D6D, whereas both HF and LF increased D5D. Urinary PGE(2) was reduced in response to both the LF and LFn3 diets. Low-fat diets, with or without long-chain n-3 fatty acids, promote positive health effects due in part to favorable alteration of plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and modification in desaturase activity indices, suggesting that the type and amount of fat consumed are modifiable risk factors for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake on Inflammatory Gene Expression and Multiple Sclerosis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The health benefits of omega-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation on inflammatory gene expression (IGE) and multiple sclerosis (MS) are becoming more evident. However, an overview of the results from randomized controlled trials is lacking. This study aimed to conduct a meta-analysis to evaluate the effect of omega-3 fatty acid intake on MS (based on the criteria of the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS)) and inflammatory gene expression (IGE). A search was conducted of PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science for cohort studies published from the inception of the database up to May 2022 that assessed the associations of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with EDSS and inflammatory gene expression (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 (IL-1), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-8 (IL-8)) outcomes. For the highest vs. lowest comparison, the relative risk (RR) estimates with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were pooled using the random-effect model. In total, 13 cohort studies with 1353 participants were included in the meta-analysis during periods of 3 to 144 weeks. A significant inverse relationship was found between DHA and EDSS scores (RR: 1.05; 95% CI: 0.62, 1.48; p < 0.00001). Our results also showed that omega-3 FAs significantly upregulated the gene expression of PPAR-gamma (RR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.52, 1.38; p < 0.03) and downregulated the expression of TNF-alpha (RR: -0.15; 95% CI: -0.99, 0.70; p < 0.00001) and IL-1 (RR: -0.60; 95% CI: -1.02, -0.18; p < 0.003). There was no clear evidence of publication bias with Egger's tests for inflammatory gene expression (p = 0.266). Moreover, n-3 PUFAs and EPA were not significantly associated with EDSS scores (p > 0.05). In this meta-analysis of cohort studies, blood omega-3 FA concentrations were inversely related to inflammatory gene expression (IGE) and EDSS score, which indicates that they may hold great potential markers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and management of MS. However, further clinical trials are required to confirm the potential effects of the omega-3 FAs on MS disease management.
Do B Vitamins Enhance the Effect of <i>Omega</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Cardiovascular Diseases? A Systematic Review of Clinical Trials; Studies have suggested that B vitamins or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may deter the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). This systematic review aims to examine whether the combined supplementation of both B vitamins and omega-3 PUFAs could provide additional beneficial effects to prevent CVD beyond the effect of each supplement based on clinical trials published up to December 2021. The overall findings are inconsistent and inconclusive, yet the combined supplementation of these two nutrients may be more effective at reducing plasma homocysteine, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol than the individual components. The underlying mechanisms mainly include alleviating endothelial dysfunction, inhibiting atherosclerosis and lesion initiation, reducing oxidative stress, suppressing activation of pro-inflammatory cytokines, regulating endothelial nitric oxide synthase, and interfering with methylation of genes that promote atherogenesis. Although biologically plausible, the existing literature is insufficient to draw any firm conclusion regarding whether B vitamins can further enhance the potential beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFA intake on either primary or secondary prevention of CVD. The inconsistent findings may be largely explained by the methodological challenges. Therefore, well-designed high-quality trials that will use the combined supplementation of B vitamins and omega-3 PUFAs or dietary patterns rich in these two types of nutrients are warranted.
Possibility of the Heart Rate Variability Correction with a High Dose of Omega-3-polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction and Concomitant Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Aim: To evaluate the efficacy of a high dose (4g/day) of omega-3-PUFA on the heart rate variability (HRV) characteristics in patients with acute myocardial infarction ( AMI) and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM)
The health benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a review of the evidence; The UK dietary guidelines for cardiovascular disease acknowledge the importance of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) - a component of fish oils - in reducing heart disease risk. At the time, it was recommended that the average n-3 PUFA intake should be increased from 0.1 to 0.2 g day(-1). However, since the publication of these guidelines, a plethora of evidence relating to the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs, in areas other than heart disease, has emerged. The majority of intervention studies, which found associations between various conditions and the intake of fish oils or their derivatives, used n-3 intakes well above the 0.2 g day(-1) recommended by Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy (COMA). Furthermore, in 2004, the Food Standards Agency changed its advice on oil-rich fish creating a discrepancy between the levels of n-3 PUFA implied by the new advice and the 1994 COMA guideline. This review will examine published evidence from observational and intervention studies relating to the health effects of n-3 PUFAs, and discuss whether the current UK recommendation for long-chain n-3 PUFA needs to be revisited.
Flaxseed Bioactive Compounds and Colorectal Cancer Prevention; Flaxseed and its bioactive components have been associated with a decreased risk of colorectal cancer incidence and progression. This review aims to summarize recent research regarding the role of flaxseed and each of its major dietary bioactive components in reducing colorectal cancer.
Therapeutic use of omega-3 fatty acids in bipolar disorder; Bipolar disorder (BD) is a severe, chronic affective disorder, associated with significant disability, morbidity and premature mortality. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play several important roles in brain development and functioning. Evidence from animal models of dietary omega-3 (n-3) PUFA deficiency suggest that these fatty acids are relevant to promote brain development and to regulate behavioral and neurochemical aspects related to mood disorders, such as stress responses, depression and aggression, as well as dopaminergic content and function. Preclinical and clinical evidence suggests roles for PUFAs in BD. n-3 PUFAs seem to be an effective adjunctive treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression, but further large-scale, well-controlled trials are needed to examine its clinical utility in BD. The use of n-3 as a mood stabilizer among BD patients is discussed here. This article summarizes the molecular pathways related to the role of n-3 as a neuroprotective and neurogenic agent, with a specific focus on BDNF. It is proposed that the n-3-BDNF association is involved in the pathophysiology of BD and represents a promising target for developing a novel class of rationally devised therapies.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and non-communicable diseases: meta-analysis based systematic review; The aim of this updated systematic review is to summarize the evidence of the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Publications of meta-analysis up to August 2014 were systematically searched from PubMed, the Cochrane and EMBASE databases. N-3 PUFAs have the following beneficial effects; cardio-protective effects, reduce ischemic stroke risk in both men and women and total stroke risk in women, increase insulin sensitivity in Asians, decrease risk of breast cancer and colorectal cancer in men. However, n-3 PUFAs may have unfavourable effects on type 2 diabetes in Caucasians. In conclusion, n-3 PUFA plays a crucial role in the prevention of NCDs, however, unfavourable effects should be considered in subjects with certain clinical conditions. Cross-cultural studies on the effect of n-3 PUFA on type 2 diabetes are needed to verify why diabetic patients with different ancestries have a different response to n-3 PUFA.
The health benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: a review of the evidence; The UK dietary guidelines for cardiovascular disease acknowledge the importance of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) - a component of fish oils - in reducing heart disease risk. At the time, it was recommended that the average n-3 PUFA intake should be increased from 0.1 to 0.2 g day(-1). However, since the publication of these guidelines, a plethora of evidence relating to the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs, in areas other than heart disease, has emerged. The majority of intervention studies, which found associations between various conditions and the intake of fish oils or their derivatives, used n-3 intakes well above the 0.2 g day(-1) recommended by Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy (COMA). Furthermore, in 2004, the Food Standards Agency changed its advice on oil-rich fish creating a discrepancy between the levels of n-3 PUFA implied by the new advice and the 1994 COMA guideline. This review will examine published evidence from observational and intervention studies relating to the health effects of n-3 PUFAs, and discuss whether the current UK recommendation for long-chain n-3 PUFA needs to be revisited.
Predicting Risk for Incident Heart Failure With Omega-3 Fatty Acids From MESA; OBJECTIVES The aim of this study was to determine if plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) abundance (%EPA) is associated with reduced hazard for primary heart failure (HF) events in the MESA (Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis) trial.
Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids is not associated with a reduction in carotid atherosclerosis: The Genetics of Coronary Artery Disease in Alaska Natives study; Objective: This study was designed to evaluate the relation between omega-3 fatty acid (FA) Consumption and atherosclerosis.
Comparative anti-inflammatory effects of plant- and marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids explored in an endothelial cell line; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The primary source of EPA and DHA is fatty fish. Plant-derived alpha linolenic acid (ALA) and stearidonic acid (SDA) could provide sustainable land-based alternatives, but their functionality is underexplored. Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) may influence atherogenic processes through changing endothelial cell (EC) function and lowering inflammation. This study compared effects of marine- and plant-derived n-3 FAs on EC inflammatory responses. EA.hy926 cells were exposed to ALA, SDA, EPA or DHA prior to stimulation with tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha. All FAs were shown to be incorporated into ECs in a dose-dependent manner. SDA (50 mu M) decreased both production and cell-surface expression of intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1; however EPA and DHA resulted in greater reduction of ICAM-1 production and expression. EPA and DHA also significantly lowered production of monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8. ALA, SDA and DHA (50 mu M) all reduced adhesion of THP-1 monocytes to EA.hy926 cells. DHA significantly decreased nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF.B)p105 gene expression and phosphorylated NF kappa Bp65 protein. Both EPA and DHA (50 mu M) significantly decreased cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 protein. Thus, both marine-derived n-3 FAs, particularly DHA, had potent anti-inflammatory effects in this EC model. Of the plant-derived n-3 FAs, SDA showed the greatest inhibition of inflammation. Although neither ALA nor SDA reproduced the anti-inflammatory effects of EPA and DHA in this model, there is some potential for SDA to be a sustainable antiinflammatory alternative to the marine n-3 FAs.
Do we need 'new' omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids formulations?; The therapeutic value of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), mainly (but not only) found in fish oils, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (EPA and DHA, respectively), has been extensively studied in a wide variety of disease conditions, predominantly in cardiovascular disease. However, the significant difference in efficacy observed in various conditions with different dosages seems to be at least partly related to the large discrepancy in quality of the product and to the bioavailability of the omega-3 PUFA. The research of new sources (e. g., from arctic Krill oil) and pharmaceutical forms of omega-3 PUFA (e. g., omega-3 carboxylic acids) is needed in order to detect the one with the best bioavailability and efficacy, and with a parallel reduction in the production costs. There is also the need to understand if long-term PUFA supplementation could increase the efficacy of the already-available evidence-based therapies for cardiovascular disease prevention and for the management of the diseases where the use of PUFA could have a possible improving effect.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance is a critical pathophysiological process in the onset and advancement of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is well-recognized that alterations in the metabolism of lipids and aberrant fat buildup effectively trigger the development of resistance to insulin. Adjusting one's eating habits and managing weight appropriately are crucial for treating, controlling, and reducing the risk of T2DM because obesity and a lack of physical exercise are the primary factors responsible for the worldwide rise in T2DM. Omega-3 fatty acid is one of the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) that include long-chain omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, commonly found in fish oils. Omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; 3 and 6 PUFAs) are essential for human health because they serve as metabolic precursors of eicosanoids, a class of signaling molecules that are essential for controlling a body's inflammation. Since humans are unable to produce any of the omega-3 or omega-6 PUFAs, they both constitute imperative nutritional ingredients. Long-standing concerns about long-chain omega-3 fatty acids' impact on diabetes management have been supported by experimental investigations that found significant increases in fasting glucose following omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and foods rich in PUFA and omega-3 fatty acid. Cellular explanations to explain the connection between inflammation and IR include mitochondrial dysfunction, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, and oxidative stress. Modifications in the lipid composition of mitochondrial membranes and/or receptor-mediated signaling may be part of the mechanism behind the activation of mitochondrial fusion by fish oil/omega-3 PUFA. The exact molecular processes by which omega-3 PUFAs control mitochondrial activity to defend against IR are still unknown.
Dietary intake and adipose tissue level of specific fatty acids in a selected group from the Lower Silesia population; Purpose: The aim of the study was to assess the content of specific fatty acids in the diet and adipose tissue in a selected group of inhabitants of Lower Silesia in Poland.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on Homocysteine Level in Patients Undergoing Continuous Ambulatory Peritoneal Dialysis; Objective: One of the most common diseases with high morbidity and mortality rates is chronic kidney disease. Cardiovascular disease affects most patients with chronic kidney disorders, particularly patients undergoing dialysis; hence, appropriate prevention and management approaches are essential. This study aimed to evaluate the reduction of inflammatory biomarkers, especially homocysteine, by omega-3 fatty acids in peritoneal dialysis patients. Methods: This study enrolled 60 peritoneal dialysis patients who met specified inclusion and exclusion criteria and were randomized to intervention or placebo groups. Omega-3 capsules were given at a dose of 3 g/d for 8 weeks. Inflammatory markers, including high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), homocysteine, albumin, and lipid profile measured before and after the study. Findings: Results of this trial revealed that the levels of homocysteine, hs-CRP, and albumin did not change significantly during the study. Analysis of lipid profiles before and after intervention showed omega-3 has no significant effect on the level of total cholesterol or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; However, the level of triglyceride reduced remarkably (P = 0.002). In addition, serum levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased at the end of the study (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Omega-3 does not seem to be able to change the inflammatory markers significantly, particularly homocysteine. More extensive trials must be conducted to better understand the impact of omega-3 on inflammatory and nutritional markers, particularly in peritoneal dialysis patients.
Aldehydes identified in commercially available ω-3 supplements via 1 H NMR spectroscopy; Objectives: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality globally. Studies have suggested that supplementary omega-3 oils may provide cardiovascular protection, although the literature is equivocal. Recently, it has been established that many commercially available omega-3 supplements are unacceptably oxidized, leading to myriad potential health risks. One oxidation product of concern is aldehydes, which have been shown to have mutagenic, cytotoxic, and inflammatory properties that may contribute to many different disease processes, including CVD. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of aldehyde contamination in commercially available omega-3 supplements.
The omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio: health implications; Today, Western diets are characterized by a higher omega-6 and a lower omega-3 fatty acid intake, whereas during the Paleolithic period when human's genetic profile was established, there was a balance between omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids. Their balance is an important determinant for brain development and in decreasing the risk for coronary heart disease (CHD), hypertension, cancer, diabetes, arthritis, and other autoimmune and possibly neurodegenerative diseases. Both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids influence gene expression. Because of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in their metabolic pathways, blood levels of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids are determined by both endogenous metabolism and dietary intake making the need of balanced dietary intake essential for health and disease prevention. Whether an omega-6/omega-3 ratio of 3:1 to 4:1 could prevent the pathogenesis of many diseases induced by today's Western diets (AFSSA, 2010), a target of 1:1 to 2:1 appears to be consistent with studies on evolutionary aspects of diet, neurodevelopment, and genetics. A target of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio of 1:1 to 2:1 appears to be consistent with studies on evolutionary aspects of diet, neurodevelopment and genetics. A balanced ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids is important for health and in the prevention of CHD and possibly other chronic diseases.
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AND STRES; In psychology, a state of bodily or mental tension resulting from factors that tend to alter an existent equilibrium. Stress is an unavoidable effect of living and is an especially complex phenomenon in modern technological society. It has been linked to coronary heart disease, psychosomatic disorders, and various other mental and physical problems. Treatment usually consists of a combination of counseling or psychotherapy and medication. Stress and tension are normal reactions to events that threaten us are used to describe it. Such threats can come from accidents, financial troubles and problems on the job or with family and through our emotional and physical reactions to the given situations, we become what is termed 'stressed'. Stress is not a diagnosis but a process happening over time. Stress is an unavoidable fact of everyday life and is associated with significant morbidity and even mortality.. In addition to lifestyle considerations - good diet, exercise, meditation, etc.- a number of nutrients and botanicals can provide support for stress-related conditions. Nowadays much attention is paid to the omega fatty acids and their beneficiaries to health. The object of this work is to analyses the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on stress.
Omega 3 fatty acids as a host modulator in chronic periodontitis patients: a randomised, double-blind, palcebo-controlled, clinical trial; Purpose: Periodontitis is an infectious disease caused predominantly by gram-negative anerobes. The host inflammatory response to these bacteria causes alveolar bone loss that is characterized as periodontitis. Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) have anti-inflammatory properties, thus have been used to treat some chronic inflammatory diseases such as cardiovascular disease and rheumatoid arthritis. We aimed to evaluate the effect of dietary supplementation with omega-3 FAs as a host modulating agent in patients with chronic periodontitis.
Omega-3-Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Suppress Pancreatic Cancer Cell Growth in vitro and in vivo via Downregulation of Wnt/Beta-Catenin Signaling; Background/Aims: omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) are known to possess anticancer properties. However, the relationship between omega 3-PUFAs and beta-catenin, one of the key components of the Wnt signaling pathway, in human pancreatic cancer remains poorly characterized. Methods: Human pancreatic cancer cells (SW1990 and PANC-1) were exposed to two omega 3-PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), to investigate the relationship between omega 3-PUFAs and the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway in vitro. Mouse pancreatic cancer (PANC02) cells were implanted into fat-1 transgenic mice, which express omega 3 desaturases and result in elevated levels of omega 3-PUFAs endogenously. The tumor size, levels of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling molecules and apoptosis levels were analyzed to examine the influence of omega 3-PUFAs in vivo. Results: DHA and EPA significantly inhibited cell growth and increased cell death in pancreatic cancer cells. DHA also reduced beta-catenin expression, T cell factor/lymphoid-enhancing factor reporter activity and induced beta-catenin/Axin/GSK-3 beta complex formation, a known precursor to beta-catenin degradation. Furthermore, Wnt3a, a natural canonical Wnt pathway ligand, reversed DHA-induced growth inhibition in PANC-1 cells. Immunohistochemical analysis showed aberrant upregulation and increased nuclear staining of beta-catenin in tumor tissues from pancreatic cancer patients. However, beta-catenin levels in tumor tissues from fat-1 transgenic mice were reduced with a significant increase in apoptosis compared with those from control mice. Conclusion: omega 3-PUFAs may be an effective therapy for the chemoprevention and treatment of human pancreatic cancer. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel and IAP
Dispelling the myths about omega-3 fatty acids; Although there is an enormous amount of information available on omega-3 fatty acids, it is sometimes misleading, contradictory, and unsupported by scientific fact. Consumers and medical professionals may be confused regarding the potential value of omega-3 fatty acid supplements, despite having either read or heard about fish oil consumption and/or omega-3 fatty acid benefits and risks. The availability of a prescription formulation of omega-3-acid ethyl esters (P-OM3) has provided important new information that helps to dispel the myths and alleviate concerns surrounding the use of omega-3 fatty acids in clinical practice. The safety and efficacy of P-OM3, but not dietary-supplement omega-3 fatty acids, are documented in placebo-controlled trials. In general, studies using Food and Drug Administration-approved dosages of P-OM3 have not substantiated various myths surrounding the negative effects of omega-3 fatty acids. Thus, there are now evidence-based clinical guidelines for the use of omega-3 fatty acids in clinical practice.
Importance of a balanced omega 6/omega 3 ratio for the maintenance of health. Nutritional recommendations; The modification of dietary patterns has led to a change in fatty acid consumption, with an increase in the consumption of omega-6 fatty acids and a markerd reduction in the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids. This in turn has given rise to an imbalance in the omega-6/w-3 ratio, which is now very different from the original 1:1 ratio of humans in the past.
Effect of Vitamin D and/or Marine n-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Changes in Migraine Frequency and Severity; BACKGROUND: There is interest in whether supplements, including vitamin D and marine omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, may be effective migraine prophylaxis. However, few studies have evaluated whether vitamin D or n-3 fatty acid supplementation may reduce migraine frequency or severity.
Evolutionary aspects of diet, essential fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Information from archaeological findings. and studies from modern-day, hunter-gatherers suggest that the Palaeolithic diet is: the diet we evolved on and for which our genetic profile was programmed. During the Palaeolithic period the intake of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids was about equal. Epidemiological, experimental and clinical intervention studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids affect the function of cells involved in atherothrombosis in numerous ways, including the modification of eicosanoid products in the cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase pathways, the reduced synthesis of cytokines and platelet-derived growth factor by influencing gene expression and alterations in leukocyte and endothelial cell properties. In the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation leads to a decrease in cardiac deaths and total mortality. These effects. are brought about without a decrease in plasma cholesterol levels, suggesting that the beneficial effects of omega-3: fatty acids in preventing sudden death are due to their antiarrhythmic properties.. Because coronary heart disease is a multigenic and multifactorial disorder, it is essential that the patients are stratified by genetic susceptibility and disease entity, as well as sex, age and severity of disease. The composition of the diet must remain constant throughout the intervention period and also the ratios of saturated fat to unsaturated fat and the ratio of omega-6:omega-3 taken into consideration. Trans fatty acids should not comprise more than 2% of energy. The dose, duration and mechanisms involved in the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease following omega-3 fatty acid ingestion or supplementation need to be further investigated by double-blind controlled clinical trials. (C) 2001 The European Society of Cardiology.
The Omega-3 Index in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Collegiate Football Athletes; Context: The essential omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) exhibit vital biological roles and are critical for cardiovascular and neurologic health. Compared with the general population, football athletes may be at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Further, those same athletes are also exposed to repetitive head impacts, which may lead to long-term neurologic deficits. Both diets high in omega-3 FAs and supplementation with omega-3 FAs have been reported to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, and early evidence suggests a potential neuroprotective effect of supplementation.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Delay the Progression of Endotoxic Shock-Induced Myocardial Dysfunction; Septic shock has a high mortality rate, partially related to myocardial dysfunction. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) possess anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, but whether omega-3 PUFAs exert beneficial effects on myocardial function is unknown. We investigated, in a rat model of endotoxic shock, the effects of omega-3 PUFAs pretreatment on cardiac hemodynamics, function, and oxidative stress as well as intestinal barrier. Endotoxic shock was induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 20 mg/kg IP) administered to rats pretreated or not with omega-3 PUFAs (OmegavenA (R); 0.5 g/kg IP, 90 min before injection of LPS). Two or 5 h after LPS, left ventricular function and arterial pressure were measured, followed by assessment left ventricular total glutathione as well as tumor necrosis factor alpha expression, occuldin expression, and proteasome activities. LPS reduced mean arterial blood pressure to the same extent 2 and 5 h after its administration, but cardiac output was more markedly decreased after 5 h. Omega-3 PUFAs pretreatment did not significantly modify the effect of LPS on mean arterial pressure and total peripheral resistance, but prevented the decrease in cardiac output 2 h after LPS. LPS increased oxidized glutathione after 2 h, and this increase was significantly attenuated by omega-3 PUFAs. Simultaneously, omega-3 PUFAs increased myocardial hemeoxygenase-1 (HO-1) mRNA expression. Finally, omega-3 PUFAs prevented the reduction of intestinal occludin expression. Omega-3 PUFAs pre-treatment improves myocardial dysfunction during endotoxemia and increases myocardial HO-1 expression. Moreover, the preservation of the intestinal occludin induced by omega-3 PUFAs precedes myocardial protection, suggesting the involvement of the intestinal barrier in the myocardial improvement observed with omega-3 PUFAs parenteral supplementation.
Depression and coronary artery disease; Studies in patients recovering from myocardial infarction, episodes of unstable angina, coronary bypass surgery and coronary angioplasty, show that between 12 and 20% of hospitalized cardiac patients meet psychiatric criteria for current major depression. A similar percentage report elevated levels of depressive symptoms on paper and pencil self-report measures. These rates of depression are about three times higher than in the general community. On a practical basis this means that about one in three hospitalized CAD patients has some degree of depression. Despite its high prevalence in patients with CAD, depression is not a normal reaction to cardiac disease. Both major depression and elevated depressive symptoms are associated with at least a doubling in risk of subsequent cardiac events, even when standard cardiac risk factors, including left ventricular ejection fraction and number of blocked coronary arteries, are taken into account. In fact, several large, longitudinal community-based studies show that depression precedes the development of clinically evident CAD by many years. There is substantial evidence that depression is a potentially modifiable cardiac risk factor of as much importance as diabetes or lack of exercise. Although the precise mechanisms explaining the link between depression and CAD remain unknown, there is evidence that changes in autonomic regulation, sub-chronic inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, enhanced platelet responsiveness and reduced omega-3 free fatty acid levels may all be involved. Intriguingly, the mechanisms that have been hypothesized to explain the link between depression and CAD prognosis are the same as those suggested to explain the favorable impact of omega-3 supplements in CAD patients. Additional clinical trials to assess the impact of omega-3 supplements on depression are clearly warranted both in CAD patients and in individuals free of heart disease.
Dietary supplementation with flaxseed oil lowers blood pressure in dyslipidaemic patients; Objective: Alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA) is the natural precursor of the cardioprotective long-chain n-3 fatty acids. Available data indicate a possible beneficial effect of ALA on cardiovascular disease ( CVD), but the response of various CVD risk factors to increased ALA intake is not well characterized. The purpose of the present study was to examine the effect of increased ALA intake on blood pressure in man.
PHOSPHATIDYLCHOLINE CONTAINING LONG CHAIN OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS: A TREATMENT ADJUNCT FOR PATIENTS WITH ANOREXIA NERVOSA?; Background: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a serious mental disorder with a high mortality rate and often a chronic course. In contrast to many other common mental disorders, there is no drug therapy approved for AN.
Mercury concentrations and omega-3 fatty acids in fish and shrimp: Preferential consumption for maximum health benefits; The consumption of fish and shrimp containing omega-3 fatty acids can result in protective health effects including a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. These protective effects may be decreased by the presence of mercury in the muscle tissue of fish and shellfish. Mercury can increase the risk of cardiovascular problems and impede neurological development. The objective of this project was to determine appropriate consumption amounts of selected fish species and shrimp based on mercury levels and recommended intake levels of omega-3 fatty acids. Species that are high in omega-3s and low in mercury include salmon, trout, and shrimp. Species with both high levels of mercury and omega-3 fatty acids include tuna, shark, and halibut, swordfish, and sea bass. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with plasma triacylglycerol:: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study; Background: Dietary intake of linolenic acid is associated with a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, the mechanisms by which dietary linolenic acid affects cardiovascular disease risk are not clearly understood.
Preventing sudden death with n-3 (Omega-3) fatty acids and defibrillators; Background: Because interventions that prevent and treat events due to cardiovascular disease are applied to different, but overlapping, segments of the population, it can be difficult to estimate their effectiveness if formal calculations are not available.
Omega-3 biotechnology: Thraustochytrids as a novel source of omega-3 oils; Thraustochytrids are large-celled marine heterokonts and classified as oleaginous microorganisms due to their production of docosahexaenoic (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA) omega-3-fatty acids. The applications of microbial DNA and EPA for human health are rapidly expanding, and a large number of clinical trials have been carried out to verify their efficacy. The development of refined isolation and identification techniques is important for the cultivation of thraustochytrids. With a high proportion of lipid biomass, thraustochytrids are also amenable to various production strategies which increase omega-3 oil output. Modifications to the existing lipid extraction methods and utilisation of sophisticated analytical instruments have increased extraction yields of DHA and EPA. Other metabolites such as enzymes, carotenoids and extracellular polysaccharides can also be obtained from these marine protists. Approaches such as the exploration for more diverse isolates having fast growth rates, metabolic engineering including gene cloning, and growing thraustochytrids on alternate low cost carbon source, will further enhance the biotechnological potential of thraustochytrids. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Omega-3 Index Is Inversely Associated with Depressive Symptoms among Individuals with Elevated Oxidative Stress Biomarkers; Background: Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) consumption is thought to improve depressive symptoms. However, current evidence is limited, and whether this association exists among Puerto Ricans, a population burdened by depression, remains uncertain.
Low dietary fish-oil threshold for myocardial membrane n-3 PUFA enrichment independent of n-6 PUFA intake in rats; Long chain n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA) is important for heart and brain function. Investigations of biologically plausible mechanisms using animal models associate cardioprotection with DHA incorporation into myocardial membranes that are largely derived from supra-physiological fish oil (FO) intake. We measured the incorporation of DHA into myocardial membranes of rats from low dietary FO intake within human dietary range and quantitatively assessed the influence of dietary n-6 PUFA. With rats fed diets containing 0.16%-5% FO, equal to 0.12%-8.7% energy (% en) as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA (EPA+DHA), and either 1.5% en or 7.5% en n-6 PUFA (linoleic acid) for four weeks, dietary n-6: n-3 PUFA ratios ranged from 74 to 0.3. Myocardial DHA concentration increased in a log-linear fashion with a dietary threshold of 0.019% en as EPA+DHA and half maximal dietary [EPA+DHA] equal to 0.29% en (95% CI, 0.23-0.35). Dietary linoleic acid intake did not influence myocardial DHA. Myocardial membranes are sensitive to absolute dietary intake of long chain n-3 PUFA at low % en in the rat, equivalent to a human intake of one meal of fatty fish per week or less. The dietary ratio of n-6: n-3 PUFA has no influence on long chain n-3 PUFA cellular incorporation from dietary fish oil.-Slee, E. L., P. L. McLennan, A. J. Owen, and M. L. Theiss. Low dietary fish-oil threshold for myocardial membrane n-3 PUFA enrichment independent of n-6 PUFA intake in rats. J Lipid Res. 2010. 51: 1841-1848.
Promotion of omega-3 chicken meat production: an Indian perspective; Similar to omega-3 eggs, chicken meat has great potential to become a functional food for humans. In India, chicken meat is preferred due to its perceived health benefits and affordability. The balance between omega 3 and 6 fatty acids is crucial for its usefulness in animals. At present commercial chicken meat has low omega-3 fatty acid content and higher omega-6 fatty acid content. Published research shows that it is possible to modify the lipid profile of commercial chickens by manipulating the broiler diet. The modern human diet is deficient in n-3 FAs, which has been linked to the increase in several degenerative diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, arthritis, cancer and mental illness. Therefore omega-3 chicken meat may be an effective means of increasing n-3 FA in the human diet. There are several problems associated with the commercial production of omega-3 chicken meat related to the choice of source of fatty acids in the feed, cost of production, consumer acceptability and stability of the chicken meat that need to be tackled. The present article briefly reviews the studies carried out in this respect, the possible impact of omega-3 chicken meat production on the poultry industry, and on human health.
ω-3 fatty acid differentially modulated serum levels of IGF1 and IGFBP3 in men with CVD: A randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study; Objective: Studies have reported elevated serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 levels followed by omega-3 supplementation in various groups. Considering decreased level of IGF1 in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and protective effects of IGF1 against CVD progression and myocardial infarctions mortality, this study was performed with the aim of determining effects of w-3 supplementation on serum levels and gene expression of IGF1 and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP3) in men with CVD.
Potent Antihypertensive Action of Dietary Flaxseed in Hypertensive Patients; Flaxseed contains -3 fatty acids, lignans, and fiber that together may provide benefits to patients with cardiovascular disease. Animal work identified that patients with peripheral artery disease may particularly benefit from dietary supplementation with flaxseed. Hypertension is commonly associated with peripheral artery disease. The purpose of the study was to examine the effects of daily ingestion of flaxseed on systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in peripheral artery disease patients. In this prospective, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized trial, patients (110 in total) ingested a variety of foods that contained 30 g of milled flaxseed or placebo each day over 6 months. Plasma levels of the -3 fatty acid -linolenic acid and enterolignans increased 2- to 50-fold in the flaxseed-fed group but did not increase significantly in the placebo group. Patient body weights were not significantly different between the 2 groups at any time. SBP was approximate to 10 mm Hg lower, and DBP was approximate to 7 mm Hg lower in the flaxseed group compared with placebo after 6 months. Patients who entered the trial with a SBP 140 mm Hg at baseline obtained a significant reduction of 15 mm Hg in SBP and 7 mm Hg in DBP from flaxseed ingestion. The antihypertensive effect was achieved selectively in hypertensive patients. Circulating -linolenic acid levels correlated with SBP and DBP, and lignan levels correlated with changes in DBP. In summary, flaxseed induced one of the most potent antihypertensive effects achieved by a dietary intervention.
Multi-targeted therapy of cancer by omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential fatty acids necessary for human health. Currently, the Western diet contains a disproportionally high amount of n-6 PUFAs and low amount of n-3 PUFAs, and the resulting high n-6/n-3 ratio is thought to contribute to cardiovascular disease, inflammation, and cancer. Studies in human populations have linked high consumption of fish or fish oil to reduced risk of colon, prostate, and breast cancer, although other studies failed to find a significant association. Nonetheless, the available epidemiological evidence, combined with the demonstrated effects of n-3 PUFAs on cancer in animal and cell culture models, has motivated the development of clinical interventions using n-3 PUFAs in the prevention and treatment of cancer, as well as for nutritional support of cancer patients to reduce weight loss and modulate the immune system. In this review, we discuss the rationale for using long-chain n-3 PUFAs in cancer prevention and treatment and the challenges that such approaches pose in the design of clinical trials. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cold-pressed perilla seed oil: Investigating its protective influence on the gut-brain axis in mice with rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease; Perilla seed oil, derived from a regional plant native to northern Thailand, undergoes cold-pressing to analyze its bioactive components, notably alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). ALA, constituting approximately 61% of the oil, serves as a precursor for therapeutic omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA, with neurodegenerative disease benefits and anti-inflammatory responses. This study administered different concentrations of perilla seed oil to male C57BL/6 mice, categorized as low dose (LP 5% w/w), middle dose (MP 10% w/w), and high dose (HP 20% w/w), along with a fish oil (FP 10% w/w) diet. An experimental group received soybean oil (5% w/w). Over 42 days, these diets were administered while inducing Parkinson's disease (PD) with rotenone injections. Mice on a high perilla seed oil dose exhibited decreased Cox-2 expression in the colon, suppressed Iba-1 microglia activation, reduced alpha-synuclein accumulation in the colon and hippocampus, prevented dopaminergic cell death in the substantia nigra, and improved motor and non-motor symptoms. Mice on a middle dose showed maintenance of diverse gut microbiota, with an increased abundance of short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria (Bifidobacteria, Lactobacillus, and Faecalibacteria). A reduction in bacteria correlated with PD (Turicibacter, Ruminococcus, and Akkermansia) was observed. Results suggest the potential therapeutic efficacy of high perilla seed oil doses in mitigating both intestinal and neurological aspects linked to the gut-brain axis in PD.
Omega-3 fatty acids and dementia; More than a dozen epidemiological studies have reported that reduced levels or intake of omega-3 fatty acids or fish consumption is associated with increased risk for age-related cognitive decline or dementia such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). Increased dietary consumption or blood levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) appear protective for AD and other dementia in multiple epidemiological studies; however, three studies suggest that the ApoE4 genotype limits protection. DHA is broadly neuroprotective via multiple mechanisms that include neuroprotective DHA metabolites, reduced arachidonic acid metabolites, and increased trophic factors or downstream trophic signal transduction. DHA is also protective against several risk factors for dementia including head trauma, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. DHA is specifically protective against AD via additional mechanisms: It limits the production and accumulation of the amyloid beta peptide toxin that is widely believed to drive the disease; and it also suppresses several signal transduction pathways induced by A beta, including two major kinases that phosphorylate the microtubule-associated protein tau and promote neurofibrillary tangle pathology. Based on the epidemiological and basic research data, expert panels have recommended the need for clinical trials with omega-3 fatty acids, notably DHA, for the prevention or treatment of age-related cognitive decline-with a focus on the most prevalent cause, AD. Clinical trials are underway to prevent and treat AD. Results to-date suggest that DHA may be more effective if it is begun early or used in conjunction with antioxidants. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Effect of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on heart rate: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background Elevated resting heart rate (HR) has emerged as a new risk factor for all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. The effect of marine-derived omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LCPUFAs) supplementation on HR was investigated as an outcome in many clinical trials. The present study was to provide an updated meta-analysis on the HR-slowing effect of n-3 LCPUFAs, and to differentiate the chronotropic effect between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Coronary Heart Disease Risks: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Clinical Trials; Background: The clinical benefits of omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) supplementation in preventing and treating coronary heart disease (CHD) remain controversial. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the clinical benefits of omega-3 FA supplementation, with special attention given to specific subgroups.Methods:& nbsp;Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of omega-3 FA supplementation for CHD vs. a control group and including at least 1,000 patients were eligible for the inclusion in this meta-analysis. The relative risk (RR) of all-cause death, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs), cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and revascularization were estimated. We analyzed the association between cardiovascular risk and omega-3 FA supplementation in the total subjects. We focused on the cardiovascular risk compared to omega-3 FA in subgroups with different development stages of CHD, omega-3 FA supplementation application dose, diabetes, and sex. PROSPERO Registration Number: CRD42021282459.Results:& nbsp;This meta-analysis included 14 clinical RCTs, including 1,35,291 subjects. Omega-3 FA supplementation reduced the risk of MACE (RR; 0.95; CI: 0.91-0.99; p for heterogeneity 0.27; I-2 = 20%; p = 0.03), cardiovascular death (RR; 0.94; CI: 0.89-0.99; p for heterogeneity 0.21; I-2 = 25%; p = 0.02), and MI (RR; 0.86; CI: 0.79-0.93; p for heterogeneity 0.28; I-2 = 19%; p < 0.01), but had no significant effect on all-cause death, stroke, and revascularization. In the subgroup analysis, omega-3 FA supplementation decreased the incidence of MACE and cardiovascular death in acute patients with MI, the risk of MI and stroke in patients with CHD, and the risk of MI in patients with high-risk CHD. 0.8-1.2 g omega-3 FA supplementation reduced the risk of MACE, cardiovascular death, and MI. It was revealed that gender and diabetes have no significant association between omega-3 FA supplementation and MACE risk.Conclusions:& nbsp;Omega-3 FA supplementation had a positive effect in reducing the incidence of MACE, cardiovascular death, MI. Regardless of the stage of CHD, omega-3 FA supplementation can prevent the occurrence of MI. The 0.8-1.2 g omega-3 FA supplementation alleviated CHD risk more effectively than lower or higher doses.Systematic & nbsp;Review & nbsp;Registration:& nbsp;https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier CRD42021282459.& nbsp;
Pleiotropic, Cardioprotective Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; The cardioprotective effects of food rich in omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on cardiovascular risk has been of interest from the moment when a low rate of coronary heart disease was documented in the Eskimo population. The aim of the present review is to discuss recent studies documenting multidirectional action of omega-3 PUFA due to its pleiotropic properties. Experimental studies in cellular and animal models have extensively documented the favorable effects of omega-3 PUFA (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) on: inflammatory processes, endothelial dysfunction, platelet aggregation and arrhythmogenesis. It was reported that antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 PUFA resulted from stabilization of cardiomyocyte membrane and inhibition of ion channels. Moreover, PUFA possess several pleiotropic properties i.e. anti-inflammatory, anti-atherogenic and antithrombotic. Anti-atherogenic effects (plaque stabilization) of omega-3 PUFA have recently been demonstrated. It was documented (OCEAN study) that eicosapentaenoic acid from a source of highly purified ethyl esters is incorporated into plaques in a relatively short period of time and these higher concentrations of omega-3 PUFA may stabilize vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques. The anti-inflammatory effect of omega-3 PUFA is associated with reduction of levels of TNF-alpha and interleukin-6. Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid inhibit arachidonic acid metabolism to inflammatory eicosanoids.
Is omega-3 fatty acid deficiency a factor contributing to refractory seizures and SUDEP? A hypothesis; Epilepsy, the commonest serious neurological condition, is associated with an increased risk in premature deaths, including an estimated 500 sudden unexpected deaths (SUDEP) per year in the UK. In some patients seizures are associated with cardiac arrhythmias, which are thought to be a major factor in SUDEP. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce cardiac arrhythmias in animal studies and to reduce sudden cardiac deaths, thought to be due to cardiac arrhythmias, in both healthy subjects and in those who have had one myocardial infarction. Additionally, omega-3 fatty acids in animal studies and in a small clinical observation study have shown anti-seizure effects. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with refractory seizures may reduce seizures and seizure associated cardiac arrhythmias and hence SUDEP. (C) 2003 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in clinical development; Highly purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (Omacor((R))) is the focus of an extensive and ambitious clinical development program that seeks to build on the results of the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevenzione study. Studies currently in progress include very large clinical outcome trials designed to evaluate the impact of omega-3 PUFAs on death and major morbid events in defined patient populations such as individuals with heart failure or diabetes, specialist investigations in very high-risk populations such as patients requiring hemodialysis, and a range of specialized studies concerned with mechanisms of action and effects on biochemical and laboratory indices. The emergence of results from these studies can be expected to define a spectrum of indications for omega-3 PUFAs in the management of cardiovascular and renal disease.
