Essential Fatty Acids in the Treatment of Dry Eye; Essential fatty acids (EFAs) play many important roles in human biology, affecting organ systems and cellular and intracellular function. Omega-3 and omega-6 EFAs are the precursors of eicosanoids, locally acting hormones involved in mediating inflammatory processes. It is largely via the production of these eicosanoids that the essential fatty acids influence human health and disease. In general, the omega-3 derived eicosanoids are anti-inflammatory while the n-6 pathway eicosanoids promote inflammation. To date, EFAs have been primarily studied with regard to systemic diseases, particularly cardiovascular disease. Currently, no dietary recommendations of EFAs for the prevention or treatment of eye disease exist. The majority of studies concerning EFAs and eye disease have focused on diseases of the retina. This article provides an overview of the current literature regarding EFAs and dry eye disease (DED). Eight studies were identified, including six randomized controlled trials. All the studies preliminarily confirmed that there is a relationship between EFA supplementation and improvement in DED. However, strong conclusions cannot be made yet because of limitations in the research reported. The role of essential fatty acids is an important topic that would benefit from a large, multicenter, randomized clinical trial powered to reach a conclusion regarding the efficacy of essential fatty acids in the treatment of dry eye disease.
Lipid-lowering agents for concurrent cardiovascular and chronic kidney disease; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) frequently co-exists with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Patients with concomitant CVD and CKD are at very high risk of CVD events. Areas covered: This narrative review discusses the use of hypolipidaemic drugs in patients with both CVD and CKD. Current guidelines are considered together with the evidence from randomised controlled clinical trials. Expert opinion: Statins are the first-line lipid-lowering therapy in patients with CVD and CKD. Some statins require dose adjustments based on renal function, whereas atorvastatin does not. Ezetimibe can be prescribed in patients with CVD and CKD, usually combined with a statin. According to current guidelines, statin +/- ezetimibe therapy should not be initiated, but should be continued, in dialysis-treated CKD patients. Fenofibrate (dose adjusted or contra-indicated according to renal function) and omega 3 fatty acids lower triglyceride levels; whether they also exert cardiorenal benefits in patients with CVD and CKD remains to be established. The use of proprotein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, cholesterol-reducing nutraceuticals, bempedoic acid and apabetalone in such patients should be investigated. Patients with concomitant CVD and CKD should be treated, in terms of lipid-lowering therapy, early and intensively to minimize their very high risk and possibly, progression of CKD.
Differences in breast cancer mortality worldwide: unsolved problems; Breast cancer mortality remains a major cause of female mortality. Between 1970 and 2000 both important increases and decreases in breast cancer mortality rates occurred. Large differences in breast cancer mortality exist among countries worldwide. Contradictory findings concerning the role of lifestyle, especially nutrition, remain to be explained. Possible explanations for the observed mortality differences will be explored. Breast cancer mortality rates have been correlated with other causes of mortality; both cancer and noncancer, using data obtained from 47 countries worldwide (World Health Organization). They have also been correlated with dietary data, especially concerning fat (animal and vegetal) intake (Food and Agricultural Organization). Highly significant correlations existed between breast cancer mortality and mortality from other cancers (e.g. colon, stomach) obtained from both sexes. These correlations have been confirmed over a period of more than 40 years. Highly significant positive correlations also existed with the intake of animal (saturated) fat, covering a period of 30 years. In multivariate regression, only the relationship with the colon, prostate cancer and total energy intake remained significant. Ecological data point to nutritional factors, especially animal fat, as major promoters of breast cancer mortality worldwide. This contrasts with the results of most cohort studies. These contradictory results and the relationship between breast cancer mortality and other causes of mortality remain to be explained. More refined and standardized dietary data are necessary.
No effect of a very low dose of n-3 fatty acids on monocyte function in healthy humans; There is some evidence that intake of sea food rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against coronary heart disease (CHD). Thus, even very low daily amounts of n-3 PUFA below 0.5 g have been reported to reduce the incidence of CHD, although it is unknown by what mechanisms this may occur. Monocytes are of major importance in atherogenesis, and we therefore studied the effect of a daily supplement with 0.65 g of n-3 PUFA for 12 weeks on monocyte function in a randomized placebo-controlled trial of 32 healthy subjects. No effect of dietary n-3 PUFA could be demonstrated on monocyte chemotaxis, on chemiluminescence, or on formation of cytokines and leukotriene B-4 from activated monocytes.
The Effectiveness of Supplementation with Key Vitamins, Minerals, Antioxidants and Specific Nutritional Supplements in COPD-A Review; Currently, an increasing amount of evidence supports the notion that vitamins C, D and E, carotenoids, and omega-3 fatty acids may protect against the progression of chronic respiratory diseases. Although chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) primarily affects the lung, it is often accompanied by extrapulmonary manifestations such as weight loss and malnutrition, skeletal muscle dysfunction, and an excess of harmful oxidants, which can lead to a decline in quality of life and possible death. Recently, the role of various vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants in mitigating the effects of environmental pollution and smoking has received significant attention. Therefore, this review evaluates the most relevant and up-to-date evidence on this topic. We conducted a literature review between 15 May 2018 and 15 May 2023, using the electronic database PubMed. Our search keywords included COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, FEV1, supplementation: vitamin A, vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin C, vitamin B, omega-3, minerals, antioxidants, specific nutrient supplementations, clinical trials, and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We focused on studies that measured the serum levels of vitamins, as these are a more objective measure than patient self-reports. Our findings suggest that the role of appropriate dietary supplements needs to be reconsidered for individuals who are predisposed to or at risk of these conditions.
Effects of dietary ratio of linoleic to linolenic acid on performance, antibody production, and in vitro lymphocyte proliferation in two strains of leghorn pullet chicks; The effects of dietary ratio of linoleic acid to linolenic acid on performance, mitogenic lymphocyte proliferation, and antibody production were evaluated in Leghorn pullets during a rigorous vaccination program. Diets were supplemented with flaxseed and corn oil to achieve 4 dietary ratios of linoleic acid to linolenic acid [17:1 (control), 8:1, 4:1, or 2:1]. Each diet was fed to Hy-Line Brown or W-36 pullets from 1 d to 16 wk of age. Day-old pullets were randomly assigned to 8 replicate cages with 12 pullets per cage; the density was reduced to 8 pullets per cage at 11 wk of age. Dietary treatments did not affect body weight, feed consumption, or pullet mortality. At 12 wk of age, an interaction between diet and strain (P <= 0.004) showed Hy-Line W-36 pullets fed the 2:1 ratio had greater antibody production against Newcastle disease virus (NDV) vaccine than those fed diets with higher ratios. At wk 16, pullets fed ratios of 4:1 and 2:1 had the greatest antibody production against NDV vaccine. Antibody production against infectious bursal disease virus (IBDV) vaccine was also increased (P < 0.04) by ratios of 4:1 (2.244 optical density; OD) or 2:1 (2.508 OD) as compared with the control diet (1.576 OD). Hy-Line Brown pullets had greater antibody production against infectious bronchitis virus vaccine compared with Hy-Line W-36 pullets at 16 wk of age. These results indicate that feeding a reduced dietary ratio of linoleic to linolenic acid by adding flaxseed to the diets enhanced antibody response to NDV and IBDV vaccines without any negative effects on pullet performance.
Statin-associated muscle symptoms in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL); Statins are highly effective medications that reduce risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, but are very commonly discontinued by patients because of muscle symptoms. The risk factors for statin-associated muscle symptoms (SAMS) are not well understood, so in this study we examined the predictors of SAMS in a well-studied cohort of patients in the VITAL trial. We found that female sex and younger age (50-64 years) were significant, independent predictors of higher rates of SAMS.
Pemafibrate and other triglyceride-lowering therapies to reduce risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease; Purpose of reviewAlthough high triglycerides are consistently associated with elevated risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), therapies that reduce triglyceride levels have inconsistently translated into reduced CVD risk.Recent findingsTo date, three clinical trials have tested triglyceride-lowering therapies in patients with hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) and elevated risk of incident/recurrent CVD. In REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial), assignment to IPE, a highly purified eicosapentanoic acid (EPA), resulted in a 25% reduction in nonfatal myocardial infarction), nonfatal stroke, cardiovascular death, coronary revascularization and hospitalization for unstable angina. By contrast, the combination of EPA and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) carboxylic fatty acids used in the STRENGTH trial (Statin Residual Risk With Epanova in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients With Hypertriglyceridemia) failed to reduce CVD risk. Most recently, PROMINENT (Pemafibrate to Reduce Cardiovascular Outcomes by Reducing Triglycerides in Patients with Diabetes) also failed to demonstrate reduction in CVD events despite use of a potent triglyceride-lowering, fibric-acid derivative. However, improvement in HTG-associated metabolic complications (e.g. nonalcoholic fatty liver disease) was observed with pemafibrate as well as with another potent triglyceride-lowering therapy (i.e. pegozafermin). Moreover, trials are underway evaluating whether the most fatal metabolic complication of HTG, pancreatitis, may be reduced with highly potent triglyceride-lowering therapies (e.g. apolipoprotein C3 inhibitors).SummaryTaken together, HTG is associated with increased risk of CVD and attendant adverse metabolic sequalae. To this end, a potentially promising and evidence-based landscape is emerging for treating a clinical phenotype that in the past has been insufficiently addressed.
The effect of low-dose marine n-3 fatty acids on the biosynthesis of pro-inflammatory 5-lipoxygenase pathway metabolites in overweight subjects: A randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have a variety of anti-inflammatory properties. This study evaluated the effect of n-3 PUFA in a low, but recommended cardioprotective dosage on the formation of 5-lipoxygenase pathway metabolites in overweight subjects.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor a genetic variation interacts with n-6 and long-chain n-3 fatty acid intake to affect total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study; Background: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPARA) regulates the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. The binding of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to PPARA results in rapid changes in the expression of genes involved in lipid oxidation, with long-chain n-3 fatty acids being potent activators of PPARA.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake to Regulate <i>Helicobacter pylori</i>-Associated Gastric Diseases as Nonantimicrobial Dietary Approach; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), commonly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been acknowledged as essential long-chain fatty acids imposing either optimal health promotion or the rescuing from chronic inflammatory diseases such as atherosclerosis, fatty liver, and various inflammatory gastrointestinal diseases. Recent studies dealing with EPA and DHA have sparked highest interests because detailed molecular mechanisms had been documented with the identification of its receptor, G protein coupled receptor, and GPR120. In this review article, we have described clear evidences showing that n-3 PUFAs could reduce various Helicobacter pylori- (H. pylori-) associated gastric diseases and extended to play even cancer preventive outcomes including H. pylori-associated gastric cancer by influencing multiple targets, including proliferation, survival, angiogenesis, inflammation, and metastasis. Since our previous studies strongly concluded that nonantimicrobial dietary approach for reducing inflammation, for instance, application of phytoceuticals, probiotics, natural products including Korean red ginseng, and walnut plentiful of n-3 PUFAs, might be prerequisite step for preventing H. pylori-associated gastric cancer as well as facilitating the rejuvenation of precancerous atrophic gastritis, these beneficial lipids can restore or modify inflammation-associated lipid distortion and correction of altered lipid rafts to send right signaling to maintain healthy stomach even after chronic H. pylori infection.
Dietary supplementation with highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid does not influence PAI-1 activity; Impaired fibrinolysis due to elevated levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) is a risk factor for atherothrombotic disease. Many studies have reported a positive correlation between serum triglycerides and PAI-1 activity. Dietary intervention with very long n-3 fatty acids from marine sources is known to decrease serum triglycerides, but an adverse increase in PAI-1 activity has been reported in some studies. A double blind, placebo controlled study was conducted among 224 middle-aged (ages 36-56), healthy, non-smoking men in which the participants were randomly assigned to daily supplementation with 3.8 g eicosapentaenoic acid/d, 3.6 g docosahexaenoic acid/d, or 4.0 g corn oil/d (placebo) for 7 weeks. PAI-1 activity increased by 2.35 +/- 6.24 U/ml (28%), 1.15 +/- 6.74 U/ml (14%), and 1.33 +/- 5.64 U/ml (22 %) during dietary supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and corn oil, respectively, but the changes were not significantly different between groups (p = 0.43). There was no relationship between change in concentrations of serum triglycerides or phospholipid n-3 fatty acids and change in PAI-1 activity. At baseline, analysis was performed to investigate the influence of dietary lipids, blood lipids, and serum fatty acids on plasma concentrations of PAI-1 activity. Dietary intake of saturated fat correlated directly with PAI-I both in crude analysis (r = 0.14, p < 0.05) and after adjustment for age and body mass index (kg/m(2)) (r = 0.20, p < 0.01). Furthermore, PAI-1 was associated with body mass index (r = 0.32, p < 0.001), apo-B100 (r = 0.27, p < 0.001), serum triglycerides (r = 0.31, p < 0.001), and the concentration of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (r = 0.22, p < 0.01) in serum. In a multiple regression analysis, 21% of the variation in PAI-1 activity could be explained by these variables. Plasma PAI-1 activity did not correlate with dietary intake or serum concentrations of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. In a review of 17 trials, including 935 subjects that assessed the effect of n-3 fatty acids on PAI-1 activity, an overall 17.7% increase in PAI-1 activity was estimated by n-3 supplementation. However, only two studies were able to demonstrate a significant increase in PAI-1 attributable to n-3 fatty acid supplementation. We conclude that there is no strong evidence for an unfavourable, clinically relevant effect of n-3 fatty acids on PAI-1 activity in plasma. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of a liquid egg product containing fish oil on selected cardiovascular disease risk factors: A randomized crossover trial; The objective of the present human study was to evaluate the potential for a liquid egg product containing fish oil (providing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexacnoic acid (DHA)) as a functional food to favourably modify circulating triglyceride levels and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). A two-period randomized, controlled, crossover trial was conducted in 16 healthy males with moderately elevated triglyceride levels. The participants were randomly assigned to consume either a breakfast containing the liquid egg product providing 1.3 g/day of EPA/DHA combined or a control breakfast, each for 21 days.
LIPID, LIPOPROTEIN, AND HEMOSTATIC EFFECTS OF FISH VS FISH-OIL N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN MILDLY HYPERLIPIDEMIC MALES; The effects of fish and fish oil on lipids, hemostasis, and blood pressure were compared in 25 mildly hyperlipidemic men who received 4.5 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) daily for 5 wk.  Six additional subjects served as controls.  Fish and fish oil lowered plasma triglycerides 20% and 28% and very-low-density-lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides 42% and 52%, respectively (all P < 0.05 compared with control).  High-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased by 10% and 9%, with 34% and 32% increases in the proportion of HDL2 particles for fish and fish oil, respectively.  Changes in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and blood pressure with fish and fish oil were not significantly different from changes for the control diet.  The fish lowered fibrinogen (15.7%) and thromboxane (10.5%) and increased bleeding time (10.8%) (P < 0.05 compared with control).  Eating fatty fish and fish oil produced comparable lipid and lipoprotein changes, but only the fish improved hemostatic factors.
Consumption of Fish Oil Providing Amounts of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid That Can Be Obtained from the Diet Reduces Blood Pressure in Adults with Systolic Hypertension: A Retrospective Analysis; Background: Although many randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have examined the effects of the n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20: 5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) on blood pressure (BP) and vascular function, the majority have used doses of EPA+DHA of > 3 g/d, which are unlikely to be achieved by dietary manipulation.
Essential fats for future health. Proceedings of the 9<SUP>th</SUP> Unilever Nutrition Symposium, 26-27 May 2010; The 9(th) Unilever Nutrition Symposium entitled 'Essential fats for future health', held on 26-27 May 2010, aimed to review the dietary recommendations for essential fatty acids (EFA); discuss the scientific evidence for the roles of EFA in cognition, immune function and cardiovascular health; and to identify opportunities for joint efforts by industry, academia, governmental and non-governmental organizations to effectively improve health behaviour. This paper summarizes the main conclusions of the presentations given at the symposium. Linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) are EFA that cannot by synthesized by the human body. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is considered as conditionally essential because of its limited formation from ALA in the human body and its critical role in early normal retinal and brain development and, jointly with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Some evidence for possible beneficial roles of n-3 fatty acids for immune function and adult cognitive function is emerging. A higher consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA; > 10%E), including LA, ALA and at least 250-500mg per day of EPA+DHA, is recommended for prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD). Two dietary interventions suggest that EFA may affect CVD risk factors in children similarly as in adults. To ensure an adequate EFA intake of the population, including children, public health authorities should develop clear messages based on current science; ensure availability of healthy, palatable foods; and collaborate with scientists, the food industry, schools, hospitals, health-care providers and communities to encourage consumers to make healthy choices. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2010) 64, S1-S13; doi:10.1038/ejcn.2010.242
The prognostic value of adipose tissue fatty acids for incident cardiovascular disease: results from 3944 subjects in the Scottish Heart Health Extended Cohort Study; Aims Dietary fats are routinely considered key determinants of cardiovascular risk, yet the scientific basis of this association has never been demonstrated using objective measures of fat intakes in a large prospective study in a general population.
Types of dietary fat and risk of coronary heart disease: A critical review; During the past several decades, reduction in fat intake has been the main focus of national dietary recommendations to decrease risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Several lines of evidence, however, have indicated that types of fat have a more important role in determining risk of CHD than total amount of fat in the diet. Metabolic studies have long established that the type of fat, but nor total amount of fat, predicts serum cholesterol levels. In addition, results from epidemiologic studies and controlled clinical trials have indicated that replacing saturated fat with unsaturated fat is more effective in lowering risk of CHD than simply reducing total fat consumption. Moreover, prospective cohort studies and secondary prevention trials have provided strong evidence that an increasing intake of n-3 fatty acids from fish or plant sources substantially lowers risk of cardiovascular mortality. In this article, we review evidence from epidemiologic studies and dietary intervention trials addressing the relationship between dietary far intake and risk of CHD? with a particular emphasis on different major types of fat, n-3 fatty acids and the optimal balance between n-3 and n-6 fatty acids. We also discuss the implications of the available evidence in the context of current dietary recommendations.
Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Enhance Tumor Aggressiveness in Experimental Lung Cancer Model: Important Role of Oxylipins; Lung cancer is currently the leading cause of cancer death worldwide; it is often diagnosed at an advanced stage and bears poor prognosis. It has been shown that diet is an important environmental factor that contributes to the risk and mortality of several types of cancers. Intake of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs plays an important role in cancer risk and progression. Current Western populations have high consumption of omega-6 PUFAs with a ratio of omega-6/omega-3 PUFAs at 15:1 to 16.7:1 This high consumption of omega-6 PUFAs is related to increased cancer risk and progression. However, whether a diet rich in omega-6 PUFAs can contribute to tumor aggressiveness has not been well investigated. We used a murine model of pulmonary squamous cell carcinoma to study the aggressiveness of tumors in mice fed with a diet rich in omega-6 PUFAs and its relationship with oxylipins. Our results shown that the mice fed a diet rich in omega-6 showed a marked increase in proliferation, angiogenesis and proinflammatory markers and decreased expression of pro-apoptotic proteins in their tumors. Oxylipin profiling revealed an upregulation of various pro-tumoral oxylipins including PGs, HETEs, DiHETrEs and HODEs. These results demonstrate for the first time that high intake of omega-6 PUFAs in the diet enhances the malignancy of tumor cells by histological changes on tumor dedifferentiation and increases cell proliferation, angiogenesis, pro-inflammatory oxylipins and molecular aggressiveness targets such as NF-kappa B p65, YY1, COX-2 and TGF-beta.
Is Apo-CIII the new cardiovascular target? An analysis of its current clinical and dietetic therapies; Aims: Recently, Apolipoprotein CIII (Apo-CIII) has gained remarkable attention since its overexpression has been strongly correlated to cardiovascular disease (CVD) occurrence. The aim of this review was to summarize the latest findings of Apo-CIII as a CVDs and diabetes risk factor, as well as the plausible mechanisms involved in the development of these pathologies, with particular emphasis on current clinical and dietetic therapies. Data synthesis: Apo-CIII is a small protein (w8.8 kDa) that, among other functions, inhibits lipoprotein lipase, a key enzyme in lipid metabolism. Apo-CIII plays a fundamental role in the physiopathology of atherosclerosis, type-1, and type-2 diabetes. Apo-CIII has become a potential clinical target to tackle these multifactorial diseases. Dietetic (omega-3 fatty acids, stanols, polyphenols, lycopene) and non-dietetic (fibrates, statins, and antisense oligonucleotides) therapies have shown promising results to regulate Apo-CIII and triglyceride levels. However, more information from clinical trials is required to validate it as a new target for atherosclerosis and diabetes types 1 and 2. Conclusions: There are still several pathways involving Apo-CIII regulation that might be affected by bioactive compounds that need further research. The mechanisms that trigger metabolic responses following bioactive compounds consumption are mainly related to higher LPL expression and PPARa activation, although the complete pathways are yet to be elucidated. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impact of nutrition on prevention of stroke; Several studies demonstrated the importance of nutrition, beneficial and preventive role of Mediterranean diet in the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases, chronic neurodegenerative diseases and neoplasms, obesity and diabetes. In randomized intervention trials, Mediterranean diet improved endothelial function and significantly reduced waist circumference, plasma glucose, serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score in metabolic syndrome. Several studies support favorable effects of Mediterranean diet on plasma lipid profile: reduction of total and plasma LDL cholesterol levels, plasma triglyceride levels, and apo-B and VLDL concentrations, and an increase in plasma HDL cholesterol levels. This effect is associated with increased plasma antioxidant capacity, improved endothelial function, reduced insulin resistance, and reduced incidence of the metabolic syndrome. The beneficial impact of fish consumption on the risk of cardiovascular diseases is the result of synergistic effects of nutrients in fish. Fish is considered an excellent source of protein with low saturated fat, nutritious trace elements, long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn3PUFAs), and vitamins D and B. Fish consumption may be inversely associated with ischemic stroke but not with hemorrhagic stroke because of the potential antiplatelet aggregation property of LCn3PUFAs. Total stroke risk reduction was statistically significant for fish intake once per week, while the risk of stroke was lowered by 31% in individuals who ate fish 5 times or more per week. In the elderly, moderate consumption of tuna/other fish, but not fried fish, was associated with lower prevalence of subclinical infarcts and white matter abnormalities on MRI examination. Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids in a moderate-to-high range does not appear to be associated with reduced plaque, but is negatively associated with carotid artery intima-media thickness. Greater adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with significant reduction in overall mortality, mortality from cardiovascular diseases and stroke, incidence of or mortality from cancel; and incidence of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and aquaculture in perspective; In the 40 years since the essentiality of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish was first established by determining quantitative requirements for 18:3n-3 and 18:2n-6 in rainbow trout, essential fatty acid (EFA) research has gone through distinct phases. For 20 years the focus was primarily on determining qualitative and quantitative EFA requirements of fish species. Nutritional and biochemical studies showed major differences between fish species based on whether C-18 PUFA or long-chain (LC)-PUFA were required to satisfy requirements. In contrast, in the last 20 years, research emphasis shifted to determining "optimal" levels of EFA to support growth of fish fed diets with increased lipid content and where growth expectations were much higher. This required greater knowledge of the roles and functions of EFA in metabolism and physiology, and how these impacted on fish health and disease. Requirement studies were more focused on early life stages, in particular larval marine fish, defining not only levels, but also balances between different EFAs. Finally, a major driver in the last 10-15 years has been the unavoidable replacement of fish oil and fishmeal in feeds and the impacts that this can have on n-3 LC-PUFA contents of diets and farmed fish, and the human consumer. Thus, dietary n-3 in fish feeds can be defined by three levels. Firstly, the minimum level required to satisfy EFA requirements and thus prevent nutritional pathologies. This level is relatively small and easy to supply even with today's current high demand for fish oil. The second level is that required to sustain maximum growth and optimum health in fish being fed modern high-energy diets. The balance between different PUFA and LC-PUFA is important and defining them is more challenging, and so ideal levels and balances are still not well understood, particularly in relation to fish health. The third level is currently driving much research; how can we supply sufficient n-3 LC-PUFA to maintain these nutrients in farmed fish at similar or higher levels than in wild fish? This level far exceeds the biological requirements of the fish itself and to satisfy it we require entirely new sources of n-3 LC-PUFA. We cannot rely on the finite and limited marine resources that we can sustainably harvest or efficiently recycle. We need to produce n-3 LC-PUFA de novo and all possible options should be considered. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has optimal chain length and degree of unsaturation to inhibit oxidation of small dense LDL and membrane cholesterol domains as compared to related fatty acids in vitro; Background: Oxidation of small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) and membranes is causally related to atherosclerosis. The omega-3 fatty acid (FA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5, omega-3) significantly reduced oxidized LDL in patients with hypertriglyceridemia by unknown mechanisms. We compared EPA effects to related FAs of varying chain length and unsaturation on oxidation of sdLDL and model membranes, and on cholesterol crystal domains. We compared EPA to the FAs: stearic (SA, 18:0), oleic (OA, 18:1, omega-9), linoleic (LA, 18:2, omega-6), alpha-linolenic (ALA, 18:3, omega-3), eicosanoic (EA, 20:0), eicosatrienoic (ETE, 20:3, omega-3), arachidonic (AA, 20:4, omega-6), docosapentaenoic (DPA, 22:5, omega-3), and docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6, omega-3).
Polyunsaturated fatty acids as modulators of fat mass and lean mass in human body composition regulation and cardiometabolic health; It is now recognized that the amount and type of dietary fat consumed play an important role in metabolic health. In humans, high intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been associated with reductions in cardiovascular disease risk, improvements in glucose homeostasis, and changes in body composition that involve reductions in central adiposity and, more recently, increases in lean body mass. There is also emerging evidence, which suggests that high intakes of the plant-based essential fatty acids (ePUFAs)-n-6 linoleic acid (LA) and n-3 alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)-have a greater impact on body composition (fat mass and lean mass) and on glucose homeostasis than the marine-derived long-chain n-3 PUFA-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In addition, high intake of both ePUFAs (LA and ALA) may also have anti-inflammatory effects in humans. The purpose of this review is to highlight the emerging evidence, from both epidemiological prospective studies and clinical intervention trials, of a role for PUFA, in particular ePUFA, in the long-term regulation of body weight and body composition, and their impact on cardiometabolic health. It also discusses current notions about the mechanisms by which PUFAs modulate fat mass and lean mass through altered control of energy intake, thermogenesis, or lean-fat partitioning.
Combining fish-oil supplements with regular aerobic exercise improves body composition and cardiovascular disease risk factors; Background: Regular exercise and consuming long-chain n-3 fatty acids (FAs) from fish or fish oil can independently improve cardiovascular and metabolic health, but combining these lifestyle modifications may be more effective than either treatment alone.
Docosahexaenoic acid status in females of reproductive age with maple syrup urine disease; Individuals with maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) have impaired metabolism of branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) valine, isoleucine, and leucine. Life-long dietary therapy is recommended to restrict BCAA intake and thus prevent poor neurological outcomes and death. To maintain adequate nutritional status, the majority of protein and nutrients are derived from synthetic BCAA-free medical foods with variable fatty acid content. Given the restrictive diet and the importance of omega-3 fatty acids, particularly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), in neurological development, this study evaluated the dietary and fatty acid status of females of reproductive age with MSUD attending a metabolic camp. Healthy controls of similar age and sex were selected from existing normal laboratory data. Total lipid fatty acid concentration in plasma and erythrocytes was analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. Participants with MSUD had normal to increased concentrations of plasma and erythrocyte alpha linolenic acid (ALA) but significantly lower concentrations of plasma and erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) as percent of total lipid fatty acids compared with controls (plasma DHA: MSUD 1.03 +/- 0.35, controls 2.87 +/- 1.08; P = 0.001; erythrocyte DHA: MSUD 2.58 +/- 0.58, controls 3.66 +/- 0.80; P = 0.011). Dietary records reflected negligible or no DHA intake over the 3-day period prior to the blood draw (range 0-2 mg). These results suggest females of reproductive age with MSUD have lower blood DHA concentrations than age-matched controls. In addition, the presence of ALA in medical foods and the background diet may not counter the lack of preformed DHA in the diet. The implications of these results warrant further investigation.
ENTERAL NUTRITION WITH SUPPLEMENTAL ARGININE, RNA, AND OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS IN PATIENTS AFTER OPERATION - IMMUNOLOGICAL, METABOLIC, AND CLINICAL OUTCOME; The individual nutrients arginine, RNA, and omega-3 fatty acids improve immune function, but prospective trials have not demonstrated their effects on clinical outcome. Patients (n = 85) who underwent operation for upper gastrointestinal malignancies were randomized to receive the supplemental diet or a standard enteral diet after surgery. Clinical patient characteristics were similar between the two groups. Mean caloric intakes (1421 vs 1285 kcal/day) were similar between groups. Mean nitrogen intakes (15.6 vs 9.0 gm/day) and nitrogen balances (-2.2 vs -6.6 gm/day) measured in the first 20 patients were significantly greater in the supplemented group than in the standard group (p = 0.05). In vitro lymphocyte mitogenesis was measured in the first 31 patients and was decreased on postoperative day 1 in both groups, but normal levels were regained only in the supplemented group. In the cohort of 77 eligible patients, infectious and wound complications occurred significantly less often (11% vs 37%) in the supplemented group than in the standard group (p = 0.02). Linear logistic models for infectious/wound complications with control for the amount of nitrogen suggested (p = 0. 10) dietary treatment as the major factor. Mean length of stay in the hospital was significantly shorter (p = 0.01) for the supplemented group (15.8 +/- 5. 1 days) than for the standard group (20.2 +/- 9.4 days). These results suggest that postoperative enteral nutrition with supplemental arginine, RNA, and omega-3 fatty acids instead of a standard enteral diet significantly improved immunologic, metabolic, and clinical outcomes in patients with upper gastrointestinal malignancies who were undergoing major elective surgery.
Fatty acids and inflammation: The cutting edge between food and pharma; Inflammation underlies many common conditions and diseases. Fatty acids can influence inflammation through a variety of mechanisms, including acting via cell surface and intracellular receptors/sensors that control inflammatory cell signalling and gene expression patterns. Some effects of fatty acids on inflammatory cells appear to be mediated by, or at least are associated with, changes in fatty acid composition of cell membranes. Changes in these compositions can modify membrane fluidity, lipid raft formation, cell signalling leading to altered gene expression, and the pattern of lipid and peptide mediator production. Cells involved in the inflammatory response are typically rich in the n-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid, but the contents of arachidonic acid and of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can be altered through oral administration of EPA and DHA. Eicosanoids produced from arachidonic acid have roles in inflammation. EPA also gives rise to eicosanoids and these may have differing properties from those of arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoids. EPA and DHA give rise to resolvins which are anti-inflammatory and inflammation resolving. Thus, fatty acid exposure and the fatty acid composition of human inflammatory cells influences their function. As a result of their anti-inflammatory actions marine n-3 fatty acids have therapeutic efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis, although benefits in other inflammatory diseases and conditions have not been unequivocally demonstrated. The anti-inflammatory effects of marine n-3 fatty acids may contribute to their protective actions towards atherosclerosis, plaque rupture and cardiovascular mortality. The therapeutic dose of n-3 fatty acids is not clear. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of statins on stroke prevention in patients with and without coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; PURPOSE: To assess if lipid-lowering interventions (statins, fibrates, resins, n-3 fatty acids, diet) prevent nonfatal and fatal strokes in patients with and without coronary heart disease.
Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia: A Review of Therapies in the Pipeline; Background The 2018 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) guidelines and 2021 ACC Expert Consensus Decision Pathway recommend nonpharmacological interventions and initiation of statin therapy for patients with moderate hypertriglyceridemia and addition of fibrates or omega-3 fatty acids in severe hypertriglyceridemia. Although the association between triglyceride (TG) lowering and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk reduction remains controversial, patients with hypertriglyceridemia may represent a subgroup that require additional therapy to further reduce residual ASCVD risk. Moreover, medications that target novel pathways could provide alternative options for patients who are intolerant of existing therapies or doses needed to provide adequate triglyceride lowering. Objective: Assess recent evidence for TG-lowering agents including omega-3 fatty acid-based therapies, PPAR alpha modulators, apoC-III mRNA antisense inhibitors, angiopoietin-like 3 (ANGPTL3) antibodies, and herbal supplements. Methods: A literature search was performed using PubMed with hypertriglyceridemia specified as a MeSH term or included in the title or abstract of the article along with each individual agent. For inclusion, trials needed to have a primary or secondary outcome of TG levels or TG lowering. Conclusion: Currently, the only US Food and Drug Administration approved medication for CV risk reduction in patients with hypertriglyceridemia is icosapent ethyl. Results from phase 3 trials for CaPre, pemafibrate, and volanesorsen as well as additional evidence for pipeline pharmacotherapies with novel mechanisms of action (e.g., ApoC-III mRNA antisense inhibitors and ANGPTL3 antibodies) will help to guide future pharmacotherapy considerations for patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Sequential Feeding of Lipid Supplement Enriches Beef Adipose Tissues with 18:3n-3 Biohydrogenation Intermediates; The present study was designed to determine if feeding steers extruded flaxseed and hay (25 and 75%; DM basis) together as a total mixed ration (TMR), or sequentially (non-TMR) would result in different enrichments of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and their biohydrogenation intermediates (BHI) in beef adipose tissues [subcutaneous (SC) vs perirenal (PR) fat]. Forty-eight Angus cross steers (325 +/- 16 kg) were stratified by weight to six pens, and pens were randomized to either TMR or non-TMR and fed ad libitum for an average of 242 days. The concentrations of alpha-linolenic acid increased by 18 mol% in both SC and PR in non-TMR steers compared to TMR steers (P < 0.01). trans 18:1 isomers were more concentrated in PR than SC (14.4 vs 9.5 mol%; P < 0.01) and increased by 10 mol% in both fat depots for non-TMR (P < 0.01). Other BHI including non-methylene-interrupted 18:2 (atypical dienes), conjugated linoleic acids and conjugated linolenic acids (CLnA) were affected by diet x tissue interactions (P < 0.01). The CLnA and CLA contents were higher in both fat depots when feeding the non-TMR, but the effect of diet was more pronounced in PR than in SC (P < 0.01). Atypical dienes were highest in PR from non-TMR and lowest in TMR fed steers (4.3 and 3.6 mol%) with SC contents being intermediate. The sequential feeding of lipid supplement can thus profoundly affect the enrichment of PUFA and their BHI in beef fat and their differentially enrichment is also fat depot dependant.
PM2.5 inhalation induces intracranial atherosclerosis which may be ameliorated by omega 3 fatty acids; Background: Intracranial atherosclerosis (ICA) a major health problem. This study investigated whether inhalation of fine airborne particulate matters (PM2.5) causes ICA and whether omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) attenuated the development of ICA.
Eicosapentaenoic acid reduces membrane fluidity, inhibits cholesterol domain formation, and normalizes bilayer width in atherosclerotic-like model membranes; Cholesterol crystalline domains characterize atherosclerotic membranes, altering vascular signaling and function. Omega-3 fatty acids reduce membrane lipid peroxidation and subsequent cholesterol domain formation. We evaluated non-peroxidation-mediated effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), other TG-lowering agents, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and other long-chain fatty acids on membrane fluidity, bilayer width, and cholesterol domain formation in model membranes. In membranes prepared at 1.5:1 cholesterol-to-phospholipid (C/P) mole ratio (creating pre-existing domains), EPA, glycyrrhizin, arachidonic acid, and alpha linolenic acid promoted the greatest reductions in cholesterol domains (by 65.5%, 54.9%, 46.8%, and 45.2%, respectively) compared to controls; other treatments had modest effects. EPA effects on cholesterol domain formation were dose-dependent. In membranes with 1:1 C/P (predisposing domain formation), DHA, but not EPA, dose-dependently increased membrane fluidity. DHA also induced cholesterol domain formation without affecting temperature-induced changes in-bilayer unit cell periodicity relative to controls (d-space; 57 angstrom-55 angstrom over 15-30 degrees C). Together, these data suggest simultaneous formation of distinct cholesterol-rich ordered domains and cholesterol-poor disordered domains in the presence of DHA. By contrast, EPA had no effect on cholesterol domain formation and produced larger d-space values relative to controls (60 angstrom-57 angstrom; p < 0.05) over the same temperature range, suggesting a more uniform maintenance of lipid dynamics despite the presence of cholesterol. These data indicate that EPA and DHA had different effects on membrane bilayer width, membrane fluidity, and cholesterol crystalline domain formation; suggesting omega-3 fatty acids with differing chain length or unsaturation may differentially influence membrane lipid dynamics and structural organization as a result of distinct phospholipid/sterol interactions. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Chia (<i>Salvia hispanica</i> L.) as a novel forage and feed source: A review; Chia (Salvia hispanica L.), is a traditional pre-Colombian food crop from Central America. Being considered the richest botanical source of omega-3 fatty acids, it has recently been rediscovered as a functional food and feed. A growing body of literature indicates that dietary chia seeds greatly improve animal products quality without compromising growth, productivity and organoleptic quality. Chia is mainly cultivated as a seed crop but recently interest has been raised on biomass production as a potential forage source opening alleys toward the integration of chia in crop-livestock systems. Literature on chia is flourishing, up to now reviews addressed botany, agronomy phytochemical and medicinal uses, this article reviews the main findings on chia use in animal nutrition and includes an overview on both seed and biomass yield and quality as affected by environment, agronomy, and genetic background. Chia is a short-day flowering crop, seed yields of commercial varieties can be as high as 2999 kg ha(-1) in areas of origin while at European latitudes seed production is severely hampered by photoperiod sensitivity (max 518 kg ha(-1)). The viable growing of chia for seeds worldwide relies on the availability of genotypes flowering at longer days than in the areas of origin, while for whole plant a relatively high forage yield can be expected. In southern Italy commercial short-day flowering varieties yielded up to 2.07 t ha(-1) of leaf dry biomass and in Greece chia yielded up to 15 T ha(-1) dry biomass. Chia seeds supplement in livestock diet are administered with the main objective to increase the content of omega-3 and improve animal health.
The Future of Lipid-Lowering Therapy; The recent introduction of inhibitors of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin 9 to lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol on top of statins or as monotherapy is rapidly changing the landscape of treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However, existing lipid-lowering drugs have little impact on lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) or plasma triglycerides, two other risk factors for ASCVD. This review summarizes the evidence and the rationale to target Lp(a) and triglycerides and provides an overview of currently tested strategies to lower Lp(a), apolipoprotein C-III and angiopoietin-like protein 3. In addition, it summarizes new findings on the use of omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FA) to fight ASCVD. With the exception of OM3FA supplementation, the promise of the experimental drugs discussed here depends on the long-term safety and efficacy of monoclonal antibodies and/or antisense oligonucleotides Clinical outcome trials will ultimately prove whether these new therapeutic modalities will reduce ASCVD risk.
Modulation of antioxidant enzymes and programmed cell death by n-3 fatty acids; Studies from our laboratory indicate that n-3 (fish oil, FO) lipids at 10% (w/w) in a nutritionally adequate, semipurified diet, and supplemented with equal levels of antioxidants, extended the life span of lupus-prone (NZB/NZW)F-1 (B/W) female mice as compared to n-6 (corn oil, CO) lipids. The early rise of autoimmune disease in GO-fed mice was closely linked to the loss of T-cell function. Both IL-2 production and IL-2 receptor expression were reduced due to the loss of naive T-cells and a rise in memory T-cells. Proliferative response to both mitogens and superantigens (staphylococcal enterotoxins A and B) was higher in FO-fed 6.5-mon-old mice. These changes paralleled decreased PGE(2) production by splenic cells from FO-fed mice.
Treatment with omega-3 fatty acid ethyl-ester alters fatty acid composition of lipoproteins in overweight or obese adults with insulin resistance; Introduction: The effects of dietary fatty acid supplementation on lipoprotein fatty acid composition have rarely been described.
Icosapent Ethyl: Niche Drug or for the Masses?; Purpose of Review Despite achieving optimal levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) with statins, the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) persists. The purpose of this review is to outline the effects of icosapent ethyl (IPE), an ultra-purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on ASCVD risk assessment.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) after myocardial infarction - Results from Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto (GISSI)-Prevenzione Trial; Objective: To estimate the cost effectiveness of treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) for secondary prevention after myocardial infarction (MI).
Fatty acid composition in erythrocytes and coronary artery disease risk: a case-control study in China; Background and aims: There is limited and conflicting evidence about the association of erythrocyte fatty acids with coronary artery disease (CAD), particularly in China where the CAD rates are high. Our study aimed to explore the association between erythrocyte fatty acid composition and CAD risk in Chinese adults. Methods: Erythrocyte fatty acids of 314 CAD patients and 314 matched controls were measured by gas chromatography. Multivariable conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline models were used to explore the odds ratio with 95% confidence interval (OR, 95% CI) and potential association between erythrocyte fatty acids and CAD risk. Principal component analysis (PCA) was used to analyze further the potential role of various erythrocyte fatty acid patterns in relation to CAD risk. Results: Significant inverse associations were observed between high levels of erythrocyte total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) [ORT3-T1 = 0.18 (0.12, 0.28)], monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) [ORT3-T1 = 0.21 (0.13, 0.32)], and the risk of CAD. Conversely, levels of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs) were positively associated with CAD risk [ORT3-T1 = 3.33 (2.18, 5.13), ORT3-T1 = 1.61 (1.06, 2.43)]. No significant association was observed between CAD risk and total trans fatty acids. Additionally, the PCA identifies four new fatty acid patterns (FAPs). The risk of CAD was significantly positively associated with FAP1 and FAP2, while being negatively correlated with FAP3 and FAP4. Conclusion: The different types of erythrocyte fatty acids may significantly alter susceptibility to CAD. Elevated levels of n-3-PUFAs and MUFAs are considered as protective biomarkers against CAD, while SFAs and n-6 PUFAs may be associated with higher CAD risk in Chinese adults. The risk of CAD was positively associated with FAP1 and FAP2, and negatively associated with FAP3 and FAP4. Combinations of erythrocyte fatty acids may be more important markers of CAD development than individual fatty acids or their subgroups.
Joint effects of fatty acid desaturase 1 polymorphisms and dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake on circulating fatty acid proportions; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are associated with a lower risk of multiple diseases. Fatty acid desaturase 1 gene (FADS1) polymorphisms and dietary PUFA intake are both established determinants of circulating PUFA proportions.
A well balanced omega-6/omega-3 ratio in developing flax bolls after heating and its implications for use as a fresh vegetable by humans; Flax seed (Linum usitatissimum L) can be used for both industrial and food products including a wide variety of nutraceuticals and health foods and for which a restricted and specific fatty acid (FA) profile is required. As functional foods, flax meal is provided to humans in the form of ground vacuum-packed grains or flaxseed-enriched baked products. However, no reports are yet available on the potential food use for fresh flax products. A comparative study was conducted using two flax cultivars, AC McDuff and Linola, to evaluate FA accumulation in developing bolls at 12 different developmental stages and to determine stages having well balanced omega-6/omega-3 FA ratio. The lipid hydroperoxide level in fresh bolls and seeds, and the cyanogenic glucoside content in developing bolls were also measured in AC McDuff following different heating treatments. The findings indicated and suggested that the use of flax bolls as health promoting vegetable can be considered if adequately processed and palatable food attributes are obtained. Crown Copyright (C) 2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adherence to the healthy Nordic food index and total and cause-specific mortality among Swedish women; Several healthy dietary patterns have been linked to longevity. Recently, a Nordic dietary pattern was associated with a lower overall mortality. No study has, however, investigated this dietary pattern in relation to cause-specific mortality. The aim of the present study was to examine the association between adherence to a healthy Nordic food index (consisting of wholegrain bread, oatmeal, apples/pears, root vegetables, cabbages and fish/shellfish) and overall mortality, and death by cardiovascular disease, cancer, injuries/suicide and other causes. We conducted a prospective analysis in the Swedish Women's Lifestyle and Health cohort, including 44,961 women, aged 29-49 years, who completed a food frequency questionnaire between 1991-1992, and have been followed up for mortality ever since, through Swedish registries. The median follow-up time is 21.3 years, and mortality rate ratios (MRR) were calculated using Cox Proportional Hazards Models. Compared to women with the lowest index score (0-1 points), those with the highest score (4-6 points) had an 18 % lower overall mortality (MRR 0.82; 0.71-0.93, p < 0.0004). A 1-point increment in the healthy Nordic food index was associated with a significantly lower risk of all-cause mortality: 6 % (3-9 %), cancer mortality: 5 % (1-9 %) and mortality from other causes: 16 % (8-22 %). When examining the diet components individually, only wholegrain bread and apples/pears were significantly inversely associated with all-cause mortality. We observed no effect-modification by smoking status, BMI or age at baseline. The present study encourages adherence to a healthy Nordic food index, and warrants further investigation of the strong association with non-cancer, non-cardiovascular and non-injury/suicide deaths.
Dietary, lifestyle and pharmacogenetic factors associated with arteriole endothelial-dependent vasodilatation in schizophrenia patients treated with atypical antipsychotics (AAPs); Purpose: Within schizophrenia cardiovascular disease (CVD) is highly prevalent secondary to atypical antipsychotic (AAP) use. Thorough assessments of diet, lifestyle, and endothelial functioning have not been done in this population. Omega 3 Fatty Acids (N-3 FAs) have garnered attention in relation to psychopathology as well as cardioprotection. This study examined the status of endothelial function within the schizophrenia population and determined pharmacogenetic, medication, dietary, and lifestyle factors associated with this functioning.
Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid on Platelet Function in Patients Taking Long-Term Aspirin Following Coronary Stent Implantation; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been widely accepted to have antiatherosclerotic effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the antiplatelet effect of EPA combined with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) following stent implantation. Eighteen patients who had undergone coronary stent implantation at least 8 months previously were included. All patients were given EPA ethyl ester (EPA-E) 1.8 g/day in addition to ASA 100 mg/day for 12 weeks. After the treatment, the plasma EPA/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio increased significantly from 0.40 +/- 0.2 to 1.08 +/- 0.39 (P < 0.001). There were no changes in the maximum platelet aggregation (MPA) induced by adenosine diphosphate (5 and 20 mu mol/L), AA (0.3 and 0.5 mg/mL), or collagen (2 and 4 mu g/mL). Furthermore, no significant differences were observed in the expression of PAC-1 and CD62P on the platelet surface membranes or in the soluble P-selectin concentration. With further analysis, a significant negative correlation was found between collagen (2 mu g/mL)-induced MPA and plasma EPA/AA ratio (r = -0.507, P = 0.032). The patients were then divided into 2 groups according to the median EPA/AA ratio value of 0.92. In the high EPA/AA ratio group (n = 10), collagen-induced MPA was significantly suppressed after EPA-E administration (45.3 +/- 15.9 versus 39.0 +/- 16.3, P = 0.033). In contrast, there were no significant changes in platelet aggregation (56.0 +/- 9.8 versus 57.1 +/- 11.4, P = 0.745) in the low EPA/AA ratio group (n = 8). EPA treatment had a potential to suppress collagen-induced platelet aggregation in patients with a high plasma EPA/AA ratio.
Omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and their mechanisms of action on apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins in humans: a review; Background: Epidemiological and genetic studies suggest that elevated triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoprotein levels in the circulation increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Prescription formulations of omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs), mainly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), reduce plasma TG levels and are approved for the treatment of patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Many preclinical studies have investigated the TG-lowering mechanisms of action of OM3FAs, but less is known from clinical studies.
Early Investigational and Experimental Therapeutics for the Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia has been identified as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and acute pancreatitis. To date, there are only few drug classes targeting triglyceride levels such as fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids. These agents are at times insufficient to address very high triglycerides and the residual cardiovascular risk in patients with mixed dyslipidemia. To address this unmet clinical need, novel triglyceride-lowering agents have been in different phases of early clinical development. In this review, the latest and experimental therapies for the management of hypertriglyceridemia are presented. Specifically, ongoing trials evaluating novel apolipoprotein C-III inhibitors, omega-3 fatty acids, as well as fibroblast growth 21 analogues are discussed.
Pharmacological aspects of secondary prevention post-MI; The pharmacological evaluation of medications used in secondary prevention of myocardial infarction offers interesting insights that facilitate the individualization of therapy. One example is the strong evidence of a reduced patient benefit with come-dication of ACE inhibitors and acetylsalicylic acid after myocardial infarction.
Ultrafast sodium channel block by dietary fish oil prevents dofetilide-induced ventricular arrhythmias in rabbit hearts; Several epidemiologic and clinical studies show that following myocardial infarction, dietary supplements of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3FA) reduce sudden death. Animal data show that omega 3FA have antiarrhythmic properties, but their mechanisms of action require further elucidation. The effects of omega 3FA supplementation were studied in female rabbits to analyze whether their antiarrhythmic effects are due to a reduction of triangulation, reverse use-dependence, instability, and dispersion (TRIaD) of the cardiac action potential (TRIaD as a measure of proarrhythmic effects). In Langendorff-perfused hearts challenged by a selective rapidly activating delayed rectifier potassium current inhibitor that has been shown to exhibit proarrhythmic effects (dofetilide; 1 to 100 nM), omega 3FA pretreatment (30 days; n = 6) prolonged the plateau phase of the monophasic action potential; did not slow the terminal fast repolarization; reduced the dofetilide-induced prolongation of the action potential duration; reduced dofetilide-induced triangulation; and reduced dofetilide-induced reverse use-dependence, instability of repolarization, and dispersion. Dofetilide reduced excitability in omega 3FA-pretreated hearts but not in control hearts. Whereas torsades de pointes (TdP) were observed in five out of six in control hearts, none were observed in omega 3FA-pretreated hearts. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) inhibited the sodium current with ultrafast kinetics. Dietary omega 3FA supplementation markedly reduced dofetilide-induced TRIaD and abolished dofetilide-induced TdP. Ultrafast sodium channel block by DHA may account for the antiarrhythmic protection of the dietary supplements of omega 3FA against dofetilide-induced proarrhythmia observed in this animal model.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and inflammatory diseases; Inflammation is overall a protective response, whose main goal is to liberate the human being of cellular lesions caused by micro-organisms, toxins, allergens, etc., as well as its consequences, and of death cells and necrotic tissues. Chronic inflammation, which is detrimental to tissues, is the basic pathogenic mechanism of hypersensitivity reactions against xenobiotics. Other frequent pathologies, for instance atherosclerosis, chronic hepatitis, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), liver cirrhosis, lung fibrosis, psoriasis, and rheumatoid arthritis are also chronic inflammatory diseases. Chemical mediators of inflammation are derived from blood plasma or different cell-type activity. Biogenic amines, eicosanoids and cytokines are within the most important mediators of inflammatory processes. The different activities of eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid (20:4 n-6) versus those derived from eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3) are one of the most important mechanisms to explain why n-3, or omega-3, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) exhibit anti-inflammatory properties in many inflammatory diseases. Dietary supplements ranging 1-8 g per day of n-3 PUFA have been reportedly beneficial in the treatment of IBD, eczema, psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, recent experimental studies in rats with experimental ulcerative colitis, induced by intrarectal injection of trinitrobenzene sulphonic acid, have documented that treatment with n-3 long-chain PUFA reduces mucosal damage as assessed by biochemical and histological markers of inflammation. Moreover, the defence antioxidant system in this model is enhanced in treated animals, provided that the n-3 PUFA supply is adequately preserved from oxidation. (C) 2002 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
ω3-Polyunsaturated fatty acids for heart failure: Effects of dose on efficacy and novel signaling through free fatty acid receptor 4; Heart failure (HF) affects 5.7 million in the U.S., and despite well-established pharmacologic therapy, the 5-year mortality rate remains near 50%. Furthermore, the mortality rate for HF has not declined in years, highlighting the need for new therapeutic options. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are important regulators of cardiovascular health. However, questions of efficacy and mechanism of action have made the use of omega 3-PUFAs in all cardiovascular disease (CVD) controversial. Here, we review recent studies in animal models of HF indicating that omega 3-PUFAs, particularly EPA, are cardioprotective, with the results indicating a threshold for efficacy. We also examine clinical studies suggesting that omega 3-PUFAs improve outcomes in patients with HF. Due to the relatively small number of clinical studies of omega 3-PUFAs in HF, we discuss EPA concentration -dependency on outcomes in clinical trials of CVD to gain insight into the perceived questionable efficacy of omega 3-PUFAs clinically, with the results again indicating a threshold for efficacy. Ultimately, we suggest that the main failing of w3-PUFAs in clinical trials might be a failure to reach a therapeutically effective concentration. We also examine mechanistic studies suggesting that omega 3-PUFAs signal through free fatty acid receptor 4 (Ffar4), a G-protein coupled receptor (GPR) for long-chain fatty acids (FA), thereby identifying an entirely novel mechanism of action for omega 3-PUFA mediated cardioprotection. Finally, based on mechanistic animal studies suggesting that EPA prevents interstitial fibrosis and diastolic dysfunction, we speculate about a potential benefit for EPA-Ffar4 signaling in heart failure preserved with ejection fraction. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2010: Implications for Cardiovascular Disease; The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) provides science-based advice to promote health and reduce risk of major chronic diseases by diet and physical activity. The primary emphasis is on food-based recommendations that meet energy and nutrient needs. The DGA is made in the context of a total diet designed to reduce the incidence and prevalence of overweight and obesity. In addition, the DGA also targets cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk reduction. DGA recommends nutrient-dense foods including fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, lean protein foods including seafood, and vegetable oils. This dietary pattern beneficially affects blood lipids and other CVD risk factors. Foods and nutrients to limit include solid fats (saturated fatty acids, trans-fatty acids), dietary cholesterol, added sugars, refined grains, and sodium. Healthy dietary patterns that emphasize nutrient-dense foods will significantly benefit public health, in part, by reducing CVD risk.
Lung Function and Short-Term Ambient Air Pollution Exposure Differential Impacts of Omega-3 and Omega-6 Fatty Acids; Rationale: Exposure to air pollution is associated with adverse respiratory effects. Polyunsaturated omega 3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) appear to attenuate the health effects of air pollution.
Effects of Supplemental Vitamin D on Bone Health Outcomes in Women and Men in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL); Although supplemental vitamin D is used to promote bone health in the general population, data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have been inconsistent. We determined whether daily, vitamin D-3 supplementation improves bone mineral density (BMD) and/or structure. VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is a double-blind, placebo-controlled RCT of supplemental vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/d) and/or omega-3 fatty acids (1 g/d) in 25,871 adults nationwide. This ancillary study included a subcohort of 771 participants (men >= 50 and women >= 55 years; not taking bone active medications) evaluated at baseline and at 2-year follow-up (89% retention). Total 25(OH)D levels were measured by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (Quest Diagnostics, San Juan Capistrano, CA, USA). Free 25(OH)D (FVD) levels were measured using the ELISA assay by Future Diagnostics Solutions BV (Wijchen, Netherlands). Primary endpoints were 2-year changes in areal (a) BMD at the spine, hip, and whole body determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Secondary endpoints were 2-year changes in volumetric (v) BMD and cortical thickness at the radius and tibia assessed by peripheral quantitative computed tomography. Supplemental vitamin D-3 versus placebo had no effect on 2-year changes in aBMD at the spine (0.33% versus 0.17%; p = 0.55), femoral neck (-0.27% versus -0.68%; p = 0.16), total hip (-0.76% versus -0.95%; p = 0.23), or whole body (-0.22% versus -0.15%; p = 0.60), or on measures of bone structure. Effects did not vary by sex, race/ethnicity, body mass index, or 25(OH)D levels. Among participants with baseline FVD levels below the median (<14.2 pmol/L), there was a slight increase in spine aBMD (0.75% versus 0%; p = 0.043) and attenuation in loss of total hip aBMD (-0.42% versus -0.98%; p = 0.044) with vitamin D-3. Whether baseline FVD levels help to identify those more likely to benefit from supplementation warrants further study. Supplemental vitamin D-3 versus placebo for 2 years in general healthy adults not selected for vitamin D insufficiency did not improve BMD or structure. (c) 2020 The Authors. Journal of Bone and Mineral Research published by American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Reduced or modified dietary fat for preventing cardiovascular disease; Background
Reduced or modified dietary fat for preventing cardiovascular disease; Background
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels of Serum and Red Blood Cells in Apparently Healthy Japanese Subjects Living in an Urban Area; Aim: We assessed levels of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in serum and red blood cells (RBCs) among groups stratified by generation and its clinical significance in Japanese subjects living in an urban area.
Dietary alteration of dihomogamma-linolenic acid arachidonic acid ratio in a rat 5/6-renal-ablation model; Interest in the modulation of renal diseases by polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) led this group to examine the effects of borage oil (BO) and corn oil (CO) in the rat 5/6-renal-ablation model, BO is a rich source of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA; 18:3n-6), which is elongated to dihomogamma-linolenic acid (DGLA; 20:3n-6). CO is a rich source of linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n-6), a GLA and arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4n-6) precursor, The purpose of this study was to assess whether an increased DGLA:AA ratio as provided by BO would confer benefits beyond those provided by LA present in corn oil, Forty rats were used for the experiment. Seven rats were used for presurgery measurements. The remaining animals were subjected to 5/6 nephrectomy. Surviving rats (N = 30) were fed regular laboratory diet (RLD) for 7 days, at which time seven rats Were used to obtain 1-wk postnephrectomy data. The remainder were then allocated to receive either RLD (N = 8), 15% BO (N = 8), or 15% CO (N = 7) diets for 20 wk. Body weight, renal phospholipid levels, renal function (proteinuria and GFR), glomerular histology, glomerular macrophage infiltration, urinary prostaglandin levels (thromboxane B-2 (TxB(2)), 6-keto-PGF(1 alpha)), plasma lipid levels, and blood pressure were measured. Diets were well tolerated by all groups with a similar age-related gain in weight throughout the study. Efficacy of the PUFA diets was confirmed by alteration in renal tissue phospholipids; LA decreased in the RLD and BO groups, but not in the CO group. AA was higher in the BO and CO rats, but only the BO group showed a rise in GLA and DGLA incorporation. Proteinuria increased progressively in the RLD group but remained at 1-wk postsurgery levels in the BO and CO groups. Decline in GFR and mesangial expansion were significantly lessened by BO supplementation only, Both PUFA diets limited glomerulosclerosis and macrophage infiltration, but direct comparisons between BO and CO groups revealed significantly less glomerulosclerosis and macrophage infiltration in the BO group. Both BO and CO attenuated the rise in the TxB(2) excretion rate and restored the 6-keto-PGF(1 alpha):TxB(2) ratio to the 1-wk postsurgery level. Plasma lipid levels rose in all groups, but the rise in cholesterol level was less in the BO and CO rats, CO being the most efficacious in this regard, BP increased progressively in RLD rats, but not in the BO and CO groups, BO providing a markedly greater hypotensive effect. In summary, both CO and BO supplemented PUFA diets limited glomerular injury in the renal-ablated rats. However, BO supplementation was more effective than CO supplementation at preserving GFR, limiting mesangial expansion and glomerulosclerosis, and reducing glomerular macrophage infiltration.
ALOX5 gene variants affect eicosanoid production and response to fish oil supplementation; The objective of this study was to determine whether 5-lipoxygenase (ALOX5) gene variants associated with cardiovascular disease affect eicosanoid production by monocytes. The study was a randomized, double-masked, parallel intervention trial with fish oil (5.0 g of fish oil daily, containing 2.0 g of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 1.0 g of docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) or placebo oil (5.0 g of corn/soy mixture). A total of 116 subjects (68% female, 20-59 years old) of African American ancestry enrolled, and 98 subjects completed the study. Neither ALOX5 protein nor arachidonic acid-derived LTB4, LTD4, and LTE4 varied by genotype, but 5-hydroxyeicosatetraenoate (5-HETE), 6-trans LTB4, 5-oxo-ETE, 15-HETE, and 5,15-diHETE levels were higher in subjects homozygous for the ALOX5 promoter allele containing five Sp1 element tandem repeats ("55" genotype) than in subjects with one deletion (d) (three or four repeats) and one common ("d5" genotype) allele or with two deletion ("dd") alleles. The EPA-derived metabolites 5-HEPE and 15-HEPE and the DHA-derived metabolite 17-HDoHE had similar associations with genotype and increased with supplementation; 5-HEPE and 15-HEPE increased, and 5-oxo-ETE decreased to a greater degree in the 55 than in the other genotypes.jlr This differential eicosanoid response is consistent with the previously observed interaction of these variants with dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids in predicting cardiovascular disease risk.-Stephensen, C. B., P. Armstrong, J. W. Newman, T. L. Pedersen, J. Legault, G. U. Schuster, D. Kelley, S. Vikman, J. Hartiala, R. Nassir, M. F. Seldin, and H. Allayee. ALOX5 gene variants affect eicosanoid production and response to fish oil supplementation. J. Lipid Res. 2011. 52: 991-1003.
Safety assessment of the microalgae <i>Nannochloropsis oculata</i>; Nannochloropsis oculata is a marine-water microalgae that is considered to be a good source of omega-3 fatty acids, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), utilized in the production of an omega-3 oil for use as a dietary supplement. This study investigates the safety of N. oculata in male and female Sprague-Dawley rats administered a 0 or 10 mL/kg bw/rat N. oculata (10E8 viable cells/mL) suspension by oral gavage once daily for 14 consecutive days. No mortalities occurred and no signs of toxicity were observed during the study. No treatment-related effects were seen for body weight, food consumption, urinalysis, clinical chemistry, hematology, gross pathology, organ weights, or histopathology. Although statistically significant effects were noted for some endpoints, none were considered to be of toxicological significance. The N. oculata suspension was concluded to have no toxicity in rats, confirming that the algal strain used in the production of omega-3 oil is not pathogenic when administered orally to rats. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials and Prospective Cohort Studies of Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Coronary Heart Disease Risk; Objective: To conduct meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to estimate the effect of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA+DHA) on coronary heart disease (CHD), and to conduct meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies to estimate the association between EPA_DHA intake and CHD risk.
Combined omega-3 fatty acids, aerobic exercise and cognitive stimulation prevents decline in gray matter volume of the frontal, parietal and cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment; Previous studies in older adults suggested beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation, aerobic exercise, or cognitive stimulation on brain structure and function. However, combined effects of these interventions in patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) are unknown. Using a randomized interventional design, we evaluated the effect of combined omega-3 FA supplementation, aerobic exercise and cognitive stimulation (target intervention) versus omega-3 FA supplementation and non-aerobic exercise (control intervention) on cognitive function and gray matter volume in patients with MCI. Moreover, we analyzed potential vascular, metabolic or inflammatory mechanisms underlying these effects. Twenty-two MCI patients (8 females; 60-80 years) successfully completed six months of omega-3 FA intake, aerobic cycling training and cognitive stimulation (n=13) or omega-3 FA intake and non-aerobic stretching and toning (n=9). Before and after the interventions, cognitive performance, magnetic resonance imaging of the brain at 3 T (n=20), intima-media thickness of the internal carotid artery and serum markers of glucose control, lipid and B-vitamin metabolism, and inflammation were assessed. Intervention-related changes in gray matter volume of Alzheimer's disease (AD)-related brain regions, i.e., frontal, parietal, temporal and cingulate cortex were examined using voxel-based morphometry of high resolution T1-weighted images.
Effects of MAT9001 containing eicosapentaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid, compared to eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl esters, on triglycerides, lipoprotein cholesterol, and related variables; BACKGROUND: Long-chain omega-3 fatty acid concentrate pharmaceuticals are used in the United States for treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia (>= 500 mg/dL) and are under investigation as adjuncts to statins for lowering cardiovascular risk in patients with high triglycerides (TGs; 200-499 mg/dL).
Comparison of Fatty Acid Profiles between Successful and Usual Aging Elderly; Increased the consumption of polyunsaturated (PUFA) and omega-3 fatty acid may be one of the strategies to prevent morbidity and mortality among elderly. This study aimed to identify the plasma fatty acid profile and intake among older adults who aged successfully (SA) as compared to the usual agers (UA). This cross-sectional comparative study was conducted among 48 SA (mean age 66.4 +/- 4.7 years old) and 42 UA (mean age 68.4 +/- 4.8 years old). The plasma fatty acid profile was determined using gas chromatography. Fatty acid intake was measured by using the validated Fatty Acid Omega-3 intake food frequency questionnaire. The percentage of saturated fatty acids (SFA) in blood plasma of UA (men 622 +/- 6.4%, women 62 .9 +/- 7 .0%) were significantly higher (p<0 .05) compared to SA (men 53 .7 +/- 15 .8%, women 57.1 +/- 9.5%). On the other hand, the percentage of monounsaturated (MUFA), polyunsaturated (PUFA) omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids were the opposites. Fatty acids intake among SA was higher compared to UA. SFA (SA=5 .0-+/- 2.5%, UA=4.6 +/- 2.9%) and total omega-3 (SA=0.5 +/- 0.4%, UA=0.4 +/- 03%) intakes met the recommended nutrient intake (RNI). However, mean intakes of MUFA (SA=5 .3 +/- 2.4%, UA=4.7 +/- 2.7%) and linoleic acid (L4) (SA=0.5 +/- 0.7%, UA=03 +/- 0.5%) were below than the RNI. Percentages of subjects who did not meet the RNI for omega-3 and MUFA were 442% and 97.7% for SA and 47.4% and 95% for UA, respectively. SA had a higher level of plasma PUFA and MUFA, but lower in SFA when compared to UA. MUFA and LA were more likely to be inadequate in the diet of older adults, particularly the UA.
A basal level of γ-linolenic acid depletes Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> stores and induces endoplasmic reticulum and oxidative stresses to cause death of breast cancer BT-474 cells; Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), a natural fatty acid obtained from oils of various vegetables and seeds, has been demonstrated as an anticancer agent. In this work, we investigated the anticancer effects of GLA on breast cancer BT-474 cells. GLA at 30 mu M, a concentration reportedly within the range of circulating concentrations in clinical studies, caused apoptotic cell death. GLA caused an elevation in mitochondrial Ca2+ level and a decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential. GLA treatment depleted cyclopiazonic acid (CPA)-sensitive Ca2+ store and triggered substantial Ca2+ influx. Intracellular Ca2+ release triggered by GLA was suppressed by 3 mu M xestospongin C (XeC, IP3 receptor-channel blocker) and 100 mu M ryanodine (ryanodine receptor-channel blocker), suggesting that the Ca2+ release was via IP3 receptor-channel and ryanodine receptor-channel. Increased expressions of p-eIF2 alpha and CHOP were observed in GLA-treated cells, suggesting GLA-treated cells had increased expressions of p-eIF2 alpha and CHOP, which suggest endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. In addition, GLA elicited increased production of reactive oxygen species. Taken together, our results suggest a basal level of GLA induced apoptotic cell death by causing Ca2+ overload, mitochondrial dysfunction, Ca2+ store depletion, ER stress, and oxidative stress. This is the first report to show that GLA caused Ca2+ store depletion and ER stress. GLA-induced Ca2+ store depletion resulted from opening of IP3 receptor-channel and ryanodine receptor-channel.</p>
The effects of fish oil consumption on cardiovascular remodeling in ApoE deficient mice; Owing to their spontaneous development of atherosclerosis, apolipoprotein E knockout mice (ApoE(KO)) are one of the best studied animal models for this disease. Little is known about the utility of various omega-3 fatty acid regimens, in particular fish oils, in preventing cardiac disease in ApoE(KO) mice. The purpose of this study was to determine the cardiovascular effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation with either safflower oil (control), fish oil, flaxseed oil, or designed oil in ApoE(KO) mice fed a high-fat diet for a total of 16 weeks. In-vivo cardiac function was assessed weekly using murine echocardiography. Blood pressure, plasma lipid levels, and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) were serially measured. The results show that ApoE(KO) mice fed fish oil demonstrated an increase in left ventricular wall thickness as a result of increased afterload. Despite chronic treatment with fish oil over 16 weeks, blood pressure increased in ApoE(KO) mice by 20% compared with the baseline. Both echocardiographic evidence of left ventricular hypertrophy and biochemical increase in BNP levels confirmed diastolic dysfunction in ApoE(KO) mice fed fish oil. This suggests that high-fat diet supplemented with fish oil may lead to adverse cardiovascular effects in ApoE deficient mice.
Obesity modifies the association between plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acids and markers of inflammation: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background and objective: Systemic inflammation is a well-known risk factor for diseases such as atherosclerosis and is augmented by the presence of obesity. In addition, it has been shown that inflammation may be negatively influenced by certain macronutrients, specifically the omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. The primary aim of this study is to determine whether obesity modifies the association between plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and markers of inflammation and endothelial activation in Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) participants.
Mortality and cancer incidence in cohorts of Swedish fishermen and fishermen's wives: Updated findings; Objectives: Intake of fish is an important source for many essential substances, such as n-3 PUFA. However, certain fish also contains relatively high levels of PCBs and dioxins. In Sweden, the concentrations of these compounds are higher in fatty fish caught at the east coast as compared to fish from the west coast. The aim of the present study was to assess cancer incidence and mortality pattern among cohorts with a relatively high intake of locally caught fish from the Swedish coasts.
The influence of product attributes, consumer attitudes and characteristics on the acceptance of: (1) Novel bread and milk, and dietary supplements and (2) fish and novel meats as dietary vehicles of long chain omega 3 fatty acids; Two conjoint studies were undertaken in the USA on relative preferences for sources and food vehicles for long chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCO3FA). Study 1 (n = 202) investigated consumer acceptance of the source of LCO3FA (fish oil, algal oil and novel oilseed) in the most popular, well established vehicle foods (bread, milk and supplements). Study 2 (n = 211) investigated consumer acceptance of the source of LCO3FA (fish-meal, novel oilseed and fish oil) used to enrich the diet of animals for meat production (beef, chicken, pork and fish). Product concepts were varied by base product (vehicle); source of LCO3FA; information source; health claim and additional cost.
Cost-Effectiveness of Statin Plus Eicosapentaenoic Acid Combination Therapy for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Japanese Patients With Hypercholesterolemia - An Analysis Based on the Japan Eicosapentaenoic Acid Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS); Background: The addition of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to statin therapy has been shown to reduce cardiovascular events. This study examined the cost-effectiveness of EPA plus statin (EPA+statin) combination therapy compared with statin monotherapy for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Japan.
A prospective study of erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid, weight gain, and risk of becoming overweight or obese in middle-aged and older women; omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids (FA) may have divergent effects on the development of obesity. We examined the association of baseline erythrocyte omega 3 and omega 6 FA composition with body weight change and the risk of becoming overweight or obese in the Women's Health Study (WHS) participants.
Effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation on plasma soluble adhesion molecules: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Previous studies indicate that oral supplementation with n-3 PUFA protects against atherosclerotic disease by inhibiting inflammatory processes, which underlie atherosclerosis and are reflected by the plasma concentrations of soluble adhesion molecules. However, consistent results were not obtained among studies.
Effects of Fish Oil on Inflammatory Modulation in Surgical Intensive Care Unit Patients; Background: The benefit of omega-3 fatty acids in fat emulsion remains controversial. This study evaluated the effect of omega-3 fatty acids on immune and inflammatory modulation in surgical intensive care unit (SICU) patients. Methods: Thirty-eight patients admitted to the SICU after major surgery were enrolled in this prospective controlled study and randomized to receive parenteral nutrition (PN) with equal volume and calories from glucose, nitrogen, and fat but different lipid components for 7 postoperative days. Group A (n = 12) received a mixture of soybean and medium-chain triglyceride oils; group B (n = 18) received a fat emulsion with part of the lipid replaced by fish oil. Blood tests, including lipid profile, routine biochemistry, inflammatory cytokines, and lymphocyte subpopulations, were evaluated preoperatively and on postoperative days 4 and 7. Results: Both lipid regimens were well tolerated. There was a trend toward reduced serum inflammatory cytokines in group B vs group A with significant differences regarding interleukin (IL)-1, IL-8, and interferon (IFN)-gamma on postoperative day 4 (P < .05) and IL-1, IL-8, IFN-gamma, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha on postoperative day 7 (P < .05). There was a reduction in postoperative liver dysfunction (A vs B: 50% vs 33.3%) and infection rate (A vs B: 41.7% vs 27.8%) in group B, although this was not statistically significant. There was no mortality in either group. Conclusion: This study suggests that supplementation of parenteral omega-3 fatty acids in PN is safe and may improve immune and hyperinflammatory response for SICU patients after major surgery. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2012; 27: 91-98)
The "new" drug classes in the treatment of chronic heart failure and their evidence base; A comparison of ivabradine and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, drugs with principally different mechanisms of action, is presented in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) on the base of GISSI-HF and SHIFT trails results. It is essential to compaire an effect of these drugs on the morbidity and mortality in combined therapy of patients with CHF, because each additional drug may change in compliance to treatment, induces additional costs or may be a reason of new side effects. Additional ( to standard therapy) effects of ivabradine and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are discussed.
Effect of some fatty acids on apoptosis related genes in human breast cancer; Breast cancer, the second most common cancer after lung cancer, is the most common cancer type diagnosed in women. No definitive treatment has been established for breast cancer yet, but essential fatty acids offer a promising option. Omega fatty acids are classified in the essential fatty acids that the body cannot produce and, therefore, must be taken through the foods of animal or plant origin. Although in the literature the omega fatty acids have been shown to exhibit significant positive effects in inhibiting various tumor types, their mechanism of action, the apoptotic pathways they employ, and the genes they control have not been clarified yet. In this study, various doses and combinations of omega-3 [Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] and omega-6 [Linoleic acid (LA)] fatty acids were administered to human breast cancer MCF7 cell line for 24 h, and using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, the protein expression levels of the following apoptosis-related genes were determined: phospho-p53 (Ser15), p53, Bad, phospho-Bad (Ser112), cleaved Caspase-3 (Asp175), and cleaved PARP (Asp214). Even though there was no significant difference observed in the expressions of phospho-p53 (Ser15) and p53 at all doses, other protein expressions were found to increase significantly, suggesting that Omega-3 and -6 can mediate apoptotic pathway to induce cell death in breast cancer cells.
A phase II randomized placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of acute lung injury; Objectives: Administration of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexanoic acid, omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil, has been associated with improved patient outcomes in acute lung injury when studied in a commercial enteral formula. However, fish oil has not been tested independently in acute lung injury. We therefore sought to determine whether enteral fish oil alone would reduce pulmonary and systemic inflammation in patients with acute lung injury.
Integrated transcriptome and phosphoproteome analyses reveal that fads2 is critical for maintaining body LC-PUFA homeostasis; Fatty acid desaturate 2 (Fads2) is associated with many chronic diseases. Nevertheless, comprehensive re-searches on its role have not been performed. We here conducted an integrated analysis of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) metabolism of fads2-deletion zebrafish (fads2(-/-)) by transcriptomics, proteomics and phosphoproteomics. Compared with wild type zebrafish (WT), fads2(-/-) showed significantly higher contents of hepatic linoleic acid (all-cis-9,12-C18:2), alpha-linolenic acid (all-cis-9,12,15-C18:3) and docosapetaenoic acid (all-cis-7,10,13,16,19-C22:5), and lower contents of gamma-linolenic acid (all-cis-6,9,12-C18:3), stearidonic acid (all-cis-6,9,12,15-C18:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (all-cis-4,7,10,13,16,19-C22:6), accompanied by an increased n-6/n-3 PUFA level. In total, we identified 1608 differentially expressed genes (DEGs), 209 differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) and 153 differentially expressed phosphorylated proteins (DEPPs) with 190 sites between fads2-/- and WT. Transcriptome and proteome analysis simultaneously aggregated these DEGs and DEPs into LC-PUFA synthesis and PPAR signaling pathways. Further interaction network analysis of the DEPPs showed that spliceosome and protein processing in endoplasmic reticulum pathway were critical groups. Additionally, we determined seven highly phosphorylated kinases and a highly expressed phosphatase in fads2-/- zebrafish. These results give insights into the mechanism by which fads2 affects metabolic disease occurrence, and provide datasets for target selections for human disease treatment.
Predictive value of serum dihomo-γ-linolenic acid level and estimated Δ-5 desaturase activity in patients with hepatic steatosis; Background: Hepatic steatosis is considered one of the features of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism is modulated in obesity. However, it has yet to be fully elucidated whether a serum PUFA profile is associated with hepatic steatosis.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Prevalence of Cardiovascular Disease in Hemodialysis Patients; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio showed inverse associations with cardiovascular disease (CVD) in general population. However, this has not been examined enough in dialysis patients. We cross-sectionally investigated the relationship between EPA/AA ratio and prevalence of CVD in 321 chronic hemodialysis patients (64 +/- 11years old; 110 women; dialysis vintage 10 +/- 8years) in an urban area of Tokyo. CVD was defined as a composite of ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke. The frequency of dietary fish intake was also examined. Logistic regression was used to quantify the association of EPA/AA ratio with CVD. EPA/AA ratio was 0.31 +/- 0.19 and 154 patients (48%) consumed fish once or less weekly. One hundred and thirty patients (41%) had CVD, including 65 with ischemic heart disease, 70 with ischemic stroke, and 20 with hemorrhagic stroke. Age (odds ratio [OR], 1.04; P =0.01), hypertension (OR, 2.25; P =0.002), and dialysis vintage (OR, 1.04; P =0.02) were associated with CVD; however, EPA/AA was not after adjustment for other risk factors. A similar relationship was observed between fish intake and CVD prevalence. We did not find any significant association between EPA/AA ratio and prevalence of CVD, although traditional risk factors such as age, hypertension and dialysis vintage were associated with CVD. These results might have been influenced by the fact that only a small proportion of our patients showed a high EPA/AA ratio.
Nutrition Concerns and Health Effects of Vegetarian Diets; Vegetarians exhibit a wide diversity of dietary practices, often described by what is omitted from their diet. When a vegetarian diet is appropriately planned and includes fortified foods, it can be nutritionally adequate for adults and children and can promote health and lower the risk of major chronic diseases. The nutrients of concern in the diet of vegetarians include vitamin B(12), vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, iron, and zinc. Although a vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients, the use of supplements and fortified foods provides a useful shield against deficiency. A vegetarian diet usually provides a low intake of saturated fat and cholesterol and a high intake of dietary fiber and many health-promoting phytochemicals. This is achieved by an increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole-grains, legumes, nuts, and various soy products. As a result of these factors, vegetarians typically have lower body mass index, serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and blood pressure; reduced rates of death from ischemic heart disease; and decreased incidence of hypertension, stroke, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers than do nonvegetarians. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2010;25:613-620)
Arachidonic acid supplementation modulates blood and skeletal muscle lipid profile with no effect on basal inflammation in resistance exercise trained men; Arachidonic acid (ARA), an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), is the metabolic precursor to the eicosanoid family of lipid mediators. Eicosanoids have potent pro-inflammatory actions, but also act as important autocrine/paracrine signaling molecules in skeletal muscle growth and development. Whether dietary ARA is incorporated into skeletal muscle phospholipids and the resulting impact on intramuscular inflammatory and adaptive processes in-vivo is not known. In the current study, resistance trained men (>= 1 year) received dietary supplementation with 1.5 g/day ARA (n = 9, 24 +/- 1.5 years) or placebo (n = 10, 26 +/- 1.3 years) for 4-weeks while continuing their normal training regimen. Plasma and vastus lateralis muscle biopsies were collected in an overnight fasted state at baseline and week 4. ARA supplementation increased plasma content of ARA and gamma-linolenic acid, while decreasing relative abundance of linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and dihomogamma-linolenic acid. In skeletal muscle, ARA and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid content increased, whereas alpha-linolenic-acid was reduced. Compared to placebo, ARA supplementation reduced circulating platelet and monocyte number, and decreased the mRNA expression of the immune cell surface markers; neutrophil elastase/CD66b and interleukin 1-beta, in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. In muscle, ARA supplementation increased mRNA expression of the myogenic regulatory factors; MyoD and myogenin, but had no effect on a range of immune cell markers or inflammatory cytokines. These data show that dietary ARA supplementation can rapidly and safely modulate plasma and muscle fatty acid profile and promote myogenic gene expression in resistance trained men, without a risk of increasing basal systemic or intramuscular inflammation.
Effects of n-3 fatty acid supplements on cardiometabolic profiles in hypertensive patients with abdominal obesity in Inner Mongolia: a randomized controlled trial; Daily supplementation with n-3 fatty acid (FA) has been believed to be an adjunct or alternative to drug treatments to reduce blood pressure (BP) and triglyceride (TG) levels in western patients with high risk of cardiovascular disease. The BP-lowering effect of n-3 FA supplements among Chinese hypertensive patients has been reported in our previous 12-week, double-blind, randomized controlled trial (RCT), but the benefits on cardiometabolic profiles among obese Chinese populations are not well known. We therefore used the data from the previous RCT to investigate the effects of marine- and plant-derived n-3 FA supplements on cardiometabolic profiles in middle-aged and elderly Chinese hypertensive patients with abdominal obesity. In total, 108 eligible volunteers from Inner Mongolia, China were randomly assigned to three treatments for 12 weeks: fish oil (FO, n = 35, 2 g day(-1) eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid), flaxseed oil (FLO, n = 39, 2.5 g day(-1) -linolenic acid), and corn oil served as a control (CO, n = 34). BP, blood lipids, waist circumference (WC) and fasting glucose-insulin were measured at baseline and after 12-week intervention by using standard methods. Clustered cardiometabolic risk was expressed as a continuously distributed z-score calculated by standardizing and then summing WC, insulin, glucose, TG, HDL-cholesterol and BP values. The cardiometabolic risk scores were significantly lower in the FO group than in the CO group after the 12-week intervention (-0.41 +/- 0.92 vs. 0.02 +/- 0.95, p = 0.016), but not in the FLO group (-0.23 +/- 1.02 vs. 0.02 +/- 0.95, p = 0.109). For individual risk factors, compared with CO, FO significantly decreased LDL-cholesterol (-0.25 +/- 0.78 mmol L(-1)vs. -0.05 +/- 0.65 mmol L-1, p = 0.010), ApoB (-012 +/- 0.28 mmol L(-1)vs. -0.03 +/- 0.23 mmol L-1, p = 0.036), and WC (-1.58 +/- 3.67 cm vs. -0.52 +/- 3.27 cm, p = 0.031), whereas no significant difference was found between FLO and CO groups in LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.081), ApoB (p = 0.102) and WC (p = 0.093). The present findings suggest that marine n-3 FA intervention may improve the cardiometabolic traits in this Chinese hypertensive population comorbid with abdominal obesity.
Systematic review on the risk and benefit of different cholesterol-lowering interventions; Meta-analyses have investigated the efficacy of cholesterol-lowering interventions in relation to the underlying risk of coronary heart disease and the extent and duration of cholesterol reduction. We systematically reviewed the efficacy of antilipidemic interventions on major mortality outcomes in relation to drug classes. We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE from 1966 through October 1996 for randomized, controlled trials of any cholesterol-lowering interventions reporting mortality data. We included 59 trials involving 85 431 participants in the intervention and 87 729 participants in the control groups. We pooled these trials into 7 pharmacological categories of cholesterol-lowering interventions: statins (13 trials), fibrates (12 trials), resins (8 trials), hormones (8 trials), niacin acid (2 trials), n-3 fatty acids (3 trials), and dietary interventions (16 trials). Of the cholesterol-lowering interventions, only statins showed a large and statistically significant reduction in mortality from coronary heart disease (risk ratio, 0.66; 95% confidence interval [CT], 0.54 to 0.79) and from all causes (risk ratio, 0.75; 95% CT, 0.65 to 0.86). For both all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, the difference between statins and the combined estimate of the other classes of agents was unlikely to be due to chance (P<0.02 for both comparisons). Meta-regression analysis demonstrated that variability in results across trials could be largely explained on the basis of differences in the magnitude of cholesterol reduction. Statins have the largest effect on the reduction of cardiovascular and all-cause mortality, and this result recommends their use in preference to other antilipidemic agents. The greater effect of statins is likely due to the larger reduction in cholesterol.
Erythrocyte n-6 Fatty Acids and Risk for Cardiovascular Outcomes and Total Mortality in the Framingham Heart Study; Background: The prognostic value of erythrocyte levels of n-6 fatty acids (FAs) for total mortality and cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes remains an open question. Methods: We examined cardiovascular (CV) outcomes and death in 2500 individuals in the Framingham Heart Study Offspring cohort without prevalent CVD (mean age 66 years, 57% women) as a function of baseline levels of different length n-6 FAs (18 carbon, 20 carbon, and 22 carbon) in the erythrocyte membranes. Clinical outcomes were monitored for up to 9.5 years (median follow up, 7.26 years). Cox proportional hazards models were adjusted for a variety of demographic characteristics, clinical status, and red blood cell (RBC) n-6 and long chain n-3 FA content. Results: There were 245 CV events, 119 coronary heart disease (CHD) events, 105 ischemic strokes, 58 CVD deaths, and 350 deaths from all causes. Few associations between either mortality or CVD outcomes were observed for n-6 FAs, with those that were observed becoming non-significant after adjusting for n-3 FA levels. Conclusions: Higher circulating levels of marine n-3 FA levels are associated with reduced risk for incident CVD and ischemic stroke and for death from CHD and all-causes; however, in the same sample little evidence exists for association with n-6 FAs. Further work is needed to identify a full profile of FAs associated with cardiovascular risk and mortality.
Effect of a linseed diet or a sunflower diet on performances, fatty acid composition, lipogenic enzyme activities and stearoyl-CoA-desaturase activity in the pig; The aim of this study was to compare the influence of a high alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) diet (linseed diet) and a high linoleic acid (LA) diet (sunflower diet) on performances of pigs, on the dietetical quality of their tissues (adipose tissues and muscles), and on the lipogenic potential of these tissues. Growth and carcass performances, and the lipid content of the tissues were not affected by the diet. Feeding the linseed diet increased the content of n-3 PUFA and decreased the LA/ALA ratios in all the tissues, while the sunflower diet led to an increase in the n-6 PUFA contents. Neither the stearoyl-CoA-desaturase and glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase activities nor the beta-hydroxyacyl-CoA-dehydrogenase activity were affected by the diet. Acetyl-CoA-carboxylase and fatty acid synthase activities were enhanced with the linseed diet in respectively subcutaneous adipose tissue and intermuscular adipose tissue, while malic enzyme activity was decreased in liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue of pigs fed the linseed diet. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Is there a beneficial effect of gamma-linolenic acid supplementation on body fat in postmenopausal hypertensive women? A prospective randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Objective: Systemic arterial hypertension and obesity are major public health problems that increase risks of serious cardiovascular diseases and kidney failure as well as increase mortality. Substances that can alleviate these problems are desirable. We evaluated the beneficial effects of nutritional supplementation with gamma-linolenic acid in postmenopausal hypertensive women. Methods: This was a prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study involving 96 postmenopausal women. Participants were divided into two groups either receiving 1,000 mg of borage oil rich in gamma-linolenic acid + vitamin E (drug) or only vitamin E (placebo) capsules for 6 months. They were followed up monthly to assess the impact on systemic blood pressure and body composition. To verify group homogeneity, Fisher's exact and Student t tests were performed. To evaluate differences in various parameters between the two groups and at various times, repeated measures analysis of variance was performed, with Bonferroni correction. Results: The power of the test was calculated based on the difference in the mean systolic blood pressure between baseline and after 6 months of treatment in the placebo group and in the drug group. A 92.9% test power was found with a 95% confidence interval. There was a significant reduction in the systolic and diastolic pressure as well as a significant change in waist-hip ratio (P < 0.01) in the drug group as compared with the placebo group. Conclusions: Supplementation with borage oil rich in gamma-linolenic acid had significant beneficial short-term effects without showing any adverse effect. There remains a need for further studies to evaluate long-term benefits.
The <i>n</i>3-polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid induces immunogenic cell death in human cancer cell lines via pre-apoptotic calreticulin exposure; Some anticancer chemotherapeutics, such as anthracyclines and oxaliplatin, elicit immunogenic apoptosis, meaning that dying cancer cells are engulfed by dendritic cells and tumor antigens are efficiently presented to CD8+ T cells, which control residual tumor cells. Immunogenic apoptosis is characterized by pre-apoptotic cell surface exposure of calreticulin (CRT), which usually resides into the endoplasmic reticulum. We investigated the ability of the n3-polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n3, DHA) to induce pre-apoptotic CRT exposure on the surface of the human PaCa-44 pancreatic and EJ bladder cancer cell lines. Cells were treated with 150 mu M DHA for different time periods, and, by immunoblot and immunofluorescence, we showed that DHA induced CRT exposure, before the apoptosis-associated phosphatidylserine exposure. As for the known immunogenic compounds, CRT exposure was inhibited by the antioxidant GSH, the pan-caspase zVAD-FMK, and caspase-8 IETD-FMK inhibitor. We provide the first evidence that DHA induces CRT exposure, representing thus a novel potential anticancer immunogenic chemotherapeutic agent.
The protective effects of omega 3 fatty acids and sesame oil against cyclosporine A-induced nephrotoxicity; Cyclosporine A (CsA) is a drug used in autoimmune disorders and organ transplantations. Omega 3 fatty acids (O-3) and sesame oil (SO) have antioxidant properties. We aimed to investigate and compare the protective effects of O-3 and SO against CsA-induced nephrotoxicity. Seven groups of male Wistar albino rats were included in the study. In group 1 (control), saline was administered, and in group 2, CsA (subcutaneously) was administered. In group 3, CsA+SO (orally; p.o.) was given; in group 4, CsA+O-3 (p.o.) was given; and in group 5, CsA+SO+O-3 was given. In group 6, SO was administered, and in group 7, O-3 was administered. After 15 days of treatment, kidneys were excised. Histopathological evaluation, apoptotic cell count, and renal/hepatic function tests were performed. In group 2, vacuolar degeneration and necrosis of tubular cells as well as hemorrhagic foci were observed; the apoptotic cell number was higher than in the control (P < 0.001). In groups 3, 4, and 5, tubular scores and apoptotic cell count were lower than in group 2 (P < 0.01 and P <0.001, respectively). In groups 6 and 7, healthy renal histology and a few apoptotic cells were determined. In groups 2, 3,4, and 5, blood urea nitrogen was higher and albumin was lower than in the control (P < 0.001). Liver enzymes were unchanged. O-3/SO showed similar protective effects against CsA-induced nephrotoxicity, as revealed by a remarkable decrease in histopathological changes and apoptotic cell count. However, impaired renal function tests were not improved with O3/SO treatment. SO and O-3 can be used as chemoprotectants against CsA.
Dietary fish, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption, and depression risk in Japan: a population-based prospective cohort study; Systematic review of observational studies has revealed that fish consumption and levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid are associated with a reduced risk of depression. A reverse J-shaped effect of n-3 PUFAs was suggested. However, there is limited evidence from populations with high fish consumption and no studies have used a standard psychiatrist-based diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD). Therefore, this population-based, prospective study investigated the association of dietary fish, n-3 PUFA, and n-6 PUFA consumption with risk of psychiatristdiagnosed MDD in Japan. A total of 12 219 subjects were enrolled from the Saku area in 1990. Of these, we extracted 1181 participants aged 63-82 years who completed food frequency questionnaires in both 1995 and 2000 and also underwent a mental health examination in 2014-2015. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for MDD according to fish intake and PUFA quartiles were calculated. Current MDD was diagnosed in 95 patients. We found a reduced risk of MDD in the third quartile for fish intake (111.1 g per day, OR = 0.44, 95% CI = 0.23-0.84), second quartile for EPA (307.7 mg per day, OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.30-0.99) and third quartile for docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) (123.1 mg per day, OR = 0.42, 95% CI = 0.22-0.85). ORs adjusted for cancer, stroke, myocardial infarction and diabetes remained significant for fish and DPA intake. Our results suggest that moderate fish intake could be recommended for the prevention of MDD in aged Japanese individuals.
Remnant cholesterol and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: Metabolism, mechanism, evidence, and treatment; This review aimed to summarize the evidence of elevated remnant cholesterol and the risks of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and to search for further guidance in clinical therapy. The lipids-lowering treatments such as statins and ezetimibe targeted on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) have always been the first-line therapy for ASCVD. However, even after statins or new lipid-lowering drugs lowered LDL-C to recommended concentrations, and with other risk factors well-controlled, such as high blood pressure, the risks of developing ASCVD remained. Remnant cholesterol (RC) referred to the cholesterol contained in all remnant lipoprotein particles, which was the cholesterol in the hydrolyzed very-low-density lipoprotein and intermediate-density lipoprotein in the fasting state, and the cholesterol in the chylomicron remnants in the postprandial state. Evidence from in vitro and animal pathogenic mechanisms studies, epidemiology, and genetic studies all indicated that RC played an important role in predicting the incidence of ASCVD. As a new indicator to reflect atherosclerosis, especially when LDL-C has been controlled to a recommended level, RC was considered as a priority treatment target for people at high risk of ASCVD. The use of statins, fibrates, APOC3 inhibitors, PCSK9 inhibitors, and omega-3 fatty acids to reduce RC levels in the plasma may provide long-term benefits. However, the standardized detection of RC was still controversial, and more studies on appropriate treatments of elevated RC are urgently needed. These positive trials may benefit more patients at high ASCVD risks worldwide in the future.
No Effect of Omega-3 Carboxylic Acids on Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics of Warfarin or on Platelet Function When Co-administered with Acetylsalicylic Acid: Results of Two Phase I Studies in Healthy Volunteers; Background Omega-3 carboxylic acids (OM3-CA) can lower triglyceride levels.
Serum lipid profile and fatty acid composition of erythrocyte phospholipids in children and adolescents with primary hyperlipidemia; This study aimed at characterizing the fatty acid (FA) composition of red blood cell (RBC) phospholipids in children and adolescents with primary hyperlipidemia, and to ascertain potential association with serum lipid profile and dietary factors. At this purpose, 54 probands aged 6-17 years were recruited. Subjects showed a low omega-3 index (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA+docosahexaenoic acid, DHA < 4%). Compared to males, females had a trend toward lower levels of total monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and MUFA/saturated fatty acids (SFAs) ratio in RBCs. An inverse relationship between MUFA concentration in RBCs and serum cholesterol or HDL-C/triglycerides ratio was found. Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFA) were positively associated to serum HDL-C levels, and inversely to dietary cholesterol. Fiber intake was positively associated with MUFA/SFA ratio. In conclusion, we provide the first experimental data on phospholipid FA composition of RBCs in hyperlipidemic children, showing sex differences and an overall low omega 3-index.
Dietary fat and risk of coronary heart disease in men: Cohort follow up study in the United States; Objective-To examine the association between fat intake and the incidence of coronary heart disease in men of middle age and older.
ME,DITERRANEAN DIET IN HEALTHY LIFESTYLE AND PREVENTION OF STROKE; Several studies demonstrated the beneficial and preventive role of Mediterranean diet in the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases, chronic neurodegenerative diseases and neoplasms, obesity and diabetes. In randomized intervention trials, Mediterranean diet improved endothelial function and significantly reduced waist circumference, plasma glucose, serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score in metabolic syndrome. Several studies support favorable effects of Mediterranean diet on plasma lipid profile: reduction of total and plasma LDL cholesterol levels, plasma triglyceride levels, and apo-B and VLDL concentrations, and an increase in plasma HDL cholesterol levels. This effect is associated with increased plasma antioxidant capacity, improved endothelial function, reduced insulin resistance, and reduced incidence of the metabolic syndrome. The beneficial impact of fish consumption on the risk of cardiovascular diseases is the result of synergistic effects of nutrients in fish. Fish is considered an excellent source of protein with low saturated fat, nutritious trace elements, long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn3PUFAs), and vitamins D and B. Fish consumption may be inversely associated with ischemic stroke but not with hemorrhagic stroke because of the potential antiplatelet aggregation property of LCn3PUFAs. Total stroke risk reduction was statistically significant for fish intake once per week, while the risk of stroke was lowered by 31% in individuals who ate fish 5 times or more per week. In the elderly, moderate consumption of tuna/other fish, but not fried fish, was associated with lower prevalence of subclinical infarcts and white matter abnormalities on MRI examination. Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids in a moderate-to-high range does not appear to be associated with reduced plaque, but is negatively associated with carotid artery intima-media thickness. Greater adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with significant reduction in overall mortality, mortality from cardiovascular diseases and stroke, incidence of or mortality from cancer, and incidence of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
A Combination of (ω-3) Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Polyphenols and L-Carnitine Reduces the Plasma Lipid Levels and Increases the Expression of Genes Involved in Fatty Acid Oxidation in Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells and HepG2 Cells; Background: Hyperlipidemia and obesity are associated with metabolic syndrome and increased risk in developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Nutritional supplements, e. g. L-carnitine and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), exert lipid-lowering effects. Hence, the hypothesis that dietetic intervention reduces plasma lipid levels and metabolic enzymes in overweight hyperlipidemic subjects was tested. Subjects and Methods: In a prospective placebo-controlled double-blind study in 22 moderately hyperlipidemic obese humans consuming low-fat yoghurt enriched with a combination of low-dose PUFAs, polyphenols and L-carnitine (PPC) twice a day for 12 weeks were compared to 20 matching participants ingesting low-fat yoghurt. The effects on plasma lipids and expression of enzymes involved in regulation of fatty acid oxidation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and HepG2 cells were evaluated. Results: PPC consumption led to significantly reduced plasma free fatty acid (-29%) and triglyceride (-24%) concentrations (each p < 0.05). PPC application increased significantly peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha) mRNA abundances and those of PPAR alpha target genes (carnitine palmitoyltransferases-1, CPT1A and CPT1B, carnitine acetyltransferase and organic cation transporter 2; each p < 0.05) in PBMCs. In controls, plasma lipid levels and PBMC gene expression did not change. These findings were substantiated by the results of cell culture experiments in HepG2 cells. Conclusion: Supplementation of PPC had marked lipid-lowering effects and PBMC gene expression profiles seemed to reflect nutrition-related metabolic changes. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Therapeutic Perspectives on Chia Seed and Its Oil: A Review; The attraction of novel foods proceeds alongside epidemic cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, and related risk factors. Dieticians have identified chia ( Salvia hispanica ) as a product with a catalog of potential health benefits relating to these detriments. Chia is currently consumed not only as seeds, but also as oil, which brings about similar effects. Chia seeds and chia seed oil are used mainly as a food commodity and the oil is also used popularly as a dietary ingredient used in various dietary supplements available in the U.S. market. Chia seed is rich in -linolenic acid, the biological precursor to eicosapentaenoic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, and docosahexaenoic acid. Because the body cannot synthesize -linolenic acid, chia has a newfound and instrumental role in diet. However, the inconclusive nature of the scientific communitys understanding of its safety warrants further research and appropriate testing. The focus of this work is to summarize dietary health benefits of S. hispanica seed and oil to acknowledge concerns of adverse events from its ingestion, to assess current research in the field, and to highlight the importance of quality compendial standards to support safe use. To achieve this end, a large-scale literature search was partaken on the two well-known databases, PubMed and SciFinder. Hundreds of articles detailing such benefits as decreased blood glucose, decreased waist circumference and weight in overweight adults, and improvements in pruritic skin and endurance in distance runners have been recorded. These benefits must be considered within the appropriate circumstances.
A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Inhibition of Supraventricular Arrhythmias After Cardiac Surgery: The FISH Trial; Background-Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFAs) might have antiarrhythmic properties, but data conflict on whether n3-PUFAs reduce rates of atrial fibrillation (AF) after coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG). We hypothesized that n3-PUFAs would reduce post-CABG AF, and we tested this hypothesis in a well-powered, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter clinical trial.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation is Associated With Oxidative Stress and Dyslipidemia, but Does not Contribute to Better Lipid and Oxidative Status on Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: The aim of the study was to explore the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation in physiological doses on oxidative stress (OS) and dyslipidemia in patients on hemodialysis (HD).
Induction of Apoptotic Cell Death in Human Leukemia U937 Cells by C18 Hydroxy Unsaturated Fatty Acid Isolated from Red Alga <i>Tricleocarpa jejuensis</i>; Our previous studies have found that (+/-)-(E)-12-hydroxyoctadec-10-enoic acid (HOEA) isolated from the red alga Tricleocarpa jejuensis showed cytotoxic effects on various living organisms including harmful microalgae, Gram-positive bacteria, and mammalian tumor cells. Since natural products with apoptosis-inducing ability can be promising anti-cancer agents, in this study, we investigated the cytotoxic mechanism of HOEA on U937 cells focusing on apoptosis induction. HOEA showed much stronger cytotoxic and cytolytic effects on U937 cells than elaidic acid, which has similar structure but no 12-hydroxy group, suggesting that hydroxy group is important for the cytotoxicity of HOEA. HOEA induced apoptotic nuclear morphological changes, DNA fragmentation, and decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential. Furthermore, time-dependent increase in annexin V+/PI+ cell population in HOEA-treated U937 cells was detected. Among the apoptosis-related reagents, caspase-family inhibitor almost completely inhibited HOEA-induced DNA fragmentation. In the analyses using specific caspase-substrates, extremely high cleavage activity toward caspase-3/7/8 substrate was observed in HOEA-treated U937 cells, and weak activities of caspase-1 and -3 were detected. Analyses using specific caspase inhibitors suggested that caspase-3 and caspase-8 might be predominantly responsible for the cleavage activity. Activation of these caspases were also confirmed by western blotting in which significant levels of cleaved forms of caspase 3, caspase 8, and PARP were detected in HOEA-treated U937 cells. Our results suggest that HOEA is capable of inducing apoptosis in U937 cells in which caspase-3 and caspase-8 might play important roles. Since the cytotoxic effect of HOEA is not strictly specific to tumor cells, development of appropriate drug delivery system for selective tumor targeting is necessary for the clinical applications to reduce the possible side effects.
ω3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids as Immunomodulators in Colorectal Cancer: New Potential Role in Adjuvant Therapies; Diet composition may affect the onset and progression of chronic degenerative diseases, including cancer, whose pathogenesis relies on inflammatory processes. Growing evidence indicates that diet and its components critically contribute to human health, affecting the immune system, secretion of adipokines, and metabolic pathways. Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. Antineoplastic drugs are widely used for CRC treatment, but drug resistance and/or off-target toxicity limit their efficacy. Dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been gaining great interest in recent years as possible anti-inflammatory and anticancer agents, especially in areas such as the large bowel, where the pro-inflammatory context promotes virtually all steps of colon carcinogenesis. Growing epidemiological, experimental, and clinical evidence suggests that omega 3 PUFA may play a role in several stages of CRC management exhibiting antineoplastic activity against human CRC cells, improving the efficacy of radiation and chemotherapy, ameliorating cancer-associated secondary complications, and preventing CRC recurrence. These effects are most likely related to the immunomodulatory activities of omega 3 PUFA that are able to influence several aspects of the inflammatory process ranging from inflammasome activation, leukocyte recruitment, production of immune mediators to differentiation, and activation of immune cells. In this review, we will focus on the potential use of omega 3 PUFA as adjuvant agents together with chemo/radiotherapy, highlighting the immunomodulatory effects most likely responsible for their beneficial effects in different stages of CRC management.
Study of the effects of dietary fish intake on serum lipids and lipoproteins in two populations with different dietary habits; Increased concentrations of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), namely eicosapentaenoic acid (20 : 5; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22 : 6; DHA), have been shown to be beneficial in coronary artery disease (CAD). In the present study, the relationships between fish intake and concentrations of serum EPA and DHA and the effects of these fatty acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins were investigated. Two groups of men, one living in a fishing village and the other in a farming village, participated in this study. The daily fish consumption was ten times greater in the fishing village group than in the rural village group and the mortality from IHD in the rural village was four times higher. Serum concentrations of EPA and DHA were significantly higher in the fishing village group (P < 0.001). In this group, the serum concentration of arachidonic acid (20 : 4; AA), was significantly lower (P < 0.001), and the ratio EPA : AA was twice that of the rural village (P < 0.001). Moreover, in the fishing village group, the serum triacylglycerol and total cholesterol levels were significantly lower than those observed in the rural village (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05 respectively). In the fishing village group the serum LDL-cholesterol concentration was also lower, although the difference was not significant. Our results reinforce the hypothesis that a high intake of n-3 PUFA provides protection against CAD.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid relatively decreases cholesterol content in THP-1 macrophage-derived foam cell: partly correlates with expression profile of CIDE and PAT members; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have positive effect on the regulation of plasma lipids. But the mechanism for them to modulate lipid homeostasis in macrophage is still unclear. In this study, we employed PUFA to pretreat macrophages and evaluated the variations of lipid droplet (LD) content, lipid composition, and expressions of LD-associated genes in macrophage-derived foam cells.
Effect of conjugated linolenic acid (<i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11, <i>cis</i>-13-18:3) on growth performance and lipid composition of fingerling rainbow trout <i>Oncorhynchus mykiss</i>; This study investigated the effect of conjugated linolenic acid (CLNA) on the growth and lipid composition of fingerling rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss. Thirty individuals in each tank with three dietary treatments and duplicate groups were subjected to three dietary levels (0:4, 2:2, 4:0) of CLNA and linolenic acid (LNA) at 16degreesC in the laboratory for a period of 9 weeks. Punicic acid (cis-9, trans-11, cis-13-18:3) and linseed oil were used as sources of CLNA and LNA, respectively. The hepatosomatic index and body lipid content of the 2% CLNA dietary treatment increased significantly (P < 0.05) with respect to the control (LNA treatment). But the specific growth rate and percent gain did not improve significantly. After 6 weeks' observation, the 4% CLNA dietary treatment exhibited higher mortality and liver weight but lower weight gains (1.1-1.9 g). No significant differences were observed in the results of the feed efficiency and moisture as well as the protein content of the whole body among the treatments. Incorporation of CLNA into fish tissues was at a distinctly higher level in neutral lipids than in polar lipids. Increased levels of 22:6n-3 were found in the 4% CLNA treatment but decreased levels were found in the 2% CLNA treatment in both neutral and polar fractions. In the CLNA treatments, saturated fatty acid was relatively unaffected, the level of 18:1 was increased and the level of 18:2n-6 was decreased. These results indicate that the lower level (2%) of CLNA had no significant effect on the growth and the higher level (4%) of CLNA caused higher mortality as well as attenuating the growth of the fish. Dietary CLNA accumulated in a greater amount in the neutral lipids and modulated the fatty acid composition in the whole body of rainbow trout fingerlings.
Preparation and quality evaluation of sardines sauce rich in omega-3 using the combination of pineapple fruit extracts and fermentation times; A present study aimed at evaluating sardine sauce quality used a treatment combination of pineapple fruit extract, and fermentation times. It used a completely randomized design with a factorial pattern. The results showed a pineapple fruit extracts and fermentation times affected significantly on sardine sauce quality (P < 0.05). There was an interaction between pineapple fruit extract and fermentation times on sardine sauce quality. A pineapple fruit extract of 10% and fermentation times of 13 days produced sardine sauce best quality, with a protein content (17.38%), moisture (74.45%), omega-3 (19.68%), pH (5.23), taste value of 3.68, color of 4.52, and aroma of 2.99, respectively, but, consumers did not like it so much. It has passed a National Standard of Indonesia, which sets the minimum level of protein of 5%, and pH ranges from 5.0 to 6.0.
Impact of nutraceuticals on markers of systemic inflammation: Potential relevance to cardiovascular diseases-A position paper from the International Lipid Expert Panel (ILEP); Inflammation is a marker of arterial disease stemming from cholesterol-dependent to-independent molecular mechanisms. In recent years, the role of inflammation in atherogenesis has been underpinned by pharmacological approaches targeting systemic inflammation that have led to a significant reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Although the use of nutraceuticals to prevent CVD has largely focused on lipid-lowering (e.g, red yeast rice and omega-3 fatty acids), there is growing interest and need, especially now in the time of coronavirus pandemic, in the use of nutraceuticals to reduce inflammatory markers, and potentially the inflammatory CVD burden, however, there is still not enough evidence to confirm this. Indeed, diet is an important lifestyle determinant of health and can influence both systemic and vascular inflammation, to varying extents, according to the individual nutraceutical constituents. Thus, the aim of this Position Paper is to provide the first attempt at recommendations on the use of nutraceuticals with effective anti-inflammatory properties. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
The fish-oil paradox; Purpose of review Increasing interest has focused on the potential cardioprotective effects of the omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the basis of findings from epidemiology and cohort studies. This review will summarize the findings of contemporary clinical trials of omega-3 fatty acids. Recent findings Although a large clinical trial performed prior to the widespread use of statins demonstrated cardiovascular benefit with fish oils, subsequent studies have failed to reproduce this result. More recent studies have demonstrated a reduction in cardiovascular risk with administration of high-dose EPA, but not a carboxylic acid formulation containing both EPA and DHA or with lower doses of omega-3 fatty acids. Administration of omega-3 fatty acids differing in either composition or dose produce variable effects on cardiovascular outcomes. This has implications for both the public health and pharmacological approach to cardiovascular prevention.
FOOD USE AND HEALTH-EFFECTS OF SOYBEAN AND SUNFLOWER OILS; This review provides a scientific assessment of current knowledge of health effects of soybean oil (SBO) and sunflower oil (SFO). SBO and SFO both contain high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (60.8 and 69%, respectively), with a PUFA:saturated fat ratio of 4.0 for SBO and 6.4 for SFO. SFO contains 69% C18:2n-6 and < 0.1% C18:3n-3, while SBO contains 54% C18:2n-6 and 7.2% C18:3n-3. Thus, SFO and SBO each provide adequate amounts of C18:2n-6, but of the two, SBO provides C18:3n-3 with a C18:2n-6:C18:3n-3 ratio of 7.1. Epidemiological evidence has suggested an inverse relationship between the consumption of diets high in vegetable fat and blood pressure, although clinical findings have been inconclusive. Recent dietary guidelines suggest the desirability of decreasing consumption of total and saturated fat and cholesterol, an objective that can be achieved by substituting such oils as SFO and SBO for animal fats. Such changes have consistently resulted in decreased total and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, which is thought to be favorable with respect to decreasing risk of cardiovascular disease. Also, decreases in high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol have raised some concern. Use of vegetable oils such as SFO and SBO increases C18:2n-6, decreases C20:4n-6, and slightly elevated C20:5n-3 and C22:6n-3 in platelets, changes that slightly inhibit platelet generation of thromboxane and ex vivo aggregation. Whether chronic use of these oils will effectively block thrombosis at sites of vascular injury, inhibit pathologic platelet vascular interactions associated with atherosclerosis, or reduce the incidence of acute vascular occlusion in the coronary or cerebral circulation is uncertain. Linoleic acid is needed for normal immune response, and essential fatty acid (EFA) deficiency impairs B and T cell-mediated responses. SBO and SFO can provide adequate linoleic acid for maintenance of the immune response. Excess linoleic acid has supported tumor growth in animals, an effect not verified by data from diverse human studies of risk, incidence, or progression of cancers of the breast and colon. Areas yet to be investigated include the differential effects of n-6- and n-3-containing oil on tumor development in humans and whether shorter-chain n-3 PUFA of plant origin such as found in SBO will modulate these actions of linoleic acid, as has been shown for the longer-chain n-3 PUFA of marine oils. SBO and SFO are sources of linoleic acid and PUFA for prevention of gross EFA deficiency [recommended at 3% of energy (en) intake] and for prevention of heart disease (recommended at 8-10% en intake). In addition, SBO contains 7% linolenic acid with a linoleic to linolenic ratio of 7:1, which is within the recommended linoleic to linolenic ratio of 4:1 to 10:1.
Red blood cell fatty acids and biomarkers of inflammation: A cross-sectional study in a community-based cohort; Introduction: Inflammation and inflammatory biomarkers have emerged as integral components and predictors of incident cardiovascular (CV) disease. Omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (EPA and DHA) have anti-inflammatory properties, and have been variably associated with lower blood pressure, favorable blood lipid changes, and reduced CV events.
A multi-country health economic evaluation of highly concentrated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in secondary prevention after myocardial infarction; Background: Patients who survive an acute myocardial infarction (MI) are at an increased risk of subsequent major cardiovascular events and (often sudden) cardiac death. The use of highly concentrated and purified omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), in addition to standard secondary prevention after MI, results in a significant reduction in the risk of sudden death versus no n-3 PUFAs. This study assessed the cost effectiveness of adding n-3 PUFAs to the current secondary prevention treatment versus standard prevention alone after acute MI in five countries: Australia, Belgium, Canada, Germany and Poland.
Genome-wide association study of the plasma triglyceride response to an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation; Studies have shown a large interindividual variability in plasma TG response to long-chain n-3 PUFA supplementation, which may likely be attributable to genetic variability within the populations studied. The objective is to compare the frequency of SNPs in a genome-wide association study between responders (reduction in plasma TG levels >= 0.01 mM) and nonresponders (increase in plasma TG of >= 0 mM) to supplementation. Genomic DNA from 141 subjects who completed a 2-week run-in period followed by 6-week supplementation with 5 g of fish oil daily (1.9-2.2 g EPA and 1.1 g DHA daily) were genotyped on Illumina HumanOmni-5-QuadBeadChip. Thirteen loci had frequency differences between responders and nonresponders (P < 1 x 10(-5)), including SNPs in or near IQCJ-SCHIP1, MYB, NELL1, NXPH1, PHF17, and SLIT2 genes. A genetic risk score (GRS) was constructed by summing the number of risk alleles. This GRS explained 21.53% of the variation in TG response to n-3 PUFA supplementation when adjusted for age, sex, and BMI (P = 0.0002). Using Fish Oil Intervention and Genotype as a replication cohort, the GRS was able to explain 2% of variation in TG response when adjusted. In conclusion, subjects who decrease their plasma TG levels following n-3 PUFA supplementation may have a different genetic profile than individuals who do not respond.
Ω-3 fatty acid supplement use in the 45 and Up Study Cohort; Objective There has been a dramatic increase in the use of dietary supplements in Western societies over the past decades. Our understanding of the prevalence of -3 fatty acid supplement consumption is of significance for future nutrition planning, health promotion and care delivery. However, we know little about -3 fatty acid supplement consumption or users. This paper, drawing upon the largest dataset with regard to -3 fatty acid supplement use (n=266848), examines the use and users of this supplement among a large sample of older Australians living in New South Wales.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular disease: an umbrella review of non-pharmacological interventions; Background. The aim of this study is to determine the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) events and mortality in healthy adults or those at high risk of CVD.
Blockade by N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid of the Kv4.3 current stably expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells; 1 The Kv4.3 gene is believed to encode a large proportion of the transient outward current (I-to), responsible for the early phase of repolarization of the human cardiac action potential. There is evidence that this current is involved in the dispersion of refractoriness which develops during myocardial ischaemia and which predisposes to the development of potentially fatal ventricular tachyarrhythmias.
Five-lipoxygenase inhibitors reduce Panc-1 survival: Synergism of MK886 with gamma linolenic acid; The five-lipoxygenase inhibitors ETYA, SC41661A and MK 886 reduced the proliferation and viability of Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells (1). The extent of inhibition depended upon drug concentration and with continued culture, cells detached and stained with trypan blue. Although results from flow cytometry were consistent with programmed cell death, despite repeated attempts, no DNA laddering characteristic of its later stages was detected, and studies with the TUNEL assay were negative. Light and electron microscopy of cells cultured with SC41661A provided morphologic evidence of an incompletely expressed type 1 programmed cell death. Cells cultured with MK886 exhibited an unusual cytoplasmic mode of cell death characterized by vacuolization and widely separated smooth internal membranes without diagnostic nuclear changes. This is in marked contrast to the extensive type 1 PCD induced by 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors cultured with human U937 monoblastoid cells (2). The incomplete destruction of chromatin and absence of a fully expressed type 1 response in SC41661A-treated Panc-1 cells implies a defective initiation and/or implementation of the enzymatic "program" for cellular suicide by these agents. The response of Panc-1 cells to MK886 suggests expression of a variant "cytoplasmic" (type 2?) form of non-necrotic cell death. In a European clinical trial, gammalinolenic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid that generates free radicals has been combined with 5-fluorouracil as chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer. Panc-1 cell proliferation was insensitive to inhibition by several chemotherapeutic agents employed clinically, including 5-fluorouracil, cisplatin or gemcitabine and only somewhat sensitive to GLA. When gamma linolenic acid was combined with MK886, the more effective of the two 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors, a synergistic reduction in Panc-1 cell number and viability occurred.
Fish oil delays lymphoma progression in the <i>TLL</i> mouse; The objective was to investigate the effects of omega-3 fatty acids, known for their anti-inflammatory effects, on time to lymphoma progression and survival in the TLL mouse, a strain genetically prone to developing aggressive T-cell lymphoma. Compared to mice fed a standard diet, TLL mice fed omega-3 (menhaden fish oil) experienced a significant delay in disease progression and were more likely to remain alive and symptom free during the first 8 months of the study. In contrast, omega-6 supplementation (corn oil) did not significantly affect lymphoma progression. Irrespective of diet, all mice eventually progressed, and 1-year survival was not different between the groups. Immunological analysis demonstrated a significantly altered B-cell compartment and fewer NK cells in healthy C57Black6 mice fed omega-3, compared to controls. In conclusion, a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids delays lymphoma development in the TLL mouse possibly by mechanisms that include complex effects on immune function.
Interactions of n-3 fatty acids with ion channels in excitable tissues; In summary, we have shown that the conventional explanation for the site of action of a ligand which alters the conductance of a membrane ion channel is that the ligand interacts or binds with the ion channel protein, changing its conductance, is inadequate to explain the primary site of action of the antiarrhythmic n-3 PUFAs. We have shown that when a neutral asparagine is replaced by a positively charged lysine in the N406 amino acid site in the alpha-subunit of the human cardiac sodium channel, the n-3 fatty acids lose their inhibitory action on the sodium current. The inadequacy of this finding to explain the primary site of action of the n-3 PUFAs is demonstrated by the inhibitory effect on all other cardiac ion channels, so far tested. We show that ion channels, which share no amino acid homology with the PUFAs, have their conductance also reduced in the presence of the PUFAs,Thus a more general conceptual framework or paradigm is needed to account for the broad action of the PUFAs on diverse different ion channels lacking amino acid homology.
Research of the dynamic regulatory mechanism of Compound Danshen Dripping Pills on myocardial infarction based on metabolic trajectory analysis; Background: Myocardial infarction (MI) is a serious cardiovascular disease, which presents different pathophysiological changes with the prolongation of the disease. Compound danshen dripping pills (CDDP) has obvious advantages in MI treatment and widely used in the clinic. However, the current studies were mostly focused on the endpoint of CDDP intervention, lacking the dynamic attention to the disease process. It is of great value to establish a dynamic research strategy focused on the changes in pharmacodynamic substances for guiding clinical medication more precisely. Purpose: It is aimed to explore the dynamic regulating pattern of CDDP on MI based on metabolic trajectory analysis, and then clarify the variation characteristic biomarkers and pharmacodynamic substances in the intervention process. Methods: The MI model was successfully prepared by coronary artery left anterior descending branch ligation, and then CDDP intervention was given for 28 days. Endogenous metabolites and the components of CDDP in serum were measured by LC/MS technique simultaneously to identify dynamic the metabolic trajectory and screen the characteristic pharmacodynamic substances at different points. Finally, network pharmacology and molecular docking techniques were used to simulate the core pharmacodynamic substances and core target binding, then validated at the genetic and protein level by Q-PCR and western blotting technology. Results: CDDP performed typical dynamic regulation features on metabolite distribution, biological processes, and pharmacodynamic substances. During 1 -7 days, it mainly regulated lipid metabolism and inflammation, the Phosphatidylcholine (PC(18:1(9Z/18:1(9Z)) and Sphingomyelin (SM(d18:1/23:1(9Z)), SM(d18:1/24:1(15Z)), SM(d18:0/16:1(9Z))) were the main characteristic biomarkers. Lipid metabolism was the mainly regulation pathway during 14 -21 days, and the characteristic biomarkers were the Lysophosphatidylethanolamine (LysoPE (0:0/20:0), PE-NMe2(22:1(13Z)/15:0)) and Sphingomyelin (SM(d18:1/23:1(9Z))). At 28 days, in addition to inflammatory response and lipid metabolism, fatty acid metabolism also played the most important role. Correspondingly, Lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC(20:0/0:0)), Lysophosphatidylserine (LPS(18:0/0:0)) and Fatty acids (Linoelaidic acid) were the characteristic biomarkers. Based on the results of metabolite distribution and biological process, the characteristic pharmacodynamic substances during the intervention were further identified. The results showed that various kinds of Saponins and Tanshinones as the important active ingredients performed a long -range regulating effect on MI. And the other components, such as Tanshinol and Salvianolic acid B affected Phosphatidylcholine and Sphingomyelin through Relaxin Signaling pathway during the early intervention. Protocatechualdehyde and Rosmarinic acid affected Lysophosphatidylethanolamine and Sphingomyelin through EGFR Tyrosine kinase inhibitor resistance during the late intervention. Tanshinone IIB and Isocryptotanshinone via PPAR signaling pathway affected Lysophosphatidylcholine, Lysophosphatidylserine, and Fatty acids.
Interaction of brain fatty acid-binding protein with the polyunsaturated fatty acid environment as a potential determinant of poor prognosis in malignant glioma; Malignant gliomas are the most common adult brain cancers. In spite of aggressive treatment, recurrence occurs in the great majority of patients and is invariably fatal. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are abundant in brain, particularly omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA) and omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Although the levels of omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are tightly regulated in brain, the omega-6:omega-3 ratio is dramatically increased in malignant glioma, suggesting deregulation of fundamental lipid homeostasis in brain tumor tissue. The migratory properties of malignant glioma cells can be modified by altering the ratio of AA:DHA in growth medium, with increased migration observed in AA-rich medium. This fatty acid-dependent effect on cell migration is dependent on expression of the brain fatty acid binding protein (FABP7) previously shown to bind DHA and AA. Increased levels of enzymes involved in eicosanoid production in FABP7-positive malignant glioma cells suggest that FABP7 is an important modulator of AA metabolism. We provide evidence that increased production of eicosanoids in FABP7-positive malignant glioma growing in an AA-rich environment contributes to tumor infiltration in the brain. We discuss pathways and molecules that may underlie FABP7/AA-mediated promotion of cell migration and FABP7/DHA-mediated inhibition of cell migration in malignant glioma. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Are there protective environmental factors?; Protective factors against atherosclerosis are a group of different elements which include the fatty acids, alcohol, antioxydant vitamins, dietary fibres and physical exercise.
Membrane basis for fish oil effects on the heart: Linking natural hibernators to prevention of human sudden cardiac death; The concept that diet-induced changes in membrane lipids could modify heart function partly arose from observations that membrane composition and physical properties were closely associated with the capacity of the heart to respond appropriately to torpor and hibernation. Observations of natural hibernators further revealed that behavior of key membrane-bound enzymes could be influenced through the lipid composition of the cell membrane, either by changing the surrounding fatty acids through reconstitution into a foreign lipid milieu of different composition, or by alteration through diet. Myocardial responsiveness to beta-adrenoceptor stimulation, including initiation of spontaneous dysrhythmic contractions, was altered by both hibernation and dietary modulation of membrane fatty acids, suggesting modified vulnerability to cardiac arrhythmia. Subsequent studies using whole-animal models recognized that vulnerability to ventricular fibrillation decreased as the polyunsaturated: saturated fat (P:S) ratio of the diet increased. However, dietary fish oils, which typically contain at least 30% saturated fatty acids and only 30% long-chain n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), exhibit antiarrhythmic effects that exceed the predicted influence of the P:S ratio, suggesting properties unique to the long-chain n-3 PUFA. Large-scale clinical trials and epidemiology have confirmed the arrhythmia prevention observed in vitro in myocytes, papillary muscles, and isolated hearts and in whole-animal models of sudden cardiac death. Some progress has been made towards a biologically plausible mechanism. These developments highlight nature's ability to provide guidance for the most unexpected applications.
Low serum ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and other metabolites are associated with poor linear growth in young children from rural Malawi; Background: Stunting affects similar to 25% of children <5 y of age and is associated with impaired cognitive and motor development and increased morbidity and mortality. The pathogenesis of stunting is poorly understood.
Fatty acid composition of birds and game hunted by the Eastern James Bay Cree people of Quebec; Background. Indigenous peoples have traditionally relied on foods hunted and gathered from their immediate environment. The Eastern James Bay Cree people consume wild game and birds, and these are believed to provide health as well as cultural benefits.
Mechanisms of cordycepin in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in rats based on metabonomics and transcriptomics; Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is a fatal disease featured by high morbidity and mortality. Although Cordycepin is known for its anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and immune-enhancing effects, its role in PAH treatment and the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. The therapeutic effects of Cordycepin on rats with PAH were investigated using a monocrotaline (MCT)-induced rat model. The metabolic effects of Cordycepin were assessed based on the plasma metabolome. The potential mechanisms of Cordycepin in PAH treatment were investigated through transcriptome sequencing and validated in pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells (PASMC). Evaluations included hematoxylin and eosin staining for pulmonary vascular remodeling, CCK-8 assay, EDU, and TUNEL kits for cell viability, proliferation, and apoptosis, respectively, and western blot for protein expression. Cordycepin significantly reduced right ventricular systolic pressure (RVSP) and right ventricular hypertrophy index (RVHI) in PAH rats, and mitigated pulmonary vascular remodeling. Plasma metabolomics showed that Cordycepin could reverse the metabolic disorders in the lungs of MCT-induced PAH rats, particularly impacting linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism pathways. Transcriptomics revealed that the P53 pathway might be the primary pathway involved, and western blot results showed that Cordycepin significantly increased P53 and P21 protein levels in lung tissues. Integrated analysis of transcriptomics and metabolomics suggested that these pathways were mainly enriched in linoleic acid metabolism and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism pathway. In vitro experiments demonstrated that Cordycepin significantly inhibited the PDGFBB (PD)-induced abnormal proliferation and migration of PASMC and promoted PD-induced apoptosis. Meanwhile, Cordycepin enhanced the expression levels of P53 and P21 proteins in PD-insulted PASMC. However, inhibitors of P53 and P21 eliminated these effects of Cordycepin. Cordycepin may activate the P53-P21 pathway to inhibit abnormal proliferation and migration of PASMC and promote apoptosis, offering a potential approach for PAH treatment.
Nutritional Supplements Modulating Metabolic Syndrome Risk Factors and the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Metabolic syndrome risk factors (MSRF) can lead to cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its prevalence is increasing at an alarming rate in the United States and worldwide. Pathways leading directly from visceral adiposity to the genesis of free fatty acids and lipid accumulation are mediators of insulin resistance and hypertension. These conditions lead to a proinflammatory and prothrombotic state that can potentiate cardiovascular disease. Metabolic syndrome risk factors are interrelated and associated with predisposition to diabetes, obesity, hypertension and dyslipidemia and, thus, ultimately can lead to CVD. In this review, the authors focused on seven research-supported nutrients available as dietary supplements that offer potential benefits for people with MSRF. For the past two decades, a number of studies have evaluated the role of nutritional supplementation in the prevention of atherogenic and abnormal glucose risk factors. It is, therefore, important to identify strategies that favorably impact MSRF and disease conditions. This review focuses on nutritional compounds such as policosanol, soy proteins, plant stanols, plant esters and isoflavones, omega-3 fatty acids and chromium. These ingredients can beneficially modulate MSRF and, thus, potentially improve disease risk factors and related sequelae. Although the benefits of dietary supplements in general have not been comprehensively elucidated or established, it seems plausible, given available data, that non-pharmacological compounds exhibit the ability to measurably reduce MSRF and, consequently, provide potential protection against CVD and its associated complications.
Social Integration and Mortality in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease: Findings From the Heart and Soul Study; Objective To determine why lower social integration predicts higher mortality in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD).
Mediterranean Diet and the sea: fish.; Mediterranean Diet and the sea: fish. The excellent quality of the Mediterranean Diet, apart from other products, is associated to a high consumption of fish. Epidemiological studies have shown over time certain beneficial effects of fish consumption in the prevention of chronic diseases. The specific components found in fish, the long chain omega 3 eicosapentanoic and docosahexanoic fatty acids, have been identified as the principle elements responsible for this protective effect in Mediterranean populations.There is also evidence for a relationship between elevated fish consumption and reduced cardiovascular mortality, especially in populations at greater risk for this disease or those with high fatty fish intakes. Moreover, fish consumption of greater than or equal to 3,5 servings/week appears to have a protective effect against certain site specific cancers, and is also associated with a number of lifestyle factors. It's been shown that this protective effect is reduced in those who smoke, consume alcohol, are less physically active and who consume fish preserved in salt. However, these preventive effects are seen fundamentally when lipid profiles approximate those typical of the Mediterranean Diet, which is also rich in monounsaturated fatty acids. In light of new evidence, current nutritional objectives for the Spanish population recommend that polyunsaturated fatty acids account for 5% of total calories, with an omega6:omega3 ratio ranging from 6/1 to 10/1.
Diet, Secondhand Smoke, and Glycated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) Levels among Singapore Chinese Adults; The combination of poor diet and exposure to secondhand smoke may increase hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels, but few studies have explored this interaction. We explored an interaction among 574 never-smoking adults from the Singapore Chinese Health Study. At baseline (age 59 +/- 8 years), intakes of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamin C, vitamin E and fiber were estimated using a modified food frequency questionnaire. At follow-up (age 64 +/- 9 years), HbA1c and cotinine were measured. A product term between cotinine (above or below the median value) and each nutrient (high or low intake) was included in separate linear regression models with HbA1c as the outcome. HbA1c among those with high cotinine and low omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intakes were higher than would be expected due to the individual effects alone (p-for-interaction = 0.05). Among those with lower intakes of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, high cotinine levels were associated with 0.54% higher HbA1c levels (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.02, 1.06). Conversely, among those with higher intakes of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, HbA1c differ not differ by exposure (-0.09%; 95% CI: -0.45, 0.30). No evidence of interaction was observed for other nutrients. Diets high in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may ameliorate secondhand smoke-induced increases in HbA1c.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Have Developmental Effects on the Crop Pest, the Cabbage White Butterfly <i>Pieris rapae</i>; Nutritional enhancement of crops using genetic engineering can potentially affect herbivorous pests. Recently, oilseed crops have been genetically engineered to produce the longchain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) at levels similar to that found in fish oil; to provide a more sustainable source of these compounds than is currently available from wild fish capture. We examined some of the growth and development impacts of adding EPA and DHA to an artificial diet of Pieris rapae, a common pest of Brassicaceae plants. We replaced 1% canola oil with EPA: DHA (11: 7 ratio) in larval diets, and examined morphological traits and growth of larvae and ensuing adults across 5 dietary treatments. Diets containing increasing amounts of EPA and DHA did not affect developmental phenology, larval or pupal weight, food consumption, nor larval mortality. However, the addition of EPA and DHA in larval diets resulted in progressively heavier adults (F (4), (108) = 6.78; p = 0.011), with smaller wings (p < 0.05) and a higher frequency of wing deformities (R = 0.988; p = 0.001). We conclude that the presence of EPA and DHA in diets of larval P. rapae may alter adult mass and wing morphology; therefore, further research on the environmental impacts of EPA and DHA production on terrestrial biota is advisable.
Fish Oil Increases Specialized Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators in PAD (The OMEGA-PAD II Trial); Background: N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation has been associated with reduced mortality and inflammation in patients with cardiovascular disease. There are limited data on the effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation in patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD).
Incorporated fish oil fatty acids prevent action potential shortening induced by circulating fish oil fatty acids; Increased consumption of fatty fish, rich in omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids(omega 3-PUFAs) reduces the severity and number of arrhythmias. Long-term omega 3-PUFA-intake modulates the activity of several cardiac ion channels leading to cardiac action potential shortening. Circulating omega 3-PUFAs in the bloodstream and incorporated omega 3-PUFAs in the cardiac membrane have a different mechanism to shorten the action potential. It is, however, unknown whether circulating omega 3-PUFAs in the bloodstream enhance or diminish the effects of incorporated omega 3-PUFAs. In the present study, we address this issue. Rabbits were fed a diet rich in fish oil (omega 3) or sunflower oil (omega 9, as control) for 3 weeks. Ventricular myocytes were isolated by enzymatic dissociation and action potentials were measured using the perforated patch-clamp technique in the absence and presence of acutely administered omega 3-PUFAs. Plasma of omega 3 fed rabbits contained more free eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and isolated myocytes of omega 3 fed rabbits contained higher amounts of both EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in their sarcolemma compared to control. In the absence of acutely administered fatty acids, omega 3 myocytes had a shorter action potential with a more negative plateau than omega 9 myocytes. In the omega 9 myocytes, but not in the omega 3 myocytes, acute administration of a mixture of EPA + DHA shortened the action potential significantly. From these data we conclude that incorporated omega 3-PUFAs into the sarcolemma and acutely administered omega 3 fatty acids do not have a cumulative effect on action potential duration and morphology. As a consequence, patients with a high cardiac omega 3-PUFA status will probably not benefit from short term omega 3 supplementation as an antiarrhythmic therapy.
Pharmaconutrition strategy to resolve SARS-CoV-2-induced inflammatory cytokine storm in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Omega-3 long -chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; Inflammation is one of the primary factors associated with the causation and/or progression of several lifestyle disorders, including obesity, type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). NAFLD is a spectrum of disorders, and starts with simple steatosis, progresses to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, and then advances to fibrosis, cirrhosis and finally, hepatocellular carcinoma, due to perpetual cycles of insults caused by inflammation and other cellular stress. Emerging evidence has documented that patients with NAFLD have severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), and patients with COVID-19 have a higher liver injury and mortality. Although the exact cause or mechanism is not known, inflammatory cytokine storm is a characteristic feature of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection and is known to be associated with higher mortality among COVID-19 pa lien ts. Therefore, the COVID-19 pandemic seems to be a major concern in NAFLD patients, who have contracted SARS-CoV-2 infection and develop COVID-19. This is evident in patients at any stage of the NAFLD spectrum, as the inflammatory cytokine storm may cause and/or aggravate the progression or severity of NAFLD. Thus, there is a need for resolution of the inflammatory cytokine storm in these patients. A large body of evidence has demonstrated the efficacy of omega -3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (ar3 LCPUFA) in NAFLD conditions, due to their anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and anti-viral properties. Therefore, intervention with co-3 LCPUFA, an effective pharmaconutrient along with the standard treatment for COVID-19 may be useful in the management of the NAFLD spectrum in COVID19 patients with pre-existing NAFLD conditions by resolving the inflammatory cytokine storm and thereby attenuating its progression. Although there are challenges in implementation, optimistically they can be circumvened and the pharmaconutrition strategy may be potentially helpful in tackling both the pandemics; NAFLD and COVED-19 at least in this subset of patients.
Docosahexaenoic acid induces ciap1 mRNA and protects human endothelial cells from stress-induced apoptosis; Induction of apoptosis represents a potential reaction of endothelial cells (ECs) after injury of the vascular endothelium. Beneficial effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in vascular diseases are widely recognized although the responsible mechanisms are not fully understood. Because it is not known whether PUFAs modulate EC apoptosis, we investigated the effects of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs on 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE)-induced EC apoptosis by annexin V staining and caspase-3 activation assays. Pretreatment with the n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) reduced HNE-induced EC apoptosis. DHA-treated cells did not show the pronounced drop in intracellular GSH after HNE exposure seen in vehicle- or n-6 arachidonic acid-treated cells. This is most likely due to increased GSH levels in DHA-treated cells. Furthermore, DHA pretreatment increased ciap1 mRNA levels and transfection of cIAP1 small interfering RNA abolished the protective effect of DHA in HNE-induced apoptosis in HUVECs. Thus pretreatment of HUVECs with DHA reduces HNE-induced oxidative stress and apoptosis, and the protective effects of DHA seem to be dependent on cIAP1. The results provide a possible new mechanism for the atheroprotective effects of n-3 fatty acids in vascular disease.
Effect of supplementation with dietary seal oil on selected cardiovascular risk factors and hemostatic variables in healthy male subjects; The average daily consumption of seal oil by the Inuit people is approximately 8-9 g, yet there is very little information on the effect of seal oil consumption on cardiovascular disease risk factors. In this study, 19 healthy, normocholesterolemic subjects consumed 20 g of encapsulated seal oil containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20,5n-3), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA: 22:5n-3) or 20 g of vegetable: oil (control) per day for 42 days. Levels of selected cardiovascular and thrombotic risk factors as well as fatty acid profiles of serum phospholipid and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) were determined, EPA levels in serum phospholipid and NEFA increased by 4.3- and 2.7-fold, respectively, in the seal oil supplemented group, DHA levels rose 1.5- and 2.1-fold, respectively, and DPA levels rose 0.5- and 0.7-fold, respectively. Arachidonic acid (AA) levels dropped by 26% in both serum phospholipid and serum NEFA. There was a significant decrease in the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids in serum phospholipid from 7.2 to 2.1 and a significant increase in the ratio of EPA/AA in NEFA. Ingestion of seal oil raised the coagulant inhibitor, protein C, values by 7% and decreased plasma fibrinogen by 18%. No alterations in other hemostatic variables, including plasma activity of Factors VII, VIII, IX, and X and antithrombin, or in the concentrations of von Willebrand Factor, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, glucose, Apo A-1, or lipoprotein(a) were observed in either group. Other risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hematocrit, white blood cell count, plasma viscosity, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, heart rate, and platelet aggregation after stimulation with ADP or collagen did not change. Our results indicate that seal oil supplementation in healthy, normocholesterolemic subjects decreased the n-6/n-3 ratio and increased EPA, DHA, and DPA and the ratio of EPA/AA and DHA/AA in the serum phospholipid and NEFA while exhibiting a modest beneficial effect on fibrinogen and protein C levels. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Emerging Therapies for the Treatment of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease: From Bench to Bedside; Primarily a consequence of sedentary lifestyle, atherosclerosis has already reached pandemic proportions, and with every year the burden of it is only increasing. As low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) represents a crucial factor in atherosclerosis formation and progression, stringent lipid-lowering therapy could conceivably be the key to preventing the unfavorable outcomes that arise as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The use of statins in lipid-lowering is often burdened by adverse events or is insufficient to prevent cardiovascular events as a monotherapy. Therefore, in the present review, the authors aimed to discuss the underlying mechanisms of dyslipidemia and associated atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and preclinical and clinical trials of novel therapeutic approaches to its treatment, some of which are still in the early stages of development. Apart from novel therapies, a novel change in perspective is needed. Specifically, the critical objective in the future management of ASCVD is to embrace emerging evidence in the field of atherosclerosis, because clinicians are often burden by common practice and personal experience, both of which have so far been shown to be futile in the setting of atherosclerosis.
Performance, Carcass Traits, and Meat Composition of Broiler Chickens Fed Diet Containing Fish Oil and Vitamin E; The study aimed to determine the efficacy of dietary vitamin E and fish oils on performance, carcass yield, cholesterol, omega-3, and omega-6 in the meats of broiler chickens. A total of 400 Lohmann day-old broiler chicks consisted of 200 males and 200 females were reared for 35 days. This experiment employed a completely randomized design with five treatments and four replicates. The treatments were T0: Control diet with 3% crude palm oil without vitamin E; T1: Diet containing 3% fish oil; T2: Diet containing 3% fish oil and 80 IU/kg vitamin E; T3: Diet containing 3% fish oil and 100 IU/kg vitamin E, and T4: Diet containing 3% fish oil and 120 IU/kg vitamin E. The result showed that dietary fish oil and vitamin E had no effect (p 0.05) on feed intake, body weight, weight gain, AME, AMEn, TME, and TMEn, but it tended to decrease the mortality rate. T3 significantly reduced (p<0.05) FCR in the finisher phase and meat cholesterol compared to the control. T1 and T3 significantly (p<0.05) reduced carcass weight percentage. Dietary fish oil and vitamin E increased omega-3 levels, and declined the ratio of omega-6 and omega-3. It is concluded that supplementation of 100 IU Vitamin E in the diet containing 3% fish oil improved feed efficiency by 9.95%, decreased cholesterol of the meat by 44.76%, increased omega-3 of the meat by 81.92%, and yielded the best ratio of omega-6: omega-3 of the meat, i.e., 10.34:1.
Upstream Treatment of Atrial Fibrillation with n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Myth or Reality?; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained arrhythmia in adults and is associated with an increased risk of fatal and non-fatal events. Antiarrhythmic drugs provide limited protection against AF recurrence and have a poor safety profile. Several mechanisms have been proven to be involved in AF, e.g. inflammation, oxidative stress, fibrosis and ischaemia. Prevention of AF with interventions that target these mechanisms has emerged as a result of experimental studies suggesting the use of upstream therapies. Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have multiple effects on cardiac electrophysiology, and epidemiological studies on fish oil suggest a possible use of n-3 PUFA in AF prevention. Several randomised clinical trials have been designed to evaluate the efficacy of n-3 PUFA in preventing AF. In this review, we report the conflicting results of these trials in two different clinical settings: recurrence in patients with history of AF and development of post-operative AF in patient undergoing cardiac surgery.
Prevention of sudden cardiac death by <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; This is a review of our present understanding of the mechanism by which the n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish oils prevent fatal ventricular arrhythmias in animals and cultured heart cells. A brief review of three clinical trials that suggest that these PUFAs prevent sudden cardiac death is also included in order to emphasize the potential importance of these fatty acids in human nutrition. The PUFAs act by stabilizing electrically every cardiac myocyte by modulating conductance of ion channels in the sarcolemma, particularly the fast, voltage-dependent sodium current and the L-type calcium currents, though other ion currents are also affected. Work in progress suggests that the primary site of action of the PUFAs may be on the phospholipid bilayer of the heart cells in the microdomains through which the ion channels penetrate the membrane bilayer in juxtaposition with the ion channels rather than directly on the channel protein itself These PUFAs then allosterically alter the conformation and conductance of the channels. Both potential benefits and possible adverse effects of the PUFAs in man will be discussed. Knowing that the ion channels have been structurally conserved among all excitable tissues, we tested their effects on the electrophysiology of rat hippocampal CA1 neurons and found that the sodium and calcium ion channels in these neurons were also affected by PUFAs. An attempt to show the place of the PUFAs in human nutrition during the 2-4 million years of our evolution will conclude the review. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of nutrients (in food) on the structure and function of the nervous system: Update on dietary requirements for brain. Part 2: Macronutrients; Among polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids, ALA (alpha-linolenic acid) provided the first coherent multidisciplinary experimental demonstration of the effect of diet (one of its major macronutrient) on the structure, the biochemistry, the physiology and thus the function of the brain. In fact, DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) is one for the major building structures of membrane phospholipids of brain and absolute necessary of neuronal function. It was first demonstrated that the differentiation and functioning of cultured brain cells requires not only ALA, but also the very long polyunsaturated omega-3 (DHA) and omega-6 carbon chains. Then, it was found that ALA acid deficiency alters the course of brain development, perturbs the composition of brain cell membranes, neurones, oligodendrocytes and astrocytes, as well as sub cellular particles such as myelin, nerve endings (synaptosomes) and mitochondria. These alterations induce physicochemical modifications in membranes, lead to biochemical and physiological perturbations, and results in neurosensory and behavioural upset. Consequently, the nature of polyunsaturated fatty acids (in particular omega-3, ALA and DHA) present in formula milks for infants (premature and term) conditions the visual, neurological and cerebral abilities, including intellectual. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids are involved in the prevention of some aspects of ischemic cardiovascular disease (including at the level of cerebral vascularization), and in some neuropsychiatric disorders, particularly depression, as well as in dementia, including Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia. The implication of omega-3 fatty acids in major depression and bipolar disorder (manic-depressive illness) is under evaluation. Their dietary deficiency (and altered hepatic metabolism) can prevent the renewal of membranes and consequently accelerate cerebral ageing; nonetheless, the respective roles of the vascular component on one hand and the cerebral parenchyma itself on the other have not yet been clearly elucidated. Low fat diet may have adverse effects on mood. The nature of the amino acid composition of dietary proteins contributes to cerebral function; taking into account that tryptophan plays a special role. In fact, some indispensable amino acids present in dietary proteins participate to elaborate neurotransmitters (and neuromodulators). The regulation of glycaemia (thanks to the ingestion of food with a low glycaemic index ensuring a low insulin level) improves the quality and duration of intellectual performance, if only because at rest the brain consumes more than 50% of dietary carbohydrates, approximately 80% of which are used only for energy purpose. In infants, adults and aged, as well as in diabetes, poorer glycaemic control is associated with lower performances, for instance on tests of memory. At all ages, and more specifically in aged people, some cognitive functions appear sensitive to short term variations in glucose availability. The presence of dietary fibbers is associated with higher alertness ratings and ensures less perceived stress. Although an increasing number of genetic factors that may affect the risk of neurodegenerative disorders are being identified, number of findings show that dietary factors play major roles in determining whether the brain age successfully of experiences neurodegenerative disorders. Effects of micronutrients have been examined in the accompanying paper.
Adherence and tolerance as key in brake on weight loss in cancer patients with nutritional risk after intervention with a high calorie nutritional and specific hyperproteic supplement; Background: In patients with nutritional risk, the European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism (ESPEN) recommends nutritional supplements during cancer treatment to prevent weight loss.
Modulation of Dietary Lipid Composition During Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Pharmaconutrition including omega-3 and competitive analogs of omega-6 fatty acids has been used to modulate the inflammatory response during acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). The clinical benefit of this approach when assessed in prospective randomized clinical trials has been inconsistent. We tried to assess the reasons for the conflicting results, including the possible influence of the composition of the control solution. Methods: We collected data from studies listed in PubMed, Ovid, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Embase, the U.S. National Institute of Health database, and the ARDSnet database up to March 2013. We included all trials that evaluated effects of enteral pharmaconutrition vs a control solution on mortality, ventilator-free days, length of stay (LOS) in the intensive care unit (ICU), and ICU-free days. A sensitivity analysis was carried out to study the influence of the lipid content of the control solution. Results: We found 7 eligible studies (802 patients; 405 randomized to pharmaconutrition). The aggregated results showed no overall effect on mortality (risk ratio [RR] = 0.83 [0.55-1.25], P =.37), but there was a mortality benefit when only studies in which pharmaconutrition was compared to a lipid-rich control solution were considered (RR = 0.57 [0.41-0.78], P<.001). ICU LOS was shorter in patients randomized to pharmaconutrition (RR = 0.5 [0.85-0.16]). Conclusion: Use of enteral pharmaconutrition in patients with ARDS was associated with decreased mortality only when the comparator solution contained a greater amount of lipid than is currently recommended. Hence, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral pharmaconutrition in ARDS.
RELATIVE EFFECTS OF DIETARY SATURATED, MONOUNSATURATED, AND POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS ON CARDIAC-ARRHYTHMIAS IN RATS; This study compared monounsaturated oleic acid with n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) for their ability to modify the vulnerability to cardiac arrhythmias during ischemia or reperfusion in rats. Replacement of saturated animal fat in the diet with oleic acid-rich olive oil did not significantly alter the incidence of ventricular fibrillation or other cardiac arrhythmias. Replacement with either n-6-rich sunflower seed oil or n-3-rich fish oil reduced the incidence and severity of arrhythmias occurring in ischemia. The fish oil significantly reduced reperfusion arrhythmias independently of antecedent ischemic arrhythmias. Fatal ventricular fibrillation was significantly reduced by n-6 (8%; n = 25) and n-3 (0%; n = 24) PUFA but not by monounsaturates (36%; n = 25) compared with saturated fat (42%; n = 24). The results suggest that dietary replacement of saturated fats by n-6 and especially n-3 PUFA but not monounsaturated fatty acids can reduce the likelihood of an ischemic event leading to sudden cardiac death.
Fatty Acid Facts, Part III: Cardiovascular Disease, or, a Fish Diet is not Fishy; Preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) play a significant role in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. These fatty acids are called essential fatty acids as they fulfil essential functions and the mammalian cell cannot synthesize them de novo. Dietary sources of n-3 PUFAs include fish oils rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The clinical relevance of these molecules is derived from the incorporation of EPA and DHA into cell membranes. The presence of EPA/DHA alters the physical characteristics of the membrane. Both these altered physicochemical membrane properties and the presence of n-3 PUFAs released by the action of phospholipid lipases (resulting in antiinflammatory eicosanoids) improve biological functions such as signal transduction, ion channelling and ligand binding to nuclear receptors. EPA/DHA also reduce or quench gene expression of cyclooxygenase-2 and other enzymes, thereby diminishing the formation of proinflammatory molecules. Increased EPA/DHA concentration also gives rise to antiinflammatory lipid mediators, called lipoxins, resolvins and protectins. Another important function of n-3 PUFAs is scavenging of free radicals, which diminishes inflammatory response and oxidation of lipoprotein particles, notably low density lipoproteins. The interplay of these molecular processes has distinct cardioprotective effects, which involve actions on lipid metabolism, lipoprotein particle size, blood pressure, vascular function, coagulation potential, inflammatory response, atheroma formation and antiarrhythmic. In view of these actions, fish oil preparations and/or intake of oily fish are recommended as primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease and sudden cardiac death. Large, ongoing trials will further elucidate the presumed favorable effects of EPA/DHA in heart failure and diabetes. This review provides a summary of the physiological mechanisms of the action of EPA and DHA and highlights the epidemiological evidence for a reduction in cardiac events and mortality.
Synergistic induction of lipid catabolism and anti-inflammatory lipids in white fat of dietary obese mice in response to calorie restriction and n-3 fatty acids; Calorie restriction is an essential component in the treatment of obesity and associated diseases. Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) act as natural hypolipidaemics, reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and could prevent the development of obesity and insulin resistance. We aimed to characterise the effectiveness and underlying mechanisms of the combination treatment with LC n-3 PUFA and 10% calorie restriction in the prevention of obesity and associated disorders in mice.
Diets Low in Saturated Fat with Different Unsaturated Fatty Acid Profiles Similarly Increase Serum-Mediated Cholesterol Efflux from THP-1 Macrophages in a Population with or at Risk for Metabolic Syndrome: The Canola Oil Multicenter Intervention Trial; Background: Cholesterol efflux plays an important role in preventing atherosclerosis progression. Vegetable oils with varying unsaturated fatty acid profiles favorably affect multiple cardiovascular disease risk factors; however, their effects on cholesterol efflux remain unclear.
Tissue-specific sex differences in docosahexaenoic acid and Δ6-desaturase in rats fed a standard chow diet; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) is higher in the blood and tissues of females relative to males, but the underlying mechanism is not clear. The present study examined the expression of enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of DHA from short-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in male and female rats (n = 6 for each sex). Rats were maintained on an AIN-93G diet and sacrificed at 14 weeks of age after an overnight fast. Plasma, erythrocytes, liver, heart, and brain were collected for fatty acid composition analysis and the determination of enzyme and transcription factor expression by RT-PCR and immunoblotting. Females had higher DHA concentrations in the total lipids of liver, plasma, erythrocyte, and heart (53%, 75%, 36%, and 25% higher, respectively, compared with males) with no sex differences in brain DHA concentrations. The mRNA content of Delta 5-desaturase, Delta 6-desaturase, and elongase 2 was 1.0-, 1.4-, and 1.1-fold higher, respectively, in the livers of female rats compared with males, with no differences in the hearts or brains. The protein content of Delta 6-desaturase was also higher in females. Higher hepatic mRNA of sterol-regulatory element-binding protein 1-c and estrogen receptor alpha in the females suggests that lipogenic and estrogen signaling mechanisms are involved. The sex difference in DHA concentration is tissue specific and is associated with higher Delta 6-desaturase expression in females relative to males, which appears to be limited to the liver.
Subchronic (13-week) oral toxicity study of dihomo-γ-linolenic acid (DGLA) oil in rats; Dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) is one of the essential fatty acids, and has anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects. To assess the toxicity of a novel DGLA oil produced by the fungus Mortierella alpina, we examined it in the Ames test and in acute and subchronic oral toxicity tests in rats. In the Ames test, no mutagenicity was found up to 5000 mu g/plate. The acute toxicity test revealed no toxicity related to DGLA oil at 10 g/kg. In the subchronic toxicity test, DGLA oil (500, 1000, and 2000 mg/kg) was orally administered. Water and soybean oil (2000 mg/kg) were used for the no-oil control and soybean oil control groups, respectively. There was no death in either sex. Because of administration of large amounts of oil, food consumption was low in the soybean oil control and the three test groups, which appeared to mildly decrease urinary excretion of Na, K, and Cl, as well as total serum protein, albumin, and blood urea nitrogen levels. There were no toxicological changes in body weight, food consumption, ophthalmological examination, urinalysis, hematological examination, blood biochemical examination, necropsy, organ weight, or histopathological examination. These findings show that the no-observed-ad verse-effect level of the DGLA oil was 2000 mg/kg. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Type 2 diabetes preventive effects with a 12-months sardine-enriched diet in elderly population with prediabetes: An interventional, randomized and controlled trial; Background: Fish could play a role in preventing type 2 diabetes (T2D) but there has been little specification about the type of fish and the preventive mechanism involved in its health claim. The sardine is a source of omega-3 and taurine that, in isolation or in synergy, would produce T2D-delaying through different molecular mechanism.
Dose-response effects of omega-3 fatty acids on triglycerides, inflammation, and endothelial function in healthy persons with moderate hypertriglyceridemia; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to reduce cardiovascular mortality at a dose of approximate to 1 g/d. Studies using higher doses have shown evidence of reduced inflammation and improved endothelial function. Few studies have compared these doses.
Prehispanic Functional Foods and Nutraceuticals in the Treatment of Dyslipidemia Associated to Cardiovascular Disease: a Mini-Review; Dyslipidemia is an important modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, which are responsible for a large number of mortality and disability cases around the globe. Different strategies have been used within the treatment of dyslipidemia, including lifestyle modifications, pharmacologic therapy, as well as functional foods and nutraceuticals. Functional foods have been used worldwide since ancient times, particularly, the prehispanic civilizations utilized several as medicinal foods. In the current pandemic of dyslipidemia as well as the nutritional transition, particularly in Latin America, the use of native functional foods represents an attractive target for the treatment and/or prevention of these conditions. In this mini-review, evidence regarding different functional foods such as cacao, amaranth, chia, nopal, spirulina, as well as their nutraceutical compounds, including flavonoids, omega-3 PUFAs, fiber, prebiotics, lovastatin, c-phycocyanin, among others, and their mechanism of action are presented and discussed. Although such foods certainly are considered as attractive potential agents to target dyslipidemia thus decrease the associated cardiometabolic risk, we conclude that for most of the presented functional foods there is currently not enough evidence to support its recommendation and every-day use.
Changes in lipid profile after regular intake of canned fish.: The influence of addition of isoflavones, omega-3 fatty acids and fitosterols; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Changes in dietary habits are associated with an improvement of lipid profile. We decided to assess changes in lipid profile reached with a dietary enrichment with canned tuna in olive oil and compared them with those reached with canned tuna with additional supplementation.
Investigating N-3 Fatty Acids to prevent Neonatal Tobacco-related outcomeS (INFANTS): study protocol for a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel clinical trial of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnant smokers; Background: Tobacco use during pregnancy is the most important modifiable risk factor associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, increasing the risk of preterm birth, intrauterine growth restriction and sudden infant death syndrome. Fewer than half of pregnant smokers can quit on their own. Identifying safe and effective therapies to prevent tobacco-related adverse pregnancy outcomes and/or increase smoking cessation in pregnant women would have a substantial public health impact. Cigarette smoking is associated with a relative deficiency in circulating n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LCPUFA) levels. A recent analysis found that smokers taking n-3 LCPUFAs during pregnancy had a reduction in preterm labor risk when compared to non-smokers. Studies have shown that supplemental n-3 LCPUFAs may also reduce nicotine cravings and daily cigarette use. Thus, smokers may benefit from supplemental n-3 LCPUFAs by lowering the risk of preterm labor and/or increased smoking cessation. To address important remaining knowledge gaps, we propose the Investigating N-3 Fatty Acids to prevent Neonatal Tobacco related outcomeS (INFANTS).
Diet, cognition, and Alzheimer's disease: food for thought; The prevention of Alzheimer's disease (AD) has become a real challenge due to its rising prevalence and the lack of an effective cure. Diet and nutrients have gained significant interest as potentially modifiable protective factors.
γ-linolenic acid induces apoptosis in B-chronic lymphocytic leukaemia cells <i>in vitro</i>; Gamma linolenic acid (GLA) is cytotoxic to many types of human cancer cells. Most chemotherapeutic agents are cytotoxic by inducing apoptosis. We examined the apoptotic activity of GLA on purified B-cells isolated from patients with B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukaemia IB-CLL) and from normal individuals. GLA significantly increased the degree of apoptosis in B-CLL B-cells after 24 hours of culture. The mean percentage of cells undergoing apoptosis when cultured in medium alone (spontaneous apoptosis) was 20% (range: 7 to 31%)(n=25) and in the presence of GLA ((5 mug-60 mug) was: 42%-95%. In the presence of CLA 5 mug/ml and dexamethasone the degree of apoptosis was 86% (range: 72 to 100%). GLA induced apoptosis in B-CLL B-cells at a higher level than that observed with normal B-cells at all lower concentrations tested 5, 10 and 15 mug/ml: P=0.045: 0.027 and 0.022, respectively. At 30 mug/ml of GLA. no significant difference in the percentage of cells displaying apoptosis between B-CLL and normal B-cells M;ns observed (P=0.075). GLA induced apoptosis in B-CLL T-cells at both 10 and 30 mu /ml. The degree of apoptosis in normal T-cells with GLA was also significant at the higher concentration of 30 mug/ml. Interleukin 4 (IL4), a viability factor in B-CLL. and vitamin E. an anti-oxidant, protected B-CLL B-cells against (20 mug/ml)-induced apoptosis. These results demonstrate that GLA induces apoptosis in B-CLL B- and T-cells cells in-vitro and that they are more susceptible to GLA-induced apoptosis than normal peripheral blued B- and T-cells.
Emulsion gels containing n-3 fatty acids and condensed tannins designed as functional fat replacers; The purpose of this study was to ascertain the potential of several food-grade emulsion (O/W) gels (GEs) for use as healthier fat replacers. The emulsions, formulated with a lipid phase rich in n-3 fatty acids and different emulsifiers (sodium caseinate, SC; whey protein isolate, WPI and isolated soy protein, ISP), were cold gelled after adding a natural extract rich in condensed tannins (CT). The GEs were characterized and their oxidative stability evaluated during storage (4 degrees C). All GEs formulated presented a solid-like structure showing generally excellent emulsion stability, which improved in GEs with the addition of CT. Non-extractable proanthocyanidins (NEPA) were the main source of polyphenol in samples enriched with CTs. The antioxidant activity of the systems was not affected by the use of different proteins as emulsifiers, but it was improved in GEs containing CT. The oxidation values recorded in the GE systems can generally be regarded as low even considering their enrichment with unsaturated fatty acids, which thus assures their suitability for use as fat replacers.
Exercise Training Combined with Calanus Oil Supplementation Improves the Central Cardiodynamic Function in Older Women; The aim of this study was to investigate the possible beneficial effects of exercise training (ET) with omega-3/Calanus oil supplementation on cardiorespiratory and adiposity parameters in elderly women. Fifty-five women (BMI: 19-37 kg/m(2), 62-80 years old) were recruited and randomly assigned to the 4 month intervention with ET and omega-3 supplementation (Calanus oil, ET-Calanus) or ET and the placebo (sunflower oil; ET-Placebo). The body composition was determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and cardiorespiratory parameters were measured using spiroergometry and PhysioFlow hemodynamic testing. Both interventions resulted in an increased lean mass whereas the fat mass was reduced in the leg and trunk as well as the android and gynoid regions. The content of trunk fat (in percent of the total fat) was lower and the content of the leg fat was higher in the ET-Calanus group compared with the ET-Placebo. Although both interventions resulted in similar improvements in cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), it was explained by an increased peripheral oxygen extraction (a-vO(2)diff) alone in the ET-Placebo group whereas increased values of both a-vO(2)diff and maximal cardiac output (COmax) were observed in the ET-Calanus group. Changes in COmax were associated with changes in systemic vascular resistance, circulating free fatty acids, and the omega-3 index. In conclusion, Calanus oil supplementation during a 4 month ET intervention in elderly women improved the cardiorespiratory function, which was due to combined central and peripheral cardiodynamic mechanisms.
Uptake and metabolic conversion of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids in Hep2 human larynx tumor cells; Research on fatty acid metabolism in cultured human larynx tumor cells Hep2 was carried out. The cells were incubated with either a saturated (palmitic) or a polyunsaturated (linoleic, alpha-linolenic and eicosatrienoic (n-6)) radioactive fatty acid (0.66 muM, 24 h).The best incorporation capacity was observed in the linoleic acid followed by alpha-linolenic, palmitic and eicosatrienoic acids. All fatty acids tested were anabolized to higher derivatives within their own family. Palmitic acid was primarily monodesaturated rather than elongated, proving to have a very active Delta9 desaturase activity. With respect to polyunsaturated acid metabolism, the conversion of alpha-linolenic acid to higher homologs, although better than linoleic acid, occurred far less efficiently than that observed in other non-highly undifferentiated human tumor cells. This impairment in higher polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, reflected in the low levels of arachidonic acid in the fatty acid composition, would not reside in the Delta5 desaturation step since Hep2 cells can readily convert eicosatrienoic acid into arachidonic acid. Considering the potential regulatory role of specific polyunsaturated fatty acids in the cell proliferative control, the knowledge of the metabolism of fatty acids in this human tumor cell would be important for designing future experiments in order to clarify the mechanism involved in balance, proliferation and cell death. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Protective effects of <i>Phyllanthus amarus</i> on fibrotic markers during alcohol and polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced toxicity; Alcoholic liver disease (ALD) remains a major problem, with significant morbidity and mortality worldwide. One of the serious consequences of ALD is hepatic fibrosis. This happens when the matrix synthesis rate exceeds that of matrix degradation. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and tissue inhibitors of matrix metalloproteinases (TIMPs) play a key role in matrix remodeling. Disruption of MMP/TIMP balance can lead to excessive accumulation of extracellular matrix components resulting in severe liver injury. The focus of the present study is to analyze the effect of Phyllanthus amarus on MMP and TIMPs activity in alcohol and thermally oxidized polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-induced hepatic fibrosis. Male albino Wistar rats were used for the study. The matrix metalloproteinase expression was found to be significantly decreased and the levels of TIMPs and the collagen were significantly increased in alcohol + thermally oxidized PUFA-treated rats. Administration of Phyllanthus amarus extract significantly decreased the levels of collagen and TIMPs; and positively modulated the expression of MMPs. From this study, we conclude that Phyllanthus amarus effectively modifies alcohol + thermally oxidized PUFA-induced fibrosis.</.
Ameliorative potential of omega 3 fatty acids and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors on experimentally-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has a relation to obesity. It may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma. To date, the therapeutic options are limited due to complex pathogenesis. This study aimed to investigate the effect of atorvastatin and omega 3 fatty acids on experimentally-induced NASH. Sixty male albino rats were divided into 6 equal groups; control group, high fat emulsion/sucrose (HFE/S) diet, HFE/S+carboxymethyl cellulose, HFE/S +Atorvastatin, HFE/S+Fish oil and HFE/S+ Atorvastatin+Fish oil. Serum alanine aminotransferase, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high density lipoproteins, insulin, glucose, C-reactive protein and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index were measured. Also, hepatic TC, TG, malondialdehyde, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) were determined. Liver sections were examined histopathologically. Atorvastatin improved lipid profile, inflammation and oxidative stress but did not improve insulin resistance, hepatic TGF-beta 1 or body weight while fish oil improved lipid profile, decreased inflammation and oxidative stress, improved insulin resistance, hepatic TGF-beta 1 and body weight compared to HFE/S group. Atorvastatin/fish oil combination produced significant improvement in the lipid profile, inflammation, oxidative stress, insulin resistance, hepatic TGF-beta 1 and body weight compared to the use of each of these drugs alone. This might be attributed to the effect of fish oil on the lipid profile, inflammatory cytokines, insulin resistance and TGF-beta 1 which potentiates the effect of atorvastatin on NASH. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Substitution of meat and fish with vegetables or potatoes and risk of myocardial infarction; Red meat has been suggested to be adversely associated with risk of myocardial infarction (MI), whereas vegetable consumption has been found to be protective. The aim of this study was to investigate substitutions of red meat, poultry and fish with vegetables or potatoes for MI prevention. We followed up 29 142 women and 26 029 men in the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health study aged 50-64 years with no known history of MI at baseline. Diet was assessed by a validated 192-item FFQ at baseline. Adjusted Cox proportional hazard models were used to calculate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% CI for MI associated with specified food substitutions of 150 g/week. During a median follow-up of 13.6 years, we identified 656 female and 1694 male cases. Among women, the HR for MI when replacing red meat with vegetables was 0.94 (95% CI 0.90, 0.98). Replacing fatty fish with vegetables was associated with a higher risk of MI (HR 1.23; 95% CI 1.05, 1.45), whereas an inverse, statistically non-significant association was found for lean fish (HR 0.93; 95% CI 0.83, 1.05). Substituting poultry with vegetables was not associated with risk of MI (HR 1.00; 95% CI 0.90, 1.11). Findings for substitution with potatoes were similar to findings for vegetables. Among men, a similar pattern was observed, but the associations were weak and mostly statistically non-significant. This study suggests that replacing red meat with vegetables or potatoes is associated with a lower risk of MI, whereas replacing fatty fish with vegetables or potatoes is associated with a higher risk of MI.
Effects of Dietary Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Mitochondria; Type and quantity of ingested dietary fat contribute to the onset and progression of chronic diseases such as diabetes, obesity or arteriosclerosis. Attention is increasingly focussing on effective therapies for these diseases as well as functional foods that impede the development of insulin resistance and obesity. Studies provided evidence showing polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 and the omega-6 families play beneficial roles in prevention and treatment of diseases as diverse as Alzheimer's disease, cancer and cardiovascular diseases such as myocardial infarction, arrhythmia, atherosclerosis and hypertension. Strongest evidence is derived from in vitro experiments on cultured cells and animal-based studies, while the results from clinical studies are inconclusive. After ingestion, polyunsaturated fatty acids are distributed to cells and enriched in cellular membranes, where they influence cellular metabolism and survival. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are involved in various mitochondrial processes including mitochondrial calcium homeostasis, gene expression, respiratory function, ROS production and mitochondrial apoptosis. Therefore, mitochondria play a central role in the mechanisms underlying the protective effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids. The complex mechanisms involved in the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid on mitochondrial actions depend on structural properties, cellular uptake, shuttling and metabolism, competition with intracellular stores as well as inherent properties of fatty acid metabolites. This review will summarize recent findings on the effects of various types of polyunsaturated fatty acids on mitochondria.
Dietary habits and their association with blood pressure among elderly Icelandic people; Objective: Prevalence of hypertension, which is the most common risk factor for cardiovascular disease in elderly people, increases with age. The aim of the study was to investigate the association between diet and blood pressure in elderly Icelanders, with focus on cod liver oil, and to compare their diet to dietary guidelines.
THE RELATIONSHIP OF PLASMA POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID DEFICIENCY WITH SURVIVAL IN ADVANCED LIVER-CIRRHOSIS - MULTIVARIATE-ANALYSIS; Total plasma fatty acids were measured in 101 cirrhotic inpatients (64 men, 37 women, aged 64.3 +/- 1.2 (SEM) yr; range, 34-80) who were subsequently followed for survival for a mean of 14.8 +/- 1.0 months. Data on plasma fatty acids have been published elsewhere. Individual values of these variables were categorized in a binary fashion using the 5th or the 95th percentiles of a group of 44 well-nourished healthy controls (24 men, 20 women, aged 51.3 +/- 2.1 yr; range, 32-76) as the cutoff limit. Forty-nine patients died during follow-up (2-yr cumulative probability of survival, 52%). Deficiency of palmitate, dihomo-tau-linolenate, and arachidonate (values below the 5th percentile) were univariately associated with death (tong-rank test). However, after a multivariate analysis (Cox's proportional hazards regression), only the existence of plasma arachidonate deficiency was included in the final model (beta, 0.62; relative risk, 1.86; 95% CI, 1.06-3.25; p < 0.05). We conclude that arachidonic acid deficiency significantly increases the mortality risk in patients with advanced liver cirrhosis.
Treatment with flaxseed oil induces apoptosis in cultured malignant cells; Flaxseed oil is widely recognized for its exceptional nutritional value, high concentration of fiber-based lignans and large amounts of omega-fatty acids. It is one of a generic group of functional foods that is often taken by cancer patients as a potential treatment. We have examined the anti-cancer effects of flaxseed oil by studying its direct effects on cancer cell growth in vitro. Treatment of a variety of cancer cell lines with flaxseed oil decreased their growth in a dose-dependent manner while non-malignant cell lines showed small increases in cell growth. Cells treated with a mixture of fatty acids, including alpha-linolenic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid and lignans including enterodiol and enterolactone was also able to decrease the growth of cancer cells. Treatment of B16-BL6 murine melanoma and MCF-7 breast cancer cells with flaxseed oil induced apoptosis as determined by changes in cell morphology, annexin V staining, DNA fragmentation and/or caspase activation. In addition, treatment with flaxseed oil also disrupted mitochondrial function in B16-BL6 and MCF-7 cells. These results indicate that flaxseed oil can specifically inhibit cancer cell growth and induce apoptosis in some cancer cells and suggests it has further potential in anti-cancer therapy.
Relationship of plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids to circulating inflammatory markers; Aims: Persons with high intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have lower cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The protective effect of PUFAs is mediated by multiple mechanisms, including their antiinflammatory properties. The association of physiological PUFA levels with pro- and antiinflammatory markers has not been established.
Dietary fish and n-3 fatty acid intake and cardiac electrocardiographic parameters in humans; OBJECTIVES We evaluated the association between dietary fish intake and several cardiac electrocardiographic parameters in humans relevant to arrhythmic risk.
Dietary modulations in the prevention of coronary artery disease: a special emphasis on vitamins and fish oil; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the most common cause of death in most countries. The etiology of CAD is complex, and many risk factors have been described. Traditional risk factors for CAD can only explain about half of the clinical events; therefore, interest in nutritional factors, such as vitamins and fish oil, has been maintained. (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins, Inc.
Nutritional assessment and counseling for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease; Physicians face several barriers to counseling their patients about nutrition, including conflicting evidence of the benefit of counseling, limited training and understanding of the topic, and imperfect and varied guidelines to follow. Because cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death in industrialized nations, family physicians should provide more than pharmacologic interventions. They must identify the patient's dietary habits and attitudes and provide appropriate counseling. Tools are available to help, and a seven-step approach to nutritional therapy for the dyslipidemic patient maybe useful. These steps include recommending increased intake of plant proteins; increased intake of omega-3 fatty acids; modification of the types of oils used in food preparation; decreased intake of saturated and trans-fatty acids; increased intake of whole grains and dietary fiber (especially soluble fiber) and decreased intake of refined grains; modification of alcohol intake, if needed; and regular exercise. Recommendations should be accompanied by patient information handouts presenting acceptable substitutions for currently identified detrimental food choices.
Effect of fish oil on heart rate in humans - A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background - The effect of fish oil on heart rate (HR), a major risk factor for sudden death, is not well established. We calculated this effect in a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, placebo- controlled trials in humans.
Fish Oil N-3 Fatty Acids Increase Adiponectin and Decrease Leptin Levels in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has emerged as an important cause of death in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Reduced adiponectin and elevated leptin levels may contribute to CVD in SLE patients. The purpose of this study was to verify the effects of fish oil (FO) on adiponectin and leptin in patients with SLE. Biochemical and disease activity analysis were performed. Patients with SLE were divided in two groups: patients who used fish oil for four months and patients who did not use fish oil. Patients with SLE who used FO had a significant decrease in SLE disease activity index (SLEDAI) score (p < 0.023) in relation to baseline. SLE patients who used fish oil had increased adiponectin levels (p < 0.026) and decreased leptin levels (p < 0.024) compared to baseline values, whereas there were no differences in adiponectin and leptin levels in patients with SLE who did not use fish oil. In conclusion, the findings of increased serum adiponectin an decreased leptin levels after 120 days in the fish oil group, reinforce the importance of evaluating prospective studies of fish and fish oil fish ingestion on these adipokines in an attempt to decrease cardiovascular risk factors in patients with SLE.
Fish oil - How does it reduce plasma triglycerides?; Long chain omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are effective for reducing plasma triglyceride (TG) levels. At the pharmaceutical dose, 3.4 g/day, they reduce plasma TG by about 25-50% after one month of treatment, resulting primarily from the decline in hepatic very low density lipoprotein (VLDL-TG) production, and secondarily from the increase in VLDL clearance. Numerous mechanisms have been shown to contribute to the TG overproduction, but a key component is an increase in the availability of FAs in the liver. The liver derives FAs from three sources: diet (delivered via chylomicron remnants), de novo lipogenesis, and circulating non-esterified FAs (NEFAs). Of these, NEFAs contribute the largest fraction to VLDL-TG production in both normotriglyceridemic subjects and hypertriglyceridemic, insulin resistant patients. Thus reducing NEFA delivery to the liver would be a likely locus of action for fish oils (FO). The key regulator of plasma NEFA is intracellular adipocyte lipolysis via hormone sensitive lipase (HSL), which increases as insulin sensitivity worsens. FO counteracts intracellular lipolysis in adipocytes by suppressing adipose tissue inflammation. In addition, FO increases extracellular lipolysis by lipoprotein lipase (LpL) in adipose, heart and skeletal muscle and enhances hepatic and skeletal muscle beta-oxidation which contributes to reduced FA delivery to the liver. FO could activate transcription factors which control metabolic pathways in a tissue specific manner regulating nutrient traffic and reducing plasma TG. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Triglyceride Metabolism and Disease. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Green sample pre-treatment technique coupled with UHPLC-MS/MS for the rapid biomonitoring of dietary poly-unsaturated (omega) fatty acids to predict health risks; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consumption indicates beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and physiological processes in humans. However, the inappropriate ratio of omega-(omega)-PUFA levels in human blood is considered as raising the risk of CVD. Therefore, monitoring dietary omega-FAs in human serum is vital for early diagnosis for individuals to predict CVD risk. This work reports a fast green sample pre-treatment protocol for sensitive and simultaneous monitoring of omega-3-FAs and omega-6-FAs in serum by novel in-syringe-based ultrasonication-assisted alkaline hydrolysis coupled with vortex-induced liquid-liquid microextraction (IS-USAH-VILLME) technique connected with UHPLC-MS/MS analysis. Factors affecting extraction recoveries of ten omega-PUFAs by the presented method were well-studied. omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs demonstrated excellent linearities between the concentrations between 0.1-10,000 ng mL(-1) with good regression coefficients between 0.9910-0.9997. The detection and quantification limits were between 0.05-0.35 and 0.16-1.07 ng mL(-1), demonstrating that the presented method is highly sensitive and versatile. The precision of the technique was <8.2% that deemed acceptable in clinical analysis. Further, the proposed method was applied for omega-PUFAs analysis in human blood samples, and spiked recoveries showed between 80.32-119.34% with <9.82% precision. Results proved that the developed method is green, sensitive, and reliable to simultaneously determine ten omega-PUFAs in human blood samples for clinical diagnosis applications for predicting health hazards.
A three-prong strategy to develop functional food using protein isolates recovered from chicken processing by-products with isoelectric solubilization/precipitation; BACKGROUND: Skin-on bone-in chicken drumsticks were processed with isoelectric solubilization/precipitation to recover muscle proteins. The drumsticks were used as a model for dark chicken meat processing by-products. The main objective of this study was conversion of dark chicken meat processing by-products to restructured functional food product. An attempt was made to develop functional food product that would resemble respective product made from boneless skinless chicken breast meat. A three-prong strategy to address diet-driven cardiovascular disease (CVD)with a functional food was used in this study. The strategy included addition of three ingredients with well-documented cardiovascular benefits: (i) omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich oil (flaxseed-algae, 9:1); (ii) soluble fiber; and (iii) salt substitute. Titanium dioxide, potato starch, polyphosphate, and transglutaminase were also added. The batters were formulated and cooked resulting in heat-set gels. RESULTS: Color (L*a*b*), texture (torsion test, Kramer shear test, and texture profile analysis), thermal denaturation (differential scanning calorimetry), and gelation (dynamic rheology) of chicken drumstick gels and chicken breast gels were determined and compared. Chicken drumstick gels generally had comparable color and texture properties to the gels made from chicken breast meat. The endothermic transition (thermal denaturation) of myosin was more pronounced and gelation properties were better for the drumstick gels. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated a feasibility to develop functional food made of muscle proteins recovered with isoelectric solubilization/precipitation from low-value dark chicken meat processing by-products. The functional food developed in this study was enriched with CVD-beneficial nutrients and had comparable instrumental quality attributes to respective products made of chicken breast meat. Although the results of this study point towards the potential for a novel, marketable functional food product, sensory tests and storage stability study are recommended. Copyright (c) 2012 Society of Chemical Industry
Dietary fish oil protects against stretch-induced vulnerability to atrial fibrillation in a rabbit model; Dietary Fish Oil and Atrial Fibrillation.
Health benefits of docosahexaenoic acid and its bioavailability: A review; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the predominant omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid found in human brain and eyes. There are a number of studies in the literature showing the health benefits of DHA. It is critical throughout all life stages from the need for fetal development, the prevention of preterm birth, and the prevention of cardiovascular disease to the improvements in the cognitive function and the eye health of adults and elderly. These benefits might be related to the modulation of gut microbiota by DHA. In addition, there are some discrepancies in the literature regarding certain health benefits of DHA, and this review is intended to explore and understand these discrepancies. Besides the variations in the DHA contents of different supplement sources, bioavailability is crucial for the efficacy of DHA supplements, which depends on several factors. For example, DHA in phospholipid and triglyceride forms are more readily to be absorbed by the body than that in ethyl ester form. In addition, dietary lipids in meals and emulsification of DHA oil can increase the bioavailability of DHA. Estrogens stimulated the biosynthesis of DHA, whereas testosterone stimulus induced a decrease in DHA. The roles of DHA through human lifespan, the sources, and its recommended daily intake in different countries are also discussed to provide a better understanding of the importance of this review.
Beyond LDL-C: unravelling the residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk landscape-focus on hypertriglyceridaemia; Aims Historically, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk profile mitigation has had a predominant focus on low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). In this narrative review we explore the residual ASCVD risk profile beyond LDL-C with a focus on hypertriglyceridaemia, recent clinical trials of therapeutics targeting hypertriglyceridaemia and novel modalities addressing other residual ASCVD risk factors.Findings Hypertriglyceridaemia remains a significant ASCVD risk despite low LDL-C in statin or proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitor-treated patients. Large population-based observational studies have consistently demonstrated an association between hypertriglyceridaemia with ASCVD. This relationship is complicated by the co-existence of low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Despite significantly improving atherogenic dyslipidaemia, the most recent clinical trial outcome has cast doubt on the utility of pharmacologically lowering triglyceride concentrations using fibrates. On the other hand, purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), but not in combination with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), has produced favourable ASCVD outcomes. The outcome of these trials suggests alternate pathways involved in ASCVD risk modulation. Several other pharmacotherapies have been proposed to address other ASCVD risk factors targeting inflammation, thrombotic and metabolic factors.Implications Hypertriglyceridaemia poses a significant residual ASCVD risk in patients already on LDL-C lowering therapy. Results from pharmacologically lowering triglyceride are conflicting. The role of fibrates and combination of EPA and DHA is under question but there is now convincing evidence of ASCVD risk reduction with pure EPA in a subgroup of patients with hypertriglyceridaemia. Clinical guidelines should be updated in line with recent clinical trials evidence. Novel agents targeting non-conventional ASCVD risks need further evaluation.
Triglycerides and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins in the development and progression of atherosclerosis; Purpose of review
Assessing Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Essentiality in Florida Pompano; We evaluated the growth performance and fatty acid composition of juvenile Florida Pompano Trachinotus carolinus that were fed diets containing different combinations of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to assess the relative importance of C-18 PUFAs and long-chain (LC) PUFAs in meeting the essential fatty acid requirements of this species. Juvenile fish (mean +/- SD =47.4 +/- 0.6 g/fish) were fed diets containing different combinations of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs: a positive control containing menhaden fish oil, a negative control containing hydrogenated soybean oil, and experimental diets containing hydrogenated soybean oil amended with ethyl esters of 18:3(n-3); 18:3(n-3) and 18:2(n-6); 22:6(n-3); 22:6(n-3) and 20:4(n-6); or 20:5(n-3), 22:6(n-3), and 20:4(n-6). After 7 weeks, weight gain, feed conversion ratio, and specific growth rate were significantly greater among fish that were fed the positive control feed in comparison with those that received the negative control feed. The addition of n-3 and/or n-6 PUFAs to the negative control formulation did not significantly improve performance in any case, although numeric improvements observed for weight gain and feed conversion ratio appeared to suggest some advantage from providing a complement of both n-3 and n-6 LC-PUFAs in the diet. Fatty acid composition varied significantly between all tissues, generally reflecting dietary fatty acid profiles. Tissue fatty acid profiles suggest that Florida Pompano have some ability to elongate and desaturate fatty acids and may be able to survive on diets containing C-18 PUFAs, but they perform optimally when provided with LC-PUFAs directly.
Effects of improved fat meat products consumption on emergent cardiovascular disease markers of male volunteers at cardiovascular risk; High meat-product consumption has been related to cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, previous results suggest the benefits of consuming improved fat meat products on lipoprotein-cholesterol and anthropometric measurements. Present study aims to assess the effect of consuming different PA cent t, and Frankfurter formulations on emergent CVD biomarkers in male volunteers at increased CVD risk. Eighteen male volunteers with at least two CVD risk factors were enrolled in a sequentially controlled study where different pork-products were tested: reduced-fat (RF), omega-3-enriched-RF (n-3RF), and normal-fat (NF). Pork-products were consumed during 4-week periods separated by 4-week washout. The cardiometabolic index (CI), oxidized low density lipoproteins (oxLDL), apolipoproteins (Apo) A1 and B, homocysteine (tHcys), arylesterase (AE), C-reactive Protein (CRP), tumor necrotic factor-alpha (TNF alpha), and lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)) were tested and some other related ratios calculated. AE, oxLDL and Lp(a), AE/HDLc, LDLc/Apo B, and AE/oxLDL rate of change were differently affected (P < 0.01) by pork-products consumption. RF increased (P < 0.05) AE, AE/HDLc and AE/oxLDL ratios and decreased TNF alpha, tHcys; n-3RF increased (P < 0.001) AE, AE/HDLc and AE/oxLDL ratios and decreased (P < 0.05) Lp(a); while NF increased (P < 0.05) oxLDL and Lp(a) levels. In conclusion, RF and n-3RF products affected positively the level of some emergent CVD markers. The high regular consumption of NF-products should be limited as significantly increased Lp(a) and oxLDL values. The high variability in response observed for some markers suggests the need to perform more studies to identify targets for RF- and n-3RF-products.
<i>Trans</i>, and <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vascular function -: A yin yang situation?; Trans fatty acids (TFA) and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have opposite effects on several biological functions. We report a study on the effects on risk markers for cardiovascular disease. Eighty-seven healthy males were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of daily intake of either 20 of industrially produced TFA (IP-TFA), 4 g n-3 PUFA, or control fat, incorporated in bakery products as part of the daily food.
Recent trends in the advanced analysis of bioactive fatty acids; The consumption of dietary fats have been long associated to chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, cancer, arthritis, asthma, and cardiovascular disease: although some controversy still exists in the role of dietary fats in human health, certain fats have demonstrated their positive effect in the modulation of abnormal fatty acid and eicosanoid metabolism, both of them associated to chronic diseases. Among the different fats. some fatty acids can be used as functional ingredients such as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid (CIA), stearidonic acid (STA) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), among others. The present review is focused on recent developments in FAs analysis, covering sample preparation methods such as extraction, fractionation and derivatization as well as new advances in chromatographic methods such as GC and HPLC. Special attention is paid to trans fatty acids due its increasing interest for the food industry. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) levels in patients with cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) with and without depression; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are commonly comorbid with depression and vice versa. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been suggested to mediate in CVDs and depression in cross-sectional and observational studies. With the patients of CVDs, we investigated the role of depression on the effect of PUFAs. Methods: Forty-four patients with CVDs were recruited and assessed with Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD). Patients' CVDs markers were measured by electrocardiogram and their red blood cell (RBC) samples were collected for PUFAs analyses. Results: The data of 44 subjects were analyzed; where 10 participants (23%) with CVDs had moderate or severe depression, defined by a HAMD score more than 19 points. The moderate depression group had lower docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), omega-3 (N3) and omega-6(N6) to N3 (N6/N3) ratio than non-depression group (HAMD score less than 8), while no differences between the 2 groups in terms of corrected QT (QTc) intervals and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) levels. Furthermore, when we analyzed the data with an inclusion of a more heterogeneous depression group, where HAMD score is greater than or equal to 10 (mild depression group, N-24), the differences in PUFAs levels between the 2 groups disappear. Secondary analysis of the moderate depression group showed a positive correlation between DHA, N3 PUFAs, and N6/N3 ratio and total HAMD scores, a positive correlation between N3 PUFAs and QTc intervals in non-depression group. Conclusion: Moderate depression group of patients with CVDs had lower levels of DHA, N3, and N6/N3 ratio than non-depression group, while both groups had no differences in QTc and hsCRP. On the other hand, the differences in PUFAs levels disappear in the mild depression group after inclusion of patients with CVDs with greater heterogeneity of depression. Hence, the role of N3 PUFAs is implicated in depression of patients with CVDs if the depression status is more strictly defined. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Supplementation with omega fatty acids in various diseases; For some decades, an increase in propagation of coronary heart disease, obesity, diabetes, tumors and mental disorders has been observed. Consequently, new and effective methods of treatment of these diseases using drugs and diet supplements have been developed. A promising solution is the use of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of some diseases.
Changes in <i>PTGS1</i> and <i>ALOX12</i> Gene Expression in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells Are Associated with Changes in Arachidonic Acid, Oxylipins, and Oxylipin/Fatty Acid Ratios in Response to Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation; Introduction
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on major coronary events in hypercholesterolaemic patients (JELIS): a randomised openlabel, blinded endpoint analysis; Background Epidemiological and clinical evidence suggests that an increased intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids protects against mortality from coronary artery disease. We aimed to test the hypothesis that long-term use of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is effective for prevention of major coronary events in hypercholesterolaemic patients in Japan who consume a large amount of fish.
The antiatherogenic, renal protective and immunomodulatory effects of purslane, pumpkin and flax seeds on hypercholesterolemic rats; Background: Atherosclerosis remains one of the leading causes of death all over the world. Flax, pumpkin and purslane seeds are rich sources of unsaturated fatty acids, antioxidants and fibers, known to have antiatherogenic activities. Aims: This study was to examine the efficiency of using either flax/pumpkin or purslane/pumpkin seed mixture (components of omega-3 and omega-6) on hyperlipidemia, kidney function and as immunomodulators in rats fed high cholesterol diets. Materials and Methods: 40 male albino rats were divided into four groups: control group, hypercholesterolemic rats, fed the balanced diet supplemented with cholesterol at a dose level of 2g/100 g diet; the other two groups of animals fed the same previous hypercholesterolemic diet supplemented with either flax/pumpkin seed mixture or pumpkin/purslane seed mixture at ratio of (511) (omega-3 and omega-6). Results The present study showed that 2% cholesterol administration caused a significant increase in total cholesterol, total lipids, and triacylglycerol in both serum and liver. Serum phospholipids, LDL-C, and atherogenic index Al also significantly increased compared to control group. Cholesterol-enriched diet significantly increased serum urea, creatinine, sodium and potassium levels as well as significantly increased serum lgG and 1gM compared to healthy control. Consumption of flax/pumpkin or purslane/pumpkin seed mixtures by hypercholesterolemic rats resulted in a significantly decrement in lipid parameters and significant improvement in lgG and 1gM levels as compared with hypercholesterolemic rats. Conclusion: Our results suggests that both flax/pumpkin and purslane/pumpkin seed mixtures had anti-atherogenic hypolipidemic and immunmodulator effects which were probably mediated by unsaturated fatty acids (including alpha linolenic acid) present in seed mixture.
Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids as inflammation-modulating and lipid homeostasis influencing nutraceuticals: A review; The present review summarizes the underlying biochemical and molecular mechanisms that can explain cardioprotective effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and their competition with arachidonic acid as a substrate of cyclooxygenase COX-2 and lipoxygenase 5-LOX, and modulation of the signaling pathways of the transcription factors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR), sterol-response element binding protein (SREBP) and nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B). Consequences, namely decreased production of pro-inflammatory eicosanoids and cytokines, stimulation of beta-oxidation, inhibition of fatty acid synthesis and down-regulation of the genes coding for enzymes of cholesterol synthesis and uptake are reviewed. Factors influencing responses of an organism to EPA/DHA intake are discussed and these include species, sex, dose and time interval of administration. Examples of food enrichment with EPA + DHA are presented under consideration of a low efficiency of conversion of alpha-linolenic acid to EPA (DHA). (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
OMEGA-3 AND OMEGA-6 PUFAS HAVE DIFFERENT EFFECTS ON THE PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF RAT MYOCARDIAL MUSCLE WHEN ADDED TO A SATURATED FATTY-ACID DIETARY-SUPPLEMENT; Changes in the type of dietary lipid intake can alter the fatty acid composition of cardiac membrane phospholipids. Generally these changes reflect the fatty acid composition of the diet, but important metabolic alterations also occur. These metabolic alterations between fatty acids are influenced by competition for common metabolic pathways of conversion. However, the efficacy of omega-3 PUFA's is much greater than that of omega-6 PUFA's as a relatively small amount of fish oil added to a diet rich in saturated animal fats was most effective in changing membrane composition. Conversely almost total substitution of saturated fatty acids by omega-6 PUFA's was required to significantly alter cardiac membrane fatty acid profiles. These results agree with the difference in physiological efficacies of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA's noted previously, and strengthen the view that dietary lipids can influence cardiac function via changes in membrane fatty acid composition.
INFLUENCE OF A CONCENTRATED ETHYLESTER COMPOUND OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON LIPIDS, PLATELETS AND COAGULATION IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING CORONARY-BYPASS SURGERY; Twenty patients accepted for coronary bypass surgery were randomized to receive either a concentrated ethylester compound of n-3 fatty acids, with a daily dose of 3.15 g of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and 1.89 g of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), or corn oil (controls) in a double blind study, to evaluate the effect on lipids, platelets and coagulation during the pre- and postoperative phase.
Clinical, randomized, double blind clinical trial to study the effect of parenteral supplementation with fish oil emulsion in the nutritional support in esophagectomized patients; Introduction: Esophagectomy is a major surgery with a high degree of catabolic and post-surgical inflammatory response accompanied by high morbidity and significant mortality. Post-surgical nutritional support via enteral administration of omega-3 fatty acids has been seen to be effective although its bad tolerance. There are few clinical trials with parenteral omega-3 fatty acids in these patients. We propose to investigate the effect of combining a parenteral fish oil lipid emulsion with the standard enteral nutrition (EN) support.
ACUTE EFFECTS OF UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN SPLANCHNIC ARTERY-OCCLUSION SHOCK; Diets enriched with omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids are associated with decreased hypercholesterolemia and decreased risk of ischemic and atherosclerotic diseases. We studied the acute intravascular effects of some of these unsaturated fatty acids (i.e., eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) along with omega-6 unsaturated fatty acids, (i.e., linoleic and linolenic acid) in splanchnic artery occlusion (SAO) shock in rats. Anesthetized rats subjected to total occlusion of the  celiac and superior mesenteric arteries for 40 minutes followed by reperfusion usually resulted in a fatal outcome 90-120 minutes after releasing the clamps. SAO shock rats treated with the omega-3 unsaturated fatty acid, EPA, exhibited an improved survival time and rate (p < 0.05 from vehicle) compared to those receiving only vehicle (i.e., 50% ethanol). EPA and DHA treated SAO rats also exhibited lower plasma activities of the lysosomal protease, cathepsin D, free amino-nitrogen compounds,  and the cardiotoxic peptide, myocardial depressant factor. These results indicate that omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids, especially EPA, have some acute beneficial effects in SAO shock in rats.
Glu298Asp polymorphism influences the beneficial effects of fish oil fatty acids on postprandial vascular function; Our objective was to determine whether the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) Glu298Asp polymorphism influences vascular response to raised NEFA enriched with saturated fatty acids (SFA) or long-chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Subjects were prospectively recruited for genotype (Glu298, n = 30 and Asp298, n = 29; balanced for age and gender) consumed SFA on two occasions, with and without the substitution of 0.07 g fat/kg body weight with LC n-3 PUFA, and with heparin infusion to elevate NEFA. Endothelial function was measured before and after NEFA elevation (240 min), with blood samples taken every 30 min. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD) decreased following SFA alone and increased following SFA+LC n-3 PUFA. There were 2-fold differences in the change in FMD response to the different fat loads between the Asp298 and Glu298 genotypes (P = 0.002) and between genders (P < 0.02). Sodium nitroprusside-induced reactivity, measured by laser Doppler imaging with iontophoresis, was significantly greater with SFA+LC n-3 PUFA in all female subjects (P < 0.001) but not in males. Elevated NEFA influences both endothelial-dependent and endothelial-independent vasodilation during the postprandial phase. Effects of fat composition appear to be genotype and gender dependent, with the greatest difference in vasodilatory response to the two fat loads seen in the Asp298 females.-Thompson, A. K., K. J. Newens, K. G. Jackson, J. Wright, and C. M. Williams. Glu298Asp polymorphism influences the beneficial effects of fish oil fatty acids on postprandial vascular function. J. Lipid Res. 2012. 53: 2205-2213.
Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid incorporation into human atrium following fish oil supplementation; Recent studies have demonstrated that long-chain n-3 PUFA (LCn-3PUFA) are beneficial in reducing the risk of cardiac arrhythmias. This study was conducted to determine the extent of incorporation of LCn-3PUFA into human atrium following Supplementation with a fish oil concentrate high in LCn-3PUFA. Volunteers preparing for coronary bypass surgery were randomized either to the treatment group (n = 8), receiving 6 g/d of fish oil concentrate (4.4 g of LCn-3PUFA), or the placebo group (n = 9), receiving 6 g/d of olive oil for a minimum period of 6 wk. Blood samples were collected prior to commencement of treatment, and preoperatively before bypass surgery. Atrial biopsies were obtained during surgery. The plasma and atrium samples were analyzed by GC following trans-methylation to determine FA profile. Post-supplementation, the treatment group had significantly higher plasma levels of 20:5n-3, 22:5n-3, and 22:6n-3 than the placebo group. Analysis of the atrium total lipids revealed a significant increase in the proportion of 20:5n-3 following fish oil supplementation. There was no significant difference in the concentration of 22:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 in the atrium total lipids; however, an upward trend was observed in subjects receiving fish oil supplementation. In the phospholipid fraction of the atrium, both 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 increased, whereas 20:4n-6 levels decreased. This study demonstrates for the first time that short-term supplementation with fish oil concentrate results in significant incorporation of LCn-3PUFA with a concomitant depletion of the eicosanoid substrate (20:4n-6) in the human atrium.
Gemfibrozil lowers plasma lipids and increases polyunsaturated fatty acid content and oxidative susceptibility of lipoproteins in hypertriglyceridemia; Background: Gemfibrozil is an effective drug in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and its effects on morbidity and mortality seem out of proportion to its lipid lowering actions. There is considerable interest in its potential effects on lipoprotein fatty acid composition and consequent effect on oxidative susceptibility. Experimental results are not conclusive regarding whether gemfibrozil alters lipid composition or oxidative susceptibility of lipoproteins in humans. Here we investigate this question using different methodology than employed in previous investigations. Methods: Eleven hypertriglyceridemic individuals completed a 12-week course of gemfibrozil therapy (600 mg twice daily) intended to primarily evaluate a new way of assessing lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in relation to changes in the fatty acid profile. We measured susceptibility of lipoproteins in the plasma macromolecule fraction to copper-mediated oxidation. In addition, plasma lipids were separated into phospholipid (PL), cholesterol ester (CE) and triglyceride (TG) fractions and the fatty acid composition of these classes determined by gas-liquid chromatography. The relation between changes in lipid concentration, fatty acid composition and oxidative parameters (principally lag time) was examined by correlational analysis. Results: Triglyceride concentrations and total cholesterol concentrations responded appropriately to gemfibrozil (lowered by 55% and 15%, respectively). Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion increased significantly in cholesterol ester and phospholipid fractions of plasma lipids at the expense of saturated fatty acids (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA). Oxidative parameters also changed significantly. Lag time (LT) and maximal extent of oxidation showed the most significant changes. Lag tune, the principle measure of lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation, was decreased by gemfibrozil. The increase in polyunsaturated fatty acid content in phospholipid and cholesterol ester significantly correlated with decreased lag time. Conclusion: These data support the notion that gemfibrozil increases the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids in plasma lipids and that this increase is associated with an increase in lipoprotein oxidative susceptibilty as measured by lag time in hypertriglyceridemia. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Association between the metabolic profile of serum fatty acids and diabetic nephropathy: a study conducted in northeastern China; Background and purpose: With the progressive increase in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), diabetic nephropathy (DN) - one of the most common chronic microvascular complications - has evolved into a significant cause of death worldwide among end-stage renal disease patients. Academic researchers have for decades focused on the development of DN and recently found that free fatty acids (FFAs) constituted an independent risk factor for vascular complications in T2DM patients. It is therefore critical to determine whether the metabolic profile of FFAs is related to DN. Methods: This study comprised 611 research subjects in Dalian, a city in northeast China: 52 DN patients, 115 T2DM patients, and 444 healthy controls. We determined 15 forms of serum FFAs, including arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6), erucic acid (C22:1), nervonic acid (NA, C24:1), estimated total omega-3s, total omega-6s, the omega-3/omega-6 ratio, and total FFA content by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). Results: The levels of NA (mean = 45.27, range = 0.84-76.57) and DHA (mean = 324.58, range = 205.38-450.03) in DN patients were slightly lower than those in T2DM patients or healthy controls. The serum omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) DHA (C22:6) was significantly negatively correlated with microalbuminuria (MAU), the albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR), body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). The serum monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) NA (C24:1) was significantly negatively correlated with BMI, FPG, and HbA1c. After adjustment of variables, multiple logistic regression analysis revealed significant odds ratios (ORs) [with confidence intervals (CIs)] for DHA (0.991, 0.985-0.997; p = 0.002) and NA (0.978, 0.958-0.999; p = 0.037). Conclusion: In this study, we ascertained that the contents of NA and DHA in patients with DN were relatively low, and that DHA was negatively correlated with MAU and the ACR. However, large-scale, population-based studies focusing on the role of NA and DHA in the pathogenesis of DN are still required in the future.
Long-term Outcomes of Adding Lutein/Zeaxanthin and ω-3 Fatty Acids to the AREDS Supplements on Age-Related Macular Degeneration Progression AREDS2 Report 28; IMPORTANCE After the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (ARED52) study, the beta carotene component was replaced by lutein/zeaxanthin for the development of the revised AREDS supplement. However, it is unknown if the increased risk of lung cancer observed in those assigned beta carotene persists beyond the conclusion of the AREDS2 trial and if there is a benefit of adding lutein/zeaxanthin to the original AREDS supplement that can be observed with long-term follow-up.
Long-term fish consumption is associated with protection against arrhythmia in healthy persons in a Mediterranean region - The ATTICA study; Background: Dietary habits have long been associated with many manifestations of cardiovascular disease. Objective: We sought to investigate whether a diet enriched with fish and n-3 fatty acid consumption are associated with changes in the potential duration of the electrical action, as represented by the QT duration on a resting electrocardiogram, in a population-based sample of Greek adults.
Icosapent Ethyl - A Successful Treatment for Symptomatic COVID-19 Infection; COVID-19 is a fatal, universal pandemic caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus that has directly caused at least 95,235 deaths in the US by May 2020. It has a poor prognosis with a mortality rate as high as 21% in the general population at the height of the pandemic, a rate that is much higher in elderly patients, as well as those requiring intensive care unit (ICU) care. The role of inflammation in symptomatic COVID-19 is being studied, and it is hypothesized that hyper-inflammation is a causative factor in severe COVID-19 disease. Treatment options are limited and mostly rely on supportive care.
The Preventable Causes of Death in the United States: Comparative Risk Assessment of Dietary, Lifestyle, and Metabolic Risk Factors; Background: Knowledge of the number of deaths caused by risk factors is needed for health policy and priority setting. Our aim was to estimate the mortality effects of the following 12 modifiable dietary, lifestyle, and metabolic risk factors in the United States (US) using consistent and comparable methods: high blood glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and blood pressure; overweight-obesity; high dietary trans fatty acids and salt; low dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega-3 fatty acids (seafood), and fruits and vegetables; physical inactivity; alcohol use; and tobacco smoking.
Use of n-3 fatty acid-containing lipid emulsions in the Intensive Care Unit environment: the clinician's view; Recent advances in clinical nutrition include the combination of caloric support and modulation of the immune system ('immunonutrition'). For a long time, dietary n-3 lipids have been used for their potential to reduce the activity of inflammatory diseases. In an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) setting there is often a need for parenteral nutrition in patients with acute inflammatory diseases such as sepsis and adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). The underlying mechanism of these diseases is a hyperinflammatory response with exaggerated leukocyte activity, consecutive microcirculatory disorders and secondary organ damage. The therapy of these patients is hampered by the fact that hyperinflammatory [systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS)] and hypoinflammatory phases [compensatory anti-response syndrome (CARS)] can alternate during the disease progress. For that reason a broad spectrum of anti-inflammatory agents has failed to improve mortality in septic patients: while effectively antagonising the hyperinflammatory response during SIRS they further reduce the antimicrobial defence capacity during CARS. An anti-inflammatory cytokine that is beneficial during early sepsis may be deleterious when given during late sepsis. Recently, n-3 lipid emulsions became available as a new approach combining nutrition and pharmacological effects. Dietary n-3 fatty acids may not be suitable under septic conditions to ameliorate inflammation as months are needed for a maximum effect. In contrast, parenteral infusions of synthetic lipids markedly overcome kinetics and extent of dietary substitution. Using n-3 lipids for parenteral nutrition, hyperinflammatory events in the course of sepsis may be mitigated and the consecutive anti-inflammatory phase may be avoidable. As n-3 fatty acids interfere with transmembrane signalling events they seem to be effective in reducing hyper-reactivity in both extremes. Due to this feature n-3 lipids inhibit the uncontrolled release of the defensive leukocyte arsenal ('wasted leukocyte response') and redirect the host-defence against invading microbes. (C) 2002, Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dietary α-linolenic fatty acid derived from chia when fed as ground seed, whole seed and oil on lipid content and fatty acid composition of rat plasma; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the most common cause of death in the Western world. In both the USA and the EU it accounts for over 600,000 deaths yearly. Early data showing the benefits n-3 fatty acids provide in preventing CHD disease were obtained using 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 fatty acids derived from fish. Recently, however, it has been shown that reduced risks of CHD and other cardiovascular diseases are found with 18:3n-3 fatty acid as well. To determine if 18:3n-3 fatty acids positively influence plasma composition, 32 male Wistar rats were fed ad libitum four isocaloric diets with the energy derived from corn oil (T-1), whole chia seed (T-2), ground chia seed (T-3), or chia oil (T-4) for 30 days. At the end of the feeding period the rats were sacrificed, and blood samples were analyzed to determine serum CHOL, HDL, LDL, TG content, hemogram, and fatty acid composition. Chia decreased serum TG content and increased HDL content. Only with the T-2 diet was TG significantly (p < 0.05) lower, and only with the T-3 diet was HDL significantly (p < 0.05) higher, than the control diet. Chia significantly (p < 0.05) increased the 18:3n-3, 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3 plasma contents compared to the control diet, with no significant (p < 0.05) difference among chia diets detected. Significant (p < 0.05) improvement in n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio was observed for all chia diets when compared to the control. Copyright (c) 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid regulation of gene expression; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), specifically the n-3 series, have been implicated in the prevention of various human diseases, including obesity, diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, and inflammatory and neurologic diseases. PUFAs function mainly by altering membrane lipid composition, cellular metabolism, signal transduction, and regulation of gene expression. PUFAs regulate the expression of genes in various tissues, including the liver, heart, adipose tissue, and brain. The role of transcription factors such as SREBP1c and nuclear receptors such as PPAR-alpha, HNF-4alpha, and LXRalpha in mediating the nuclear effects of PUFAs are addressed.
Plasma homoarginine, arginine, asymmetric dimethylarginine and total homocysteine interrelationships in rheumatoid arthritis, coronary artery disease and peripheral artery occlusion disease; Elevated circulating concentrations of total l-homocysteine (thCys) and free asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) are long-established cardiovascular risk factors. Low circulating l-homoarginine (hArg) concentrations were recently found to be associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The biochemical pathways of these amino acids overlap and share the same cofactor S-adenosylmethionine (SAM). In the present study, we investigated potential associations between hArg, l-arginine (Arg), ADMA and thCys in plasma of patients suffering from rheumatoid arthritis (RA), coronary artery disease (CAD) or peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD). In RA, we did not find any correlation between ADMA or hArg and thCys at baseline (n = 100) and after (n = 83) combined add-on supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin E, vitamin A, copper, and selenium, or placebo (soy oil). ADMA correlated with Arg at baseline (r = 0.446, P < 0.001) and after treatment (r = 0.246, P = 0.03). hArg did not correlate with ADMA, but correlated with Arg before (r = 0.240, P = 0.02) and after treatment (r = 0.233, P = 0.03). These results suggest that hArg, ADMA and Arg are biochemically familiar with each other, but unrelated to hCys in RA. In PAOD and CAD, ADMA and thCys did not correlate.
n-3 Fatty acids and lipoproteins: Comparison of results from human and animal studies; The impact of n-3 fatty acids (FA) on blood lipoprotein levels has been examined in many studies over the last 15 yr in both animals and humans. Studies in humans first demonstrated the potent triglyceride-lowering effect of n-3 FA, and these were followed up with animal studies to unravel the mechanism of action. This paper reviews the reported effects of n-3 FA on blood lipoproteins in 72 placebo-controlled human trials, at least 2 wk in length and providing 7 or less g of n-3 FA/day. Trials in normolipidemic subjects (triglycerides <2.0 mM; 177 mg/dL) were compared to those in hypertriglyceridemic patients (triglycerides greater than or equal to 2.0 mM). In the healthy subjects, mean triglyceride levels decreased by 25% (P < 0.0001), and total cholesterol (C) levels increased by 2% (P < 0.009) due to the combined increases in low density lipoprotein (LDL)-C (4%, P < 0.02) and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-C (3%, P < 0.008). In the patients, triglyceride levels decreased by 28% (P < 0.0001), LDL-C rose by 7% (P < 0.0001), but neither total C nor HDL-C changed significantly. Although the effect on triglyceride levels is also observed in rats and swine, it is rarely seen in mice, rabbits, monkeys, dogs, and hamsters. Whereas n-3 FA have only a minor impact on lipoprotein C levels in humans, they often markedly lower both total C and HDL-C levels in animals, especially monkeys. These differences are not widely appreciated and must be taken into account when studying the effects of n-3 FA on lipoprotein metabolism.
Fish oil replacement prevents, while docosahexaenoic acid-derived protectin DX mitigates end-stage-renal-disease in atherosclerotic diabetic mice; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) remains the major cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). We used high-fat/high-sucrose (HFHS)-fed LDLr-/- /ApoB(100/100) mice with transgenic overexpression of IGFII in pancreatic beta-cells (LRKOB100/IGFII) as a model of ESRD to test whether dietary long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids LC omega 3FA-rich fish oil (FO) could prevent ESRD development. We further evaluated the potential of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-derived pro-resolving lipid mediators, 17-hydroxy-DHA (17-HDHA) and Protectin DX (PDX), to reverse established ESRD damage. HFHS-fed vehicle-treated LRKOB100/IGFII mice developed severe kidney dysfunction leading to ESRD, as revealed by advanced glomerular fibrosis and mesangial expansion along with reduced percent survival. The kidney failure outcome was associated with cardiac dysfunction, revealed by reduced heart rate and prolonged diastolic and systolic time. Dietary FO prevented kidney damage, lean mass loss, cardiac dysfunction, and death. 17-HDHA reduced podocyte foot process effacement while PDX treatment alleviated kidney fibrosis and mesangial expansion as compared to vehicle treatment. Only PDX therapy was effective at preserving the heart function and survival rate. These results show that dietary LC omega 3FA intake can prevent ESRD and cardiac dysfunction in LRKOB100/IGFII diabetic mice. Our data further reveals that PDX can protect against renal failure and cardiac dysfunction, offering a potential new therapeutic strategy against ESRD.
Dietary fatty acids, hemostasis, and cardiovascular disease risk; The cause of many myocardial infarctions is occlusive thrombosis, or a blood clot that stops blood flow in a coronary artery. Hemostasis involves a complex system of factors, which normally form and degrade blood clots, that work within a delicate balance. Emerging evidence suggests that some hemostatic factors, including factor VII, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, are associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Accumulating evidence suggests a relationship between dietary fatty acids and emerging hemostatic CVD risk factors, although much of this evidence is incomplete or conflicting. Dietary supplementation with marine n-3 fatty acids prolongs bleeding time and may decrease risk for thrombosis. Factor VII coagulant activity modestly decreases with reductions in saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake and thereby may contribute to the beneficial effects of low SFA diets. Large triglyceride-rich particles formed during postprandial lipemia can support the assembly and function of coagulation complexes and seem to play a role in the activation of factor VII, and thus may partially explain increased CVD risk associated with increased postprandial triglyceridemia: As our understanding of the role of dietary fatty acids and hemostasis evolves, it is likely that we will be able to make specific dietary recommendations to further decrease CVD risk. At this juncture, however, increasing marine n-3 fatty acids and decreasing certain SFAs are leading strategies to reduce hemostatic CVD risk factors. An array of dietary strategies that target multiple CVD risk factors could have a greater impact on CVD than a single risk factor intervention strategy.
Fish, Fish-Derived n-3 Fatty Acids, and Risk of Incident Atrial Fibrillation in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study; Background: Results of observational and experimental studies investigating the association between intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and risk of atrial fibrillation (AF) have been inconsistent.
Altered properties of high density lipoprotein subfractions in obese subjects; Human HDL are heterogeneous in their metabolism and comprise small, nascent pre-beta-HDL and mole mature alpha-HDL. Evidence exists that pre-beta(1)-HDL is the initial acceptor of cellular free cholesterol, which then transfers sequentially to other pre-beta species and then, after esterification, into alpha-HDL. As HDL particles are themselves transformed during this process, we postulated that in disorders in which HDL-cholesterol is low, such as obesity, the distribution of HDL particles may be disturbed. In this study, we analyzed the HDL profile in 23 obese and 18 lean subjects, and further investigated the effects of dietary change in 15 obese subjects. HDL were separated by two-dimensional nondenaturing electrophoresis and the apoA-I content in each fraction was quantified, alpha(1)-HDL in obese subjects was significantly lower (P < 0.001) and alpha(2)-, alpha(3)-, and pre-beta(1)-HDL were significantly higher (P < 0.05 for alpha(2)-HDL, P < 0.001 for alpha(3)- and pre-beta(1)-HDL) than in lean subjects. On stepwise regression analysis, body mass index accounted for 52% (negatively) of the variance in alpha(1)-HDL and for 16% and 33% (positively) for the variances in alpha(3)- and pre-beta(1)-HDL, respectively. alpha(1)- and pre-beta(3)-HDL increased significantly after low-fat, oleic acid-rich, or alpha-linolenic acid-rich diets. The profile of alpha-HDL particles and also of pre-beta-HDL, particles therefore shifted to smaller species in obese subjects, and this was influenced by dietary fat. Increased pre-beta(1)-HDL-apoA-I in obese subjects is likely to derive from increased HDL catabolism but may also reflect diminished transformation of pre-beta(1)- to pre-beta(2)-HDL which might reduce capacity for reverse cholesterol transport and partly explain lower HDL-cholesterol levels.
Dietary PUFA and flavonoids as deterrents for environmental pollutants; Various nutrients and plant-derived phytochemicals are associated with a reduced risk of many diet-related chronic diseases including cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, arthritis and osteoporosis. A common theme that links many chronic diseases is uncontrolled inflammation. The long-chain (LC) omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and flavonoids are known to possess anti-inflammatory actions in cell cultures, animal models and humans. Minimizing the condition of persistent inflammation has been a primary aim for drug development, but understanding how food components attenuate this process is at the nexus for improving the human condition. The prevalence of environmental toxins such as heavy metals and organics that contribute to diminished levels of antioxidants likely aggravates inflammatory states when intakes of omega-3 PUFA and flavonoids are marginal. Scientists at Purdue University have formed a collaboration to better understand the metabolism and physiology of flavonoids. This new effort is focused on determining how candidate flavonoids and their metabolites affect gene targets of inflammation in cell culture and animal models. The challenge of this research is to understand how LC omega-3 PUFA and flavonoids affect the biology of inflammation. The goal is to determine how nutrients and phytochemicals attenuate chronic inflammation associated with a number of diet-related diseases that occur throughout the life cycle. The experimental approach involves molecular, biochemical and physiological endpoints of aging, cancer, obesity and musculoskeletal diseases. Examples include investigations on the combined effects of PUFA and cyanidins on inflammatory markers in cultures of human cancer cells. The actions of catechins and PUFA on muscle loss and osteopenia are being studied in a rodent model of disuse atrophy to explain how muscle and bone communicate to prevent tissue loss associated with injury, disease and aging. The purpose of this review is to introduce the concept for studying food components that influence inflammation and how LC omega-3 PUFA and flavonoids could be used therapeutically against inflammation that is mediated by environmental pollutants. (c) 2007 Published by Elsevier Inc.
A single administration of fish oil inhibits the acute inflammatory response in rats; Objective: To investigate the anti inflammatory effects of a single administration of fish oil (FO) on the acute inflammatory response. Methods: The paw edema and pleurisy models were used to evaluate the effects of FO dissolved in olive oil (FOP) orally administered in a single dose in rats. Nitric oxide (NO) concentrations in the pleural exudate were performed according to the Griess method and the cyrokine concentrations were determined by Luminex bead-based multiplex assay. Results: FOP treatment (30 and 300 mg/kg) significantly reduced paw edema. FOP treatment at 18.75, 37.5,75.0, 150.0, and 300 mg/kg decreased both the volume of pleural exudate and cellular migration into the pleural cavity and each of these doses presented the same effectiveness. Treatment with FOP (300 nig/kg) reduced NO, TNF-alpha, IL-I beta, and IL-6 concentrations in the pleural exudate. Conclusions: The present data provide evidence that FO has inhibitory effects on the acute inflammatory response when administered in a single dose in rats. This effect might be attributable to a direct inhibitory effect of FO on the production or release of inflammatory mediators that are involved in the pathological processes evaluated herein.
<i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 ratio of dietary fatty acids rather than hypercholesterolemia as the major risk factor for atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease; Classic lipid nutrition for the prevention of chronic, elderly-onset diseases was apparently established before 1960, assuming that hypercholesterolemia is the major risk factor and that raising the polyunsaturated/saturated (P/S) ratio of dietary fatty acids is hypocholesterolemic. However, the hypocholesterolemic effect of linoleic acid (LA) was found to be transient. Furthermore, hypercholesterolemia itself is unlikely to be a serious risk factor for diseases in the elderly because serum cholesterol level is positively correlated with longevity. Instead, a high n-6/n-3 ratio of dietary fatty acids was found to increase thrombotic tendency, decrease peripheral blood flow and lead to persistent inflammation, which was proposed to be the major risk factor for atherosclerosis and related diseases. Based on animal experiments and epidemiological studies, we recommend a reduction in the intake of LA from a current value of >6 en% to half, and a reduced n-6/n-3 ratio from the current value of >4 to 2. Simply decreasing LA intake would produce the recommended n-6 and n-3 fatty acid balance in Japan due to the typical Japanese diet, but both decreasing the intake of LA and increasing that of n-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), is necessary in Western industrialized countries for the effective prevention of atherosclerosis and related diseases, as well as of apoplexy, allergic hyper-reactivity and cancers typical in Western populations.
Fat and fatty acids - a scoping review for Nordic Nutrition Recommendations 2023; Two de novo NNR2022 systematic reviews (SRs) as well as 21 qualified SRs (qSRs) were available. A literature search yielded an additional similar to 70 SRs, meta-analyses and biomarker papers. Diets lower in total fat are associated with reductions in body weight and blood pressure compared with diets higher in total fat in adults. Partial replacement of saturated fatty acid (SFA) with n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) improves blood lipid profile, decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), improves glucose-insulin homeostasis and may decrease the risk of total mortality. Long-chain n-3 PUFAs (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) decrease triglycerides and are associated with lower risk of CVD. Dietary PUFAs, both n-3 and n-6, may be associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). There is inconclusive evidence to suggest that the type of dietary fat is associated with blood pressure, risk of hypertension or musculoskeletal health. Higher intake of total PUFA is associated with lower mortality from any cancer. Long-chain n-3 PUFA is associated with reduced risk of breast cancer, whereas biomarker levels of n-6 PUFA are associated with lower risk of any cancer. Intake of long-chain n-3 PUFA during pregnancy increases length of gestation and child birth weight and reduces the risk of preterm delivery, but there is inconclusive evidence to suggest that it may influence child neurodevelopment, growth or development of allergic disease. In studies with higher versus lower dietary cholesterol intake levels, total blood cholesterol increased or were unaffected by the dietary cholesterol, resulting in inconclusive results. Trans fatty acid (TFA), regardless of source, impairs blood lipid profile compared to unsaturated fat. In observational studies, TFA is positively associated with CVD and total mortality but whether associations differ by source is inconclusive. Ruminant TFA, as well as biomarker levels of odd-chain fatty acids, might be associated with lower risk of T2D.
Alterations in Circulating Fatty Acid Composition in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: A Pilot Study; Introduction: Circulating fatty acids (FAs) may play a role in the disease pathogenesis of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Objectives: To compare red blood cell (RBC) and plasma FA composition: (1) between female SLE patients and age-matched healthy female (HF) controls and in SLE with history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and those with no history (SLE+CVD vs SLE-CVD); and (2) between SLE patients who were or were not receiving prednisone treatment at the time of blood sampling. Methods: This cross-sectional study consisted of 33 female patients with SLE (11 SLE+CVD, 22 SLE-CVD) and 20 HF controls. Demographics, CVD risk, medication profile, blood biochemistry, and FA composition of RBC and plasma total lipids were determined. Results: Waist circumference and body mass index were higher in SLE patients than in HF controls. These variables along with serum triglycerides, blood glucose, and systolic blood pressure were higher in SLE+CVD than SLE-CVD patients. RBC FA composition showed lower eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, omega-3 active metabolite) and omega-3 index (EPA+ docosahexaenoic acid) in SLE patients compared with HF controls. The ratio of the RBC inflammatory metabolite, arachidonic acid, to the anti-inflammatory metabolite EPA was also significantly higher in SLE patients than in HF controls. No differences were seen in plasma FA between SLE and HF groups. However, SLE-CVD patients had a more favorable lipid profile than SLE+CVD patients. In SLE patients, the use of prednisone resulted in alteration of both RBC and plasma FA composition. Conclusion: SLE patients, regardless of their history of CVD, have altered plasma and RBC FA composition favoring inflammation. The use of prednisone was associated with differences in FA profile. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2011;35:198-208)
Independent and Combined Effects of Aerobic Exercise and Pharmacological Strategies on Serum Triglyceride Concentrations: A Qualitative Review; Elevated fasting and postprandial serum triglyceride concentrations are associated with cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. Aerobic exercise reduces serum triglyceride concentrations in the presence or absence of weight loss. Although pharmacological interventions are oft en used in combination with aerobic exercise to achieve target triglyceride concentrations, information on the combined effects of aerobic exercise and lipid-modifying agents on serum triglycerides is limited. This review examines the independent and combined effects of both interventions on serum fasting and postprandial triglyceride concentrations from the available literature. Reductions in serum triglycerides aft er aerobic exercise are associated with an increase in skeletal muscle lipoprotein lipase activity and a decrease in hepatic triglyceride and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) synthesis and secretion. Lipid-modifying agents such as niacin, omega-3 fatty acids, and statins also decrease fasting and postprandial triglycerides by increasing lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity and/or decreasing VLDL synthesis. When combined, lipid-modifying agents may reduce fasting and postprandial triglyceride secretion to an extent in which aerobic exercise cannot provide any additional benefit. These observations indicate that aerobic exercise and pharmacological strategies reduce serum triglycerides by similar mechanisms, which may attenuate the triglyceride-lowering capacity of the concordant treatment.
Effects of <i>trans</i>- and n-3 unsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy males.: An 8 weeks dietary intervention study; Background: Studies of long-term intake of industrially produced trans fatty acids (TFA) and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) suggest opposite effects on cardiovascular disease risk. Common mechanisms of action are probable.
Fish Oil for Primary and Secondary Prevention of Coronary Heart Disease; Fish consumption and fish oils rich in omega-3 fatty acids were reported to be cardioprotective in both retrospective and prospective studies undertaken over the past two to three decades. In the past several years, there is mounting clinical trial data as well as basic science information supporting the use of fish oil supplements in both primary and secondary cardiovascular prevention. In addition, there appear to be additional benefits to the use of fish oil, including lowering significantly elevated triglyceride levels, preventing atrial fibrillation, reducing mortality rates in congestive heart failure patients, and perhaps stabilizing atherosclerotic plaques. These data have led to specific recommendations for use of omega-3 fatty acids in several cardiovascular areas.
<i>Trans</i>-polar-fat: all Inuit are not equal; As part of the rapid socio-cultural transition observed in Arctic populations, the Inuit diet is changing. We present original data derived from the baseline Inuit Health in Transition cohort study regarding biological levels, of n-3 fatty acids and trans-fatty acids (TFA), lipids with opposite health effects found respectively ill traditional marine diets and recently introduced low-quality imported foods. A total of 524 Inuit from the Disko Bay area (Greenland) and 888 Inuit from the fourteen communities of Northern Quebec (Nunavik) participated in the study. We measured the fatty acid profile of erythrocyte (RBC) membrane phospholipids (PL) as a surrogate for individual intakes. Moreover, the contribution ofstorebou-lit foods to energy intakes was assessed through dietary questionnaires. Our results show that while n-3 fatty acid levels were slightly lower in Nunavik (9-4 % of RBC membrane PL) than in Greenland (12.1 %), TFA levels were on average nearly thrice as high in Nunavik Inuit (1.20 %) as they were in Greenlanders (0-43 %). Moreover. younger Nunavik Inuit accumulated higher intakes of TFA and lower intakes of n-3 fatty acids. Finally. the average proportion of energy derived from store-bought foods was high in both groups (77.5 % and 83.5 %), especially ill Youth. Our results call for action to rehabilitate and recover access to country foods and point to the importance for Nunavik and the entire circumpolar world to follow the example of Denmark and Greenland. which imposed a maximum content of 2 g/100g fat on industrially produced trans-fats in 2003.
Plasma n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels and Survival in Renal Transplantation; Objective: The major n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids linoleic acid (LA) and arachidonic acid (AA) play a role in inflammation and glucose metabolism, which could affect patient and renal transplant survival.
Inflammation and cardiovascular disease: are marine phospholipids the answer?; Since the discovery that Greenlandic Innuits had a lower risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVD) due to their diet of fish and as a consequence high polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intake, scientific interest in the therapeutic value of n-3 PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has grown. It is well-accepted that fish consumption is associated with the prevention of inflammation and CVD. As a result, fish oil supplements and nutraceuticals are widely consumed. Conversely, recent meta-analyses have cast doubt over the benefits n-3 PUFA due to heterogenous outcomes of numerous randomized controlled trials. However, the majority of clinical studies conducted have used n-3 PUFA supplements in their neutral forms as free fatty acids or bound to triacylglycerides (TAG) or ethyl esters. Current research indicates that n-3 PUFA bound to polar lipids (PL) such as phospholipids seem to exert differential bioavailability and biological effects upon consumption in contrast to neutral forms of n-3 PUFA. In this review, we discuss the promising health benefits of marine PL rich in n-3 PUFA that seem to go beyond those of neutral n-3 PUFA. However, further intensive research is required to discern the full extent of the biological activities of marine n-3 PL and their potential use in functional foods and nutraceuticals.
Anthracycline-induced cardiac toxicity is not increased by dietary omega-3 fatty acids; Exogenous n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and specially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been previously reported to potentiate the efficacy of anticancer agents that generate an oxidative stress, such as anthracyclines, by enhancing the susceptibility of cell membranes to lipid peroxidation. Since lipid peroxidation has also been suggested to mediate anthracycline-induced heart failure, we designed a study aimed at investigating whether a DHA-enriched diet coupled with controlled oxidative conditions prevents or aggravates this serious side effect in vivo.
Fatty Acid Composition, Physical Properties, Acute Oral Toxicity and Antioxidant Activity of Crude Lipids from Adipose Tissue of Some Commercialized Freshwater Catfish; Crude lipids extracted from the adipose tissues of some commercialized freshwater catfish, including the Mekong giant catfish (Pangasianodon gigas), striped catfish (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus) and hybrid catfish (Pangasius larnaudii x Pangasianodon hypophthalmus) were carried out. Their saturated fatty acid and unsaturated fatty acid contents were not much different, but their polyunsaturated fatty acid contents were obviously different. Their n-3 fatty acid contents were 15.58, 0.83 and 4.36 g per 100 g, respectively, and their eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA):docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) contents were 3.23:4.24, 0.07:0.13 and 0.65:2.72 g per 100 g, respectively. Their n-6 fatty acid contents were 6.36, 9.19 and 8.77 g per 100 g, respectively. They were in solid and semi-solid form at room temperature with certain different physical properties. No sign of toxicity was observed for 14 days in female Wistar albino rats after receiving a dose of crude lipids at 5000 mg/kg. Their antioxidant activities by ABTS assay were 3.21, 4.53 and 6.00 mM Trolox per 1 g, respectively.
Bioactivity and health effects of ruminant meat lipids. Invited Review; Ruminant meat (RM) is an excellent source of high-quality protein, B vitamins and trace minerals and plays an important role in global food and nutrition security. However, nutritional guidelines commonly recommend reduced intake of RM mainly because of its high saturated fatty acid (SFA) content, and more recently because of its perceived negative environmental impacts. RM is, however, rich in heart healthy cis-monounsaturated fatty acids and can be an important source of long-chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids in populations with low fish consumption. In addition, RM is a source of bioactive phospholipids, as well as rumen-derived bioactive fatty acids including branched-chain, vaccenic and rumenic acids, which have been associated with several health benefits. However, the role of bioactive RM lipids in maintaining and improving consumers' health have been generally ignored in nutritional guidelines. The present review examines RM lipids in relation to human health, and evaluates the effectiveness of different feeding strategies and possibilities for future profile and content improvement.
Low Serum Levels of EPA are Associated with the Size and Growth Rate of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm; Aim: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been reported to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, whether omega-3 PUFAs are involved in the pathogenesis of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) remains unclear.
Diverse effects of linseed oil and fish oil in diets for sows on reproductive performance and pre-weaning growth of piglets; Perinatal mortality of piglets means a serious loss for the pig industry. Therefore, finding strategies to decrease stillbirths and increase piglet vitality is crucial. Supplementing the gestation and lactation diets with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), can be beneficial, as these PUFA are essential for the development of the foetus. Docosahexaenoic acid can be directly supplied from the maternal diet through addition of fish oil, or it may result from the conversion of dietary precursors such as alpha-linolenic acid, e.g. by addition of linseed oil. Until now, studies assessing the effects of n-3 PUFA on sow reproduction give equivocal results. Therefore, this study aimed to examine the effects of linseed oil and fish oil in the maternal diet of a large number of sows (734 sows in total) on their reproductive performance in the current and subsequent gestation. Furthermore, the effect of diet on the farrowing process, piglet weight and vitality was analysed. From day 45 of gestation and during lactation, sows were fed a palm oil diet or one of the six n-3 PUFA diets, each containing different concentrations (0.5%, 1% or 2%) of linseed oil, fish oil or their combination. Sows fed linseed oil had 0.9 more live born piglets (P=0.02) and 0.5 more weaned piglets (P=0.02) compared to fish oil fed sows. In the subsequent gestation, linseed oil fed sows had 1.3 and 1.5 more live born piglets compared to sows fed fish oil (P=0.006) or palm oil (P < 0.001), respectively. No dietary effects were observed on piglet birth weight and litter weight, but linseed oil supplementation resulted in a higher piglet weight and litter weight at 5 days of age, compared to piglets from sows fed fish oil (P=0.04 and P=0.02, respectively) or palm oil (P=0.02 and P=0.002, respectively). Adding n-3 PUFA to the maternal diet had no effect on piglet vitality, but it increased the duration of farrowing (P=0.05). (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The (n-3) fatty acid dose, independent of the (n-6) to (n-3) fatty acid ratio, affects the plasma fatty acid profile of normal dogs; The purpose of this study was to determine whether the dose of (n-3) fatty acids (FA) administered, independent of the relative ratio of (n-6)to(n-3) FA in the food, influences plasma FA composition in dogs. Healthy female, geriatric beagles (7-10y old) were fed foods containing (n-6) to (n-3) FA ratios of either 40.0:1 or 1.4:1 for 12 wk (study 1) or 36wk (study 2). In study 3, beagles were fed food with the same 1:1 ratio of (n-6) to (n-3) FA, but with increasing concentrations of (n-6) and (n-3) FA. Plasma FA concentrations were measured after completing the feeding studies. In studies 1 and 2, dogs fed fish oil-enriched food with a high (n-3) FA concentration had higher plasma total (n-3) FA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations and lower plasma total (n-6) FA, linoleic acid, and arachiclonic acid concentrations than dogs fed corn oil-enriched food with a low (n-3) FA concentration (P < 0.001). Both inclusion of fish oil (P < 0.001) and increased food intake independent of treatment effects increased the plasma DHA (P = 0.05) concentration. Furthermore, constancy of the dose of (n-3) FA administered over long periods of time was necessary to maintain plasma levels of total (n-3) FA, EPA, and DHA. In study 3, up to certain dietary concentrations (6.3 g total (n-3) FA/kg food for DHA and 9.8 g total (n-3) FA/kg food for EPA), the dose of (n-3) FA administered, independent of the (n-6) to (n-3) FA ratio, determined the plasma (n-3) FA composition. Results from our studies indicate that similar to 175 mg DHA/(kg body weight (.) d) is required to attain maximum plasma levels of DHA.
Changes in plasma fatty acids and related biomarkers during transition to an exclusively plant- and fish-based diet in healthy adults; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the time scale of plasma fatty acid changes during transition to an exclusively plant- and fish-based diet in healthy individuals and determine whether there are associated alterations in arachidonic acid (ARA)-derived inflammatory mediators, estimated stearoyl coenzyme A desaturase (SCD) activity, and blood pressure.
Diabetic cardiac autonomic neuropathy: Do we have any treatment perspectives?; Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is a serious and common complication of diabetes mellitus (DM). Despite its relationship to an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and its association with multiple symptoms and impairments, the significance of CAN has not been fully appreciated. CAN among DM patients is characterized review the latest evidence and own data regarding the treatment and the treatment perspectives for diabetic CAN. Lifestyle modification, intensive glycemic control might prevent development or progression of CAN. Pathogenetic treatment of CAN includes: balanced diet and physical activity; optimization of glycemic control; treatment of dyslipoproteinemia; correction of metabolic abnormalities in myocardium; prevention and treatment of thrombosis; use of aldose reductase inhibitors; dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), acetyl-L-carnitine, antioxidants, first of all alpha-lipoic acid (alpha-LA), use of long-chain omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs), vasodilators, fat-soluble vitamin B1, aminoguanidine; substitutive therapy of growth factors, in severe cases-treatment of orthostatic hypotension. The promising methods include research and use of tools that increase blood flow through the vasa vasorum, including prostacyclin analogues, thromboxane A2 blockers and drugs that contribute into strengthening and/or normalization of Na+, K+-ATPase (phosphodiesterase inhibitor), alpha-LA, DGLA, omega-3 PUFAs, and the simultaneous prescription of alpha-LA, omega-3 PUFA and DGLA.
Protection of echium oil by microencapsulation with phenolic compounds; The consumption of omega-3 enables the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk; however they are unstable. The aim of this work was to encapsulate echium oil (Echium plantagineum L), a rich source of omega-3 fatty acids, with phenolic compounds (sinapic acid and rutin) by double emulsion followed by complex coacervation or by complex coacervation with sinapic acid in the capsule wall. Analyses of morphology, particle size, circularity, water activity, moisture, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, thermogravimetry, process yield, accelerated oxidation and identification and quantification of fatty acids present in the encapsulated oil were performed. Samples presented values of encapsulation process yield of phenolics and oil in the range of 39-80% and 73-99%, respectively. Moreover, all samples protected the oil against oxidation, obtaining induction time (accelerated oxidation) of 5 h for pure oil and values in the range from 10 to 18 h for samples. Thus, better protection to the oil was possible with sinapic acid applied in the capsule wall, which enhances its protection against lipid oxidation. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Food behaviors accounting for the recent trends in dietary fatty acid profiles among Korean adults; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study examined the changes in food behaviors of dietary fatty acids over 2007???2018 among Korean adults. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study used data from the 4th (2007???2009), 5th (2010???2012), 6th (2013???2015), and 7th (2016???2018) Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys. A total of 46,307 adults aged 19???64 yrs were selected and dietary data were obtained from a single 24-h recall. In the 4th and 7th data, the major food sources for each fatty acid based on the contributing percentage of the food item were compared. The consumption trends in the major food sources were presented as grams per day over 2007???2018 and compared across the survey periods using the multiple regression model. RESULTS: From 2007 to 2018, for total fat, saturated fatty acid (SFA), and monounsaturated fatty acid, the contribution of animal food sources, including beef, chicken, and eggs increased but plant food sources (e.g., tofu, soybean, and plant oil) decreased. As polyunsaturated fatty acid sources, mayonnaise, eggs, and bread showed higher contributions, whereas soybean and tofu showed lower contributions in the 7th data compared to the 4th data. For n-3 fatty acids, the contribution of fish decreased between the 4th and 7th data. Over 12 yrs, the significant increases in the absolute amount of consumption from animal sources were observed. In contrast, decreases in the consumption from plant sources and fish were seen across the survey periods. CONCLUSIONS: In Korean adults, increases in the intake of dietary fatty acids along with changes in the food behaviors during 2007???2018 have evoked great concern for SFA intake, which is a cardiovascular disease risk factor. Healthy food sources of dietary fatty acids should be emphasized in this population.
The metabolome of pink-footed goose: Heavy metals and lipid metabolism; Wildlife is exposed to mixtures of environmental contaminants that affect health and population dynamics. Exposure to toxic heavy metals originating from anthropogenic sources may exert metabolic effects at even low exposure concentrations. Here we investigated the relationships between heavy metal exposure and metabolic changes in the migratory bird pink-footed goose (Anser brachyrhynchus). We used blood pellet and blood plasma samples from 27 free-ranging pink-footed geese to study heavy metal (Cd, Cr, Hg, and Pb) exposure in relation to the metabolome. The results relate blood concentrations of Cd (range: 0.218-1.09 ng/g), Cr (range: 0.299-5.60 ng/g), and Hg (range: 2.63-6.00 ng/g) to signal areas of fatty acids and other lipids, while no correlations were identified for Pb level (range: 21.0-64.2 ng/g) exposure. Lipid signal areas were negatively associated with concentrations of Cr and positively associated with Hg exposure (both p < 0.05). & alpha;-Linolenic acid and 9-oxononanoic acid were negatively correlated to Cr exposure (both p < 0.05) and were related in the & alpha;-linolenic acid metabolism pathway. Compared to known thresholds for aviary species, the heavy metal concentrations are below levels of toxicity, which may explain the low number of metabolites that significantly change. Nevertheless, the heavy metal exposure is still correlated to changes in the lipid metabolism that may reduce migrating birds' breeding success and increase mortality for an exposed part of the population.
Omega-3 fatty acids and plant sterols as cardioprotective ingredients in beef patties: composition and relevance of nutritional information on sensory characterization; The incorporation of oil in water gel emulsion with significant levels of omega-3 fatty acids and plant sterols was studied to improve the lipid fraction of beef patties. The nutritional improvement achieved led to products able to include certain nutrition and health claims in the labelling. Sensory characterization by 62 consumers and the effect of nutritional information of the samples were also evaluated by using hedonic tests for liking, Check-All-That-Apply (CATA) questions and purchase intention. After having received the nutritional information about the new products, consumers reported a significant increase in the purchase intention and overall acceptability of the reformulated beef patties (P < 0.05) compared to these products under the blind conditions. In particular, 54 out of 62 consumers showed a higher acceptability for reformulated beef patties after receiving the nutritional information. This work highlighted the influence of nutritional information on sensory acceptability of reformulated healthier beef patties.
Fatty Acid and Cholesterol Concentrations in Usually Consumed Fish in Brazil; Background: Several studies have demonstrated clinical benefits of fish consumption for the cardiovascular system. These effects are attributed to the increased amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids in these foods. However, the concentrations of fatty acids may vary according to region.
Endocannabinoid system as a potential mechanism for <i>n</i>-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid mediated cardiovascular protection; The presence of an active and functioning endocannabinoid (EC) system within cardiovascular tissues implies that this system has either a physiological or pathophysiological role (or both), and there is a substantial literature to support the notion that, in the main, they are protective in the setting of various CVD states. Moreover, there is an equally extensive literature to demonstrate the cardio- and vasculo-protective effects of n-3 long-chain (LC)-PUFA. It is now becoming evident that there appears to be a close relationship between dietary intervention with n-3 LC-PUFA and changes in tissue levels of EC, raising the question as to whether or not EC may, at least in part, play a role in mediating the cardio-and vasculo-protective effects of n-3 LC-PUFA. This brief review summarises the current understanding of how both EC and n-3 LC-PUFA exert their protective effects in three major cardiovascular disorders (hypertension, atherosclerosis and acute myocardial infarction) and attempts to identify the similarities and differences that may indicate common or integrated mechanisms. From the data available, it is unlikely that in hypertension EC mediate any beneficial effects of n-3 LC-PUFA, since they do not share common mechanisms of blood pressure reduction. However, inhibition of inflammation is an effect shared by EC and n-3 LC-PUFA in the setting of both atherosclerosis and myocardial reperfusion injury, while blockade of L-type Ca2+ channels is one of the possible common mechanisms for their antiarrhythmic effects. Although both EC and n-3 LC-PUFA demonstrate vasculo- and cardio-protection, the literature overwhelmingly shows that n-3 LC-PUFA decrease tissue levels of EC through formation of EC-n-3 LC-PUFA conjugates, which is counterintuitive to an argument that EC may mediate the effects of n-3 LC-PUFA. However, the discovery that these conjugates have a greater affinity for cannabinoid receptors than the native EC provides a fascinating avenue for further research into novel approaches for the treatment and prevention of atherosclerosis and myocardial injury following ischaemia/reperfusion.
Possible Effect and Mechanism of Action of Flaxseed on Cystic Fibrosis Pulmonary Disorder: a Medical Hypothesis; Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) as is an inherited disorder that can result in early death. Today, for treating the pulmonary symptoms of CF-related infections and inflammations, antibiotics and anti-inflammatory drugs are widely used. However, this therapeutic approach treats the symptoms without affecting the underlying causes of the disease. Thus, the present article hypothesizes the possible mechanism of action of Flaxseed as a new complementary medication for cystic fibrosis pulmonary disorder.
Dietary fats and coronary heart disease; The prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease (CHD) necessitates vigorous dietary intervention so as to lower the serum cholesterol level by at least 6%. Greater decreases in serum cholesterol can bring about reversal of atherosclerosis. The critical dietary change is the reduction in intake of saturated fat and cholesterol. Some of this fat may be replaced by unsaturated fats, especially monounsaturated fat (olive or canola oil). Fish and the omega-3 fats they contain may also be useful for the prevention of CHD. The benefits of omega-3 fats occur within a few months and probably involve an anti-thrombotic effect. There is evidence that the intake of trans-fatty acids formed by the hydrogenation of oils should be reduced as they are associated with CHD. Hypolipidaemic drugs may be useful for persons at very high risk of CHD but should generally be avoided for primary prevention.
Relationships among Environment, Climate, and Longevity in China; Human longevity is influenced by environment and nutrition. We considered environmental and nutritional factors relating to longevity in Chinese cities. We found higher 85+/65+ distribution ratios, indicating enhanced longevity, in the coastal and southern regions of China. These areas also featured higher humidity, low standard deviation of monthly temperature, higher levels of selenium (Se) distribution in soil, and greater sea fish consumption. Moderate climate is more conducive to longevity, however, there is no significant difference in longevity between different sub-climatic types within moderate climate; the relation between humidity and longevity is not always positive, the relation between altitude and longevity is not always negative. Nutritional factors like Se and omega-3 fatty acids contained in sea fish were crucial to longevity. In contrast, the consumption of meat and freshwater fish were less related to longevity. Taken together, humidity, altitude, and per capita sea fish consumption, when evaluated via geographically weighted regression, explained 66% and 68% of longevity among Chinese individuals in 2000 and 2010, respectively. Other factors require further discussion.
Reduced effect on apoptosis of 4-hydroxyhexenal and oxidized LDL enriched with n-3 fatty acids from postmenopausal women; Background: Oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) promotes apoptosis in atherosclerotic plaques in the vascular wall, a process mediated through its oxidized lipids. 4-Hydroxynonenal (HNE) and 4-hydroxyhexenal (HHE), derived from oxidation of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids, respectively, are among the major oxidized products in oxLDL.
Healthy cookies from cooked fish bones; Nile tilapia fish are a staple food fish in Egypt. The objective of this research was to enrich a flaxseed and cinnamon cookie with cooked Nile tilapia fish bones (NTF). NTF at 6%, 12%, 18% and 24% of the wheat flour was used to fortify the cookies. Proximate analysis, Ca, P, Fe, total omega 3 fatty acids, and physical and sensory evaluation of cookies were done. The incorporation of NTF increased the total ash, Ca, and P at 12% NTF and above. The panelists gave the best score (statistically significant at 13`0.05) to the 12% NTF cookies. The consumption of 100 g of the 12% enriched cookies provided 39%, 34%, 62%, and 57% of the US RDA for females over 50 yr of protein, Ca, P, and Fe, respectively, along with 238% of the omega 3 fatty acids recommended by American Heart Association for those having cardiovascular disease. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Docosanoids Promote Neurogenesis and Angiogenesis, Blood-Brain Barrier Integrity, Penumbra Protection, and Neurobehavioral Recovery After Experimental Ischemic Stroke; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1) are neuroprotective after experimental ischemic stroke. To explore underlying mechanisms, SD rats underwent 2 h of middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo) and treated with DHA (5 mg/kg, IV) or NPD1 (5 mu g/per rat, ICV) and vehicles 1 h after. Neuro-behavioral assessments was conducted on days 1, 2, and 3, and on week 1, 2, 3, or 4. BrdU was injected on days 4, 5, and 6, immunohistochemistry was performed on week 2 or 4, MRI on day 7, and lipidomic analysis at 4 and 5 h after onset of stroke. DHA improved short- and long-term behavioral functions and reduced cortical, subcortical, and total infarct volumes (by 42, 47, and 31%, respectively) after 2 weeks and reduced tissue loss by 50% after 4 weeks. DHA increased the number of BrdU(+)/Ki-67(+), BrdU(+)/DCX+, and BrdU(+)/NeuN(+) cells in the cortex, subventricular zone, and dentate gyrus and potentiated NPD1 synthesis in the penumbra at 5 h after MCAo. NPD1 improved behavior, reduced lesion volumes, protected ischemic penumbra, increased NeuN, GFAP, SMI-71-positive cells and vessels, axonal regeneration in the penumbra, and attenuated blood-brain barrier (BBB) after MCAo. We conclude that docosanoid administration increases neurogenesis and angiogenesis, activates NPD1 synthesis in the penumbra, and diminishes BBB permeability, which correlates to long-term neurobehavioral recovery after experimental ischemic stroke.
Myristic acid: effects on HDL, omega3, LDL oxidation and membrane fluidity; High myristic acid (MA) intake is associated with increased LDL cholesterol and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Our findings in healthy volunteers have shown that moderate MA intake from dairy products with a controlled fatty acid level have a beneficial effect on lipid parameters, membrane fluidity and oxidative stress.
Association of Serum Fatty Acids at Admission with the Age of Onset of Acute Ischemic Stroke; Dietary triglycerides influence fatty acid (FA) serum concentrations and weight percentages (wt %), which may be associated with the age of onset of acute ischemic stroke (AIS). We investigated the correlations between serum FA levels and proportions at admission and the age of onset of AIS. We evaluated patients with AIS admitted between 2016 and 2019 within 24 h of AIS onset and calculated the correlation coefficients between their ages, serum FA concentrations, and FA wt % values. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed to identify independent FAs indicating AIS age of onset. Furthermore, we estimated the threshold values of independent FAs for age of onset <60 years using receiver operating characteristic curves by logistic regression. A total of 525 patients (median age: 75 years) met the inclusion criteria. The concentration of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and wt % of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were significant independent variables for age of onset of AIS, and receiver operating characteristic curves for age of onset <60 years showed thresholds of >= 117.7 mu mol/L for DGLA and <= 3.7% for DHA. An increased DGLA concentration and decreased DHA wt % were significantly associated with onset of AIS at a younger age.
Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins and Novel Targets for Anti-atherosclerotic Therapy; Although elevated serum low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) is without any doubts accepted as an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), the role of elevated triglycerides (TGs)-rich lipoproteins as an independent risk factor has until recently been quite controversial. Recent data strongly suggest that elevated TG-rich lipoproteins are an independent risk factor for CVD and that therapeutic targeting of them could possibly provide further benefit in reducing CVD morbidity, events and mortality, apart from LDL-C lowering. Today elevated TGs are treated with lifestyle interventions, and with fibrates which could be combined with omega-3 fatty acids. There are also some new drugs. Volanesorsen, is an antisense oligonucleotid that inhibits the production of the Apo C-III which is crucial in regulating TGs metabolism because it inhibits lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hepatic lipase activity but also hepatic uptake of TGs-rich particles. Evinacumab is a monoclonal antibody against angiopoietin-like protein 3 (ANGPTL3) and it seems that it can substantially lower elevated TGs levels because ANGPTL3 also regulates TGs metabolism. Pemafibrate is a selective peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha modulator which also decreases TGs, and improves other lipid parameters. It seems that it also has some other possible antiatherogenic effects. Alipogene tiparvovec is a nonreplicating adeno-associated viral vector that delivers copies of the LPL gene to muscle tissue which accelerates the clearance of TG-rich lipoproteins thus decreasing extremely high TGs levels. Pradigastat is a novel diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 inhibitor which substantially reduces extremely high TGs levels and appears to be promising in treatment of the rare familial chylomicronemia syndrome.
Acute administration of fish oil inhibits triggered activity in isolated myocytes from rabbits and patients with heart failure; Background - Fish oil reduces sudden death in patients with prior myocardial infarction. Sudden death in heart failure may be due to triggered activity based on disturbed calcium handling. We hypothesized that superfusion with omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) from fish inhibits triggered activity in heart failure.
THE ROLE OF UNNATURAL DIETARY TRANS AND CIS UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN THE EPIDEMIOLOGY OF CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; During 1956 the first report on the hypocholesterolemic effect of unsaturated fatty acids of plant and marine origin was published in The Lancet. Consequently it was stated in a Lancet Editorial that hydrogenation of vegetation oils could hve contributed to the causation of coronary artery disease and predicted that a decade would probably be required to resolve this question. However, after the lapse of three decades this issue would appear to be no nearer to a clear answer now than it was  then. During 1956 hydrogenation was assumed to effect only a reduction in the level of unsaturated fatty acids in the products produced from hydrogenated oils. However, since that time essential fatty acid metabolic pathways to eicosanoids were discovered and described. Also, large quantities of unnatural trans and cis unsaturated fatty acids have been shown to form during hydrogenation and these occur in margarines and many other common foods in high concentrations. It has also been shown that  these unnatural trans and cis fatty acids block essential fatty acid metabolism by the competitive inhibition of the desaturase enzyme .DELTA.-6-desaturase. Therefore some of the possible metabolic mechanisms whereby "hydrogenation plants could have contributed to the causation of a major disease" have become clearer during the last three decades. Despite a recent conclusion by an ad hoc FDA panel that there need be little concern about the effects of trans fatty acids in the American diet on  health, it is nevertheless proposed that on the basis of available evidence, unnatural dietary trans and cis unsaturated fatty acid isomers should be regarded as a define risk factor in the etiology of coronary artery disease.
Mechanisms underlying the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on fear memory processing and their hypothetical effects on fear of cancer recurrence in cancer survivors; The relationship of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and gut microbiota with brain function has been extensively reported. Here, we review how n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids affect fear memory processing. n-3 PUFAs may improve dysfunctional fear memory processing via immunomodulation/anti-inflammation, increased BDNF, upregulated adult neurogenesis, modulated signal transduction, and microbiota-gut-brain axis normalization. We emphasize how n-3 PUFAs affect this axis and also focus on the hypothetical effects of PUFAs in fear of cancer recurrence (FCR), the primary psychological unmet need of cancer survivors. Its pathophysiology may be similar to that of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which involves dysfunctional fear memory processing. Due to fewer adverse effects than psychotropic drugs, nutritional interventions involving n-3 PUFAs should be acceptable for physically vulnerable cancer survivors. We are currently studying the relationship of FCR with n-3 PUFAs and gut microbiota in cancer survivors to provide them with a nutritional intervention that protects against FCR.
ROLE OF DIETARY LIPIDS ON FETAL TISSUE FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION AND FETAL SURVIVAL IN SWINE AT 42 DAYS OF GESTATION; Eighty-six crossbred (Duroc x Yorkshire) gilts were used in two trials to assess the effect of supplemental dietary fats during early gestation on fetal survival, fetal development, and fatty acid (FA) composition in gilt plasma and fetal head and body at d 37 to 45 after breeding. Three diets contained 4% (wt/wt) added fat either as coconut, soybean (SO), or menhaden oils (MO). A fourth diet containing corn starch approximately isoenergetic to the quantity of the oils was used as a control. Across both trials, fetal survival percentage did not differ (P >.10) according to treatment, but in Trial 2 fetal survival was higher (P <.06) for gilts fed the MO diet than for gilts fed the control diet. The FA composition of plasma of gilts at slaughter and the conceptus tissues were similar; both were influenced by the FA composition of the diets. The ratio of n-3:n-6 FA was higher in conceptus tissue than in maternal plasma and the ratio was higher (P <.05) for the MO diet than for, the other diets. Subsequently, a total of 46 multiparous females were used in three trials to further evaluate the effects of MO on percentage of fetal survival relative to the corn starch control diet; the results demonstrated no differences (P >.10) in percentage of fetal survival due to the addition of MO. The high percentage of fetal survival observed in gilts on all the treatments and the unequal ovulation rate in sows on different oil diets precluded definitive conclusions regarding the effects of supplemental oil on fetal survival. Further research is necessary to determine whether an altered dietary FA composition, and the resultant altered FA composition of fetal tissues, contributes to improved fetal survival; however, SO, a supplier of the 18-carbon omega-3 FA alpha-linolenic acid, did not provide the same FA composition in plasma and conceptus tissue that MO, a supplier of preformed long-chain omega-3 FA (20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3), provided.
Altered Serum n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Profile and Risks of Mortality and Cardiovascular Events in a Cohort of Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: Alterations in the balance between serum n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is predictive of cardiovascular events among hemodialysis patients, although little is known about the serum ratio of n-6 arachidonic acid (AA) to n-6 dihomo-gamma-linoleic acid (DGLA) in renal failure. We hypothesized that AA/DGLA ratio is altered in hemodialysis patients resulting in poor clinical outcomes.
Recommended dietary reference intakes, nutritional goals and dietary guidelines for fat and fatty acids: a systematic review; Dietary fat and its effects on health and disease has attracted interest for research and Public Health. Since the 1980s many bodies and organizations have published recommendations regarding fat intake. In this paper different sets of recommendations are analyzed following a systematic review process to examine dietary reference intakes, nutritional goals and dietary guidelines for fat and fatty acids. A literature search was conducted in relevant literature databases along a search for suitable grey literature reports. Documents were included if they reported information on either recommended intake levels or dietary reference values or nutritional objectives or dietary guidelines regarding fat and/or fatty acids and/or cholesterol intake or if reported background information on the process followed to produce the recommendations. There is no standard approach for deriving nutrient recommendations. Recommendations vary between countries regarding the levels of intake advised, the process followed to set the recommendations. Recommendations on fat intake share similar figures regarding total fat intake, saturated fats and trans fats. Many sets do not include a recommendation about cholesterol intake. Most recent documents provide advice regarding specific n-3 fatty acids. Despite efforts to develop evidence based nutrient recommendations and dietary guidelines that may contribute to enhance health, there are still many gaps in research. It would be desirable that all bodies concerned remain transparent about the development of dietary recommendations. In order to achieve this, the type of evidence selected to base the recommendations should be specified and ranked. Regular updates of such recommendations should be planned.
Chemistry behind Vegetarianism; This review summarizes the effect of a habitual vegetarian diet on clinical complications in relation to chemistry and biochemistry. Omnivores have a significantly higher cluster of cardiovascular risk factors compared with vegetarians, including increased body mass index, waist to hip ratio, blood pressure, plasma total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol and LDL-C levels, serum lipoprotein(a) concentration, plasma factor VII activity, ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C and TAG/HDL-C, and serum ferritin levels. Compared with omnivores, vegetarians, especially vegans, have lower serum vitamin B-12 concentration and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels in the tissue membrane phospholipids, which are associated with increased collagen and ADP stimulated ex vivo whole blood platelet aggregation, plasma 11-dehydrothromboxane B-2, and homocysteine levels and decreased plasma HDL-C. This may be associated with an increased thrombotic and atherosclerotic risk. It is suggested that vegetarians, especially vegans, should increase their dietary n-3 PUFA and vitamin B-12 intakes.
Increases in ambient particulate matter air pollution, acute changes in platelet function, and effect modification by aspirin and omega-3 fatty acids: A panel study; Increased particulate matter (PM) air pollutant concentrations have been associated with platelet activation. It was postulated that elevated air pollutant concentrations would be associated with increases in measures of platelet function and that responses would be blunted when taking aspirin and/or fish oil. Data from a sequential therapy trial (30 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus), with 4 clinic visits (first: no supplements, second: aspirin, third: omega-3 fatty acid supplements, fourth: aspirin and omega-3 fatty acids) per subject, were utilized. Using linear mixed models, adjusted for relative humidity, temperature, visit number, and season, changes in three platelet function measures including (1) aggregation induced by adenosine diphosphate (ADP), (2) aggregation induced by collagen, and (3) thromboxane B2 production were associated with interquartile range (IQR) increases in mean concentrations of ambient PM2.5, black carbon, ultrafine particles (UFP; 10-100 nm), and accumulation mode particles (AMP; 100-500 nm) in the previous 1-96 h. IQR increases in mean UFP and AMP concentrations were associated with significant decreases in platelet response, with the largest being a -0.43 log(pg/ml) decrease in log(thromboxane B2) (95% CI = -0.8, -0.1) associated with each 582-particles/cm(3) increase in AMP, and a -1.7 ohm reduction in collagen-induced aggregation (95% CI = -3.1, -0.3) associated with each 2097-particles/cm(3) increase in UFP in the previous 72 h. This UFP effect on thromboxane B2 was significantly muted in diabetic subjects taking aspirin (-0.01 log[pg/ml]; 95% CI = -0.4, 0.3). The reason for this finding remains unknown, and needs to be investigated in future studies.
Effect of Essential Fatty Acid Proportion in Feed on Productive and Reproductive Performance of Japanese Quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica); This investigation was carried out to determine the effect of Essential Fatty Acids proportion (EFAs [n-6, n-3]) in feed through the mixture of soy, olive, canola or chia oil on EFA profile in eggs as well as productive and reproductive performance of Japanese quail. We used 120 quail from 7 to 22 weeks of age, in 15 cages in groups of 6 females and 2 males assigned according to the completely randomized design to 3 treatments with 5 replicates. The treatments were n-6:n-3 proportions 10:1 (control), 4:1 and 1:1. FA profile in yolk, feed intake, laying rate, egg weight, fertility, hatchability, and embryonic mortality were measured. In the egg yolk, n-6 content was similar in the proportions (p>0.05), while n-3 content increased (p<0.01) as n-6:n-3 ratio decreased in the feed. Feed consumption per quail was similar between treatments (p>0.05). In 4:1 and 1:1 proportion laying percentage was greater, but egg weight was lower (p<0.01). Fertility and hatchability were similar between proportions n-6, n-3 (p>0.68). Early and total embryonic mortality was lower in 10:1 and 4:1 proportion (p<0.01); while intermediate and late mortality was similar (p>0.30). The results of the experiment indicate that the mixture of soy, olive, canola or chia oil, to obtain n-6:n-3 proportion of 1:1, 4:1 and 10:1 does not modify feed consumption, laying rate, egg weight, fertility, and hatchability; but, 4:1 and 10:1 proportions favor a lower embryonic mortality.
Effect of fish oil on arrhythmias and mortality: systematic review; Objective To synthesise the literature on the effects of fish oil - docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA) - on mortality and arrhythmias and to explore dose response and formulation effects.
Blood Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids Predict All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Stable Coronary Heart Disease The Heart and Soul Study; Background-Omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) blood levels and intake have been inversely associated with risk for sudden cardiac death, but their relationship with all-cause mortality is unclear. The purpose of this study was to determine the extent to which baseline blood n-3 FA levels are associated with reduced risk for all-cause mortality in patients with stable coronary heart disease.
Interactions between prebiotics, probiotics, polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols: diet or supplementation for metabolic syndrome prevention?; The metabolic syndrome can be prevented by the Mediterranean diet, characterized by fiber, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols. However, the composition of the Mediterranean diet, which can be viewed as a natural multiple supplement, is poorly controlled, and its beneficial effects poorly predictable. The metabolic syndrome is associated with intestinal dysbiosis and the gut microbioma seems to be the main target and player in the interactions occurring between probiotics, prebiotics, omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polyphenols. From the reviewed evidence, it is reasonable to manage growth and metabolism of gut microflora with specific prebiotics and polyphenols. Even though the healthy properties of functional foods and nutraceuticals still need to be fully elucidated, available data suggest that well-designed supplements, containing the better ratio of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and antioxidants, specific probiotic strains, and selected polyphenols and prebiotics, could be useful in metabolic syndrome prevention and treatment.
Biosynthetic pathway of arachidonic acid in <i>Spodoptera exigua</i> in response to bacterial challenge; Eicosanoids play crucial roles in mediating insect immune responses. In vertebrates, phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) releases arachidonic acid (AA) from phospholipids (PLs) for biosynthesis of various eicosanoids. However, little AA is found in PLs of lepidopteran insects. Spodoptera exigua, a lepidopteran insect, is known to use eicosanoids to mediate immunity. Although AA was not detected in PLs of hemocytes and fat body (two immune tissues) of naive larvae, it was detected at small but significant level after bacterial infection, suggesting induction of AA biosynthesis for immunity. Based on a mammalian AA biosynthetic pathway, this study hypothesizes that AA is synthesized from C18 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) precursor by subsequent desaturation and elongation reactions because PLs of S. exigua larvae are rich in linoleic acid. After inhibiting PLA(2) activity to prevent release of free fatty acids, different PUFA precursors were injected to S. exigua larvae followed by assessment of eicosanoid-mediated cellular immune response. omega-6 PUFAs were effective in inducing immune response whereas alpha-linolenic acid (an omega-3 PUFA) was not. Several fatty acyl desaturases (SeDESs) have been predicted from S. exigua transcriptomes. Specific inhibitors against Delta 5 or Delta 6 DESs inhibited eicosanoid-mediated immune responses. Furthermore, RNA interference (RNAi) specific to Delta 5 or Delta 6 DES genes significantly suppressed eicosanoid-mediated immune responses. Four very long chain fatty acid elongase genes (SeEloV-A similar to SeEloV-D) were predicted. Among respective RNAi treatments of these genes, only one RNAi treatment specific to type 5 elongase (SeEloV-B) suppressed eicosanoid-mediated immune response. These results suggest that S. exigua larvae can synthesize AA from linoleic acid via Delta 5- and Delta 6-desaturations by SeDESs along with chain elongation by SeEloV-B. Finally, this study showed significant fitness cost of uncontrolled AA biosynthesis. AA injection alone without bacterial challenge significantly induced both cellular and humoral immune responses. This unnecessary energy expense due to free AA resulted in reduced pupal size and decreased adult egg production. The detrimental effect of free AA explains physiological significance of little AA content in lepidopteran insects except for life-or-death situation such as pathogen infection.
Global acetylome profiling indicates EPA impedes but OA promotes prostate cancer motility through altered acetylation of PFN1 and FLNA; Prostate cancer (PCa) is one of the leading causes of cancer morbidity and mortality in men. Metastasis is the main cause of PCa-associated death. Recent evidence indicated a significant reduction in PCa mortality associated with higher omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consumption. However, the underlying mechanisms remained elusive. In this study, we applied global acetylome profiling to study the effect of fatty acids treatment. Results indicated that oleic acid (OA, monounsaturated fatty acid, MUFA, 100 mu M) elevates while EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid, 100 mu M) reduces the acetyl-CoA level, which alters the global acetylome. After treatment, two crucial cell motility regulators, PFN1 and FLNA, were found with altered acetylation levels. OA increased the acetylation of PFN1 and FLNA, whereas EPA decreased PFN1 acetylation level. Furthermore, OA promotes while EPA inhibits PCa migration and invasion. Immunofluorescence assay indicated that EPA impedes the formation of lamellipodia or filopodia through reduced localization of PFN1 and FLNA to the leading edge of cells. Therefore, perturbed acetylome may be one critical step in fatty acid-affected cancer cell motility. This study provides some new insights into the response of omega-3 PUFAs treatment and a better understanding of cancer cell migration and invasion modulation.
Promoting effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on chromosomal giant DNA fragmentation associated with cell death induced by glutathione depletion; Glutamate and buthionine sulfoximine (BSO) both reduce intracellular glutathione (GSH) concentration but by different mechanisms, and thereby induce cell death in C6 rat glioma cells. The effects of lipid peroxidation on chromosomal DNA damage during the GSH depletion-induced cell death were assessed. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as arachidonic acid (AA), gamma-linolenic acid and linoleic acid enhanced lipid peroxidation, induced a loss of membrane integrity and consequently promoted 1-2 Mbp giant DNA fragmentation under both glutamate- and BSO-induced GSH-depletion. Treated C6 cells had 3'-OH termini in their DNA which were recognized by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP-biotin nick end-labeling (TUNEL) analysis. Antioxidants capable of scavenging reactive oxygen species and lipid radicals and iron or copper scavengers inhibited both lipid peroxidation and 1-2 Mbp giant DNA fragmentation, consequently protecting against cell death under GSH depletion. These results suggest that GSH depletion induces lipid peroxidation and leads to 1-2 Mbp giant DNA fragmentation; and that PUFAs can promote giant DNA fragmentation and 3'-OH termini in chromosomal DNA enhancing lipid peroxidation of C6 cells.
Fundamental Mechanisms of the Cell Death Caused by Nitrosative Stress; Nitrosative stress, as an important oxygen metabolism disorder, has been shown to be closely associated with cardiovascular diseases, such as myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury, aortic aneurysm, heart failure, hypertension, and atherosclerosis. Nitrosative stress refers to the joint biochemical reactions of nitric oxide (NO) and superoxide (O-2(-)) when an oxygen metabolism disorder occurs in the body. The peroxynitrite anion (ONOO-) produced during this process can nitrate several biomolecules, such as proteins, lipids, and DNA, to generate 3-nitrotyrosine (3-NT), which further induces cell death. Among these, protein tyrosine nitration and polyunsaturated fatty acid nitration are the most studied types to date. Accordingly, an in-depth study of the relationship between nitrosative stress and cell death has important practical significance for revealing the pathogenesis and strategies for prevention and treatment of various diseases, particularly cardiovascular diseases. Here, we review the latest research progress on the mechanisms of nitrosative stress-mediated cell death, primarily involving several regulated cell death processes, including apoptosis, autophagy, ferroptosis, pyroptosis, NETosis, and parthanatos, highlighting nitrosative stress as a unique mechanism in cardiovascular diseases.</p>
DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS, NUTRACEUTICALS AND FUNCTIONAL FOODS USE AFTER MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION DEPEND ON THE AGE, SEX, BMI AND PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITY - A PILOT STUDY; Objectives: To assess dietary supplements, functional foods and nutraceuticals use among the patients after myocardial infarction (MI). Material and Methods: The authors prospectively enrolled 100 consecutive patients hospitalized due to MI and remaining under coordinated outpatient care after MI in the authors' cardiology department. Results: The authors showed that patients within median (interquartile range) 12.30 (10.18-14.57) months after MI use dietary supplements, nutraceuticals and functional foods in their everyday diet. Vitamins (53% patients), espe-cially vitamin D (35%), were the most frequently used dietary supplements. In contrary to common usage of dietary supplements (59%), smaller proportion of patients use functional foods (21%) and nutraceuticals (5%), especially phytosterols. The authors found that the use of over-the-coun-ter (OTC) drugs and dietary supplements is associated with age (participants <60 years old vs. participants >_60 years old: OTC drugs: N = 8 [20.0%] vs. N = 32 [53.3%], p < 0.001; herbals: N = 3 [7.5%] vs. N = 16 [26.7%], p = 0.019), sex of the patients following MI (females vs. males: vitamins: N = 17 [70.8%] vs. N = 36 [47,4%], p = 0.045; vitamin D: N = 13 [54.2%] vs. N = 22 [28.9%], p = 0.024; omega-3 fatty acids: N = 3 [12.5%] vs. N = 1 [1.3%], p = 0.042; herbals: N = 8 [33.3%] vs. N = 11[14.5%], p = 0.040), as well as the BMI of the participants (BMI < 24.9 vs. BMI >_ 25.0: mul-tivitamin/multimineral dietary supplements: N = 3 [15.0%] vs. N = 31 [42.5%], p = 0.035; vitamin B6: N = 1 [5.0%] vs. N = 21 [28.8%], p = 0.035). In the study group all participants with the age above retirement age have already withdrawn from professional activity and they more often used OTC drugs (N = 14 [25.9%] before retirement age vs. N = 26 [56.5%] above retirement age, p = 0.002). Conclusions: The patients following MI use supplements, functional foods and nutraceuticals. Their use depends on sex, age, BMI and professional activity. The authors believe that their potential beneficial effects require further evaluation in clinical longitudinal studies.
The effect of the paraoxonase 1 (PON1) T(-107)C polymorphism on serum PON1 activity in women is dependent on fatty acid intake; Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) is an enzyme that prevents the peroxidation of lipoprotein and cell membranes. Our hypothesis is that the effect of the PON1 T(-107)C polymorphism on serum PON1 activity in healthy adult women is dependent on their fatty acid intake profile. This study included women (n = 39) who completed a food frequency questionnaire. Fatty acid intake was estimated based on the interview and a nutrient reference table. Blood samples were collected for genotyping and to measure serum PON1 activity. Serum PON1 activity was different among genotypes and was higher for women of the CC genotype (P < .001). Women in the study were categorized in 2 groups according to the median nutrient intake. Overall, there was a difference (P < .05) in serum PON1 activity between the CC and TT genotypes in women ingesting either above or below the median total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega 3 (n-3) and omega 6 (n-6; P < .05). However, genotype effects on serum PON1 activity were not observed in women ingesting below the median (15:1) ratio of n-6/n-3 (P > .05) but were observed in women ingesting above the ratio of n-6/n-3 (P < .05). This is partly because women of the CC genotype had decreased PON1 activity when ingesting a lower ratio of n-6/n-3 diet (P < .05), while women of the TT genotype had increased PON1 activity (P < .05). In conclusion, the overall presence of the C allele was associated with increased serum PON1 activity, although a diet with high saturated fatty acid or a low ratio of n-6/n-3 reduced PON1 activity in women with the CC genotype. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased dialysate levels of phospholipids containing unsaturated fatty acid are associated with increased peritoneal transport rate; Background: High peritoneal transport status in end-stage renal disease patients receiving peritoneal dialysis was shown to be associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Although the pathogenesis of increased peritoneal transport is still not clear, previous studies have demonstrated that phospholipids (PLs) are present on the peritoneal mesothelium and when added to dialysate can decrease the peritoneal fluid absorption rate and increase peritoneal fluid removal. In the present report, we explored the relationship between peritoneal transport and dialysate loss of endogenous PLs. Methods: We evaluated 48 prevalent continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients with high or low peritoneal transport in a cross-sectional study. The 4-hour dwell dialysate PL profile was analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization ion trap mass spectrometry. The patients' peritoneal small solute transport rate was assessed by D/P-Cr at 4 h and their fluid transport by kinetic modeling. Results: While there were no significant differences between the 2 groups in age, sex, diabetic status and time on dialysis, high transporters had a significantly higher D/P-Cr and peritoneal fluid absorption rate (K-e) than low transporters. The PLs in dialysate effluents mainly consisted of PLs containing unsaturated fatty acid, and the concentrations, as well as the amount, of PLs were significantly elevated in the dialysate of high transporters as compared to low transporters. Conclusion: Our results showed that dialysate from high transporters exhibited elevated levels of PLs, especially PLs containing unsaturated fatty acid, suggesting a possible loss of peritoneal surface-active PLs in peritoneal dialysis, and this loss may contribute to the alteration in peritoneal transport. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Relationship between fish intake, <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids, mercury and risk markers of CHD (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002); Background: Fish consumption has been shown to be inversely associated with CHID, which may be due to n-3 fatty acids. The n-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA, are naturally found only in marine sources. Dietary intakes of methylmercury from certain fish have been hypothesized to increase the risk of CHD.
Concordance of randomized and nonrandomized studies was unrelated to translational patterns of two nutrient-disease associations; Objective: There are several examples in nutrition of discordance between the results of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We hypothesized that this discordance is attributable to differences in the translational paths of nutrient disease associations. Translational paths can be assessed using citation analysis.
Enhanced incorporation of n-3 fatty acids from fish compared with fish oils; This work was undertaken to study the impact of the source of n-3 FA on their incorporation in serum, on blood lipid composition, and on cellular activation. A clinical trial comprising 71 volunteers, divided into five groups, was performed. Three groups were given 400 g smoked salmon (n = 14), cooked salmon (n = 15), or cooked cod (n = 13) per week for 8 wk. A fourth group was given 15 mL/d of cod liver oil (CLO) (n = 15), and a fifth group served as control (n = 14) without supplementation. The serum content of EPA and DHA before and after intervention revealed a higher rise in EPA and DHA in the cooked salmon group (129% rise in EPA and 45% rise in DHA) as compared with CLO (106 and 25%, respectively) despite an intake of EPA and DHA in the CLO group of 3.0 g/d compared with 1.2 g/d in the cooked salmon group. No significant changes were observed in blood lipids, fibrinogen, fibrinolysis, or lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced tissue factor (TF) activity, tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF alpha), interleukin-8 (IL-8), leukotriene B-4 (LTB4), and thromboxane B-2 (TxB(2)) in whole blood. EPA and DHA were negatively correlated with LPS-induced TNF alpha, IL-8, LTB4, TxB(2), and TF in whole blood. In conclusion, fish consumption is more effective in increasing serum EPA and DHA than supplementing the diet with fish oil. Since the n-3 FA are predominantly in TAG in fish as well as CLO, it is suggested that the larger uptake from fish than CLO is due to differences in physiochemical structure of the lipids.
Essential Fatty Acids along the Women's Life Cycle and Promotion of a Well-balanced Metabolism; Linoleic acid (omega-6 LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3 ALA) are essential fatty acids (EFA) for human beings. They must be consumed through diet and then extensively metabolized, a process that plays a fundamental role in health and eventually in disease prevention. Given the numerous changes depending on age and sex, EFA metabolic adaptations require further investigations along the women's life cycle, from onset to decline of the reproductive age. Thus, this review explains women's life cycle stages and their involvement in diet intake, digestion and absorption, the role of microbiota, metabolism, bioavailability, and EFA fate and major metabolites. This knowledge is crucial to promoting lipid homeostasis according to female physiology through well-directed health strategies. Concerning this, the promotion of breastfeeding, nutrition, and physical activity is cardinal to counteract ALA deficiency, LA/ALA imbalance, and the release of unhealthy derivatives. These perturbations arise after menopause that compromise both lipogenic and lipolytic pathways. The close interplay of diet, age, female organism, and microbiota also plays a central role in regulating lipid metabolism. Consequently, future studies are encouraged to propose efficient interventions for each stage of women's cycle. In this sense, plant-derived foods and products are promising to be included in women's nutrition to improve EFA metabolism.
Influence of Temperature Regime in Gas Chromatography on Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Determination in <i>Petrovskaklobasa</i>; Multi-linear programming, known also as step programming, was applied in order to optimize chromatographic parameters and provide the best separation of fatty acid in food samples. After achieving the best parameters, obtained method was applied to compare different methods of FAMEs preparation which were performed to Petrovskaklobasa as a matrix. It was noticed that in situ method provided good results compared to method based on extraction procedure, and therefore in situ method can be used for commercial purposes, since reduces the duration of the analysis as well as financial expenses. Subsequently, optimized GC method has provided fatty acid profile of Serbian traditional dry-fermented sausage characterized by very favorable composition, since the high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids is quite desirable from the aspect of human's health. Thus, the optimized GC method could be enforced in the study of a wide range of food samples that contain fat, raw materials used in their preparation and similar products.
Effects of Serum n-3 to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Ratios on Coronary Atherosclerosis in Statin-Treated Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; A low ratio of n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been associated with cardiovascular events. However, the effects of this ratio on coronary atherosclerosis have not been fully examined. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the correlations between the n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio and coronary atherosclerosis. Coronary atherosclerosis in nonculprit lesions in the percutaneous coronary intervention vessel was evaluated using virtual histology intravascular ultrasound in 101 patients at the time of percutaneous coronary intervention and 8 months after statin therapy. Forty-six patients (46%) showed atheroma progression and the remaining 55 patients (54%) showed atheroma regression at 8-month follow-up. Significant negative correlations were observed between percentage change in plaque volume and change in the eicosa-pentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio (r = -0.190, p = 0.05), docosa-hexaenoic acid (DHA)/AA ratio (r = -0.231, p = 0.02), and EPA + DHA/AA ratio (r = -0.240, p = 0.02). Furthermore, percentage change in the fibrous component volume was negatively and significantly correlated with change in the EPA/AA ratio (r = -0.206, p = 0.04) and EPA + DHA/AA ratio (r = -0.217, p = 0.03). Multivariate regression analysis showed that change in the EPA + DHA/AA ratio was a significant,predictor of percentage change in plaque volume and fibrous component volume (beta = -0.221, p = 0.02, and beta = -0:200, p = 0.04, respectively). In conclusion, decreases in serum n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratios are associated with progression in coronary atherosclerosis evaluated using virtual histology intravascular ultrasound in statin-treated patients with coronary artery disease. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2013;111:6-11)
Multiple aberrations in shared inflammatory and oxidative & nitrosative stress (IO&NS) pathways explain the co-association of depression and cardiovascular disorder (CVD), and the increased risk for CVD and due mortality in depressed patients; There is evidence that there is a bidirectional relationship between major depression and cardiovascular disorder (CVD): depressed patients are a population at risk for increased cardiac morbidity and mortality, and depression is more frequent in patients who suffer from CVD. There is also evidence that inflammatory and oxidative and nitrosative stress (IO&NS) pathways underpin the common pathophysiology of both CVD and major depression. Activation of these pathways may increase risk for both disorders and contribute to shared risk.
Increases in erythrocyte DHA are not associated with increases in LDL-cholesterol: Cooper center longitudinal study; BACKGROUND: The effects of fish oil products containing docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on LDL-C levels are controversial.
Fatty Acid Profile of the Erythrocyte Membranes of Healthy Bahraini Citizens in Comparison with Coronary Heart Disease Patients; We compared the fatty acid compositions including the n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids families in the red blood cell membranes of 26 healthy normal subjects to those with coronary heart disease. The main finding was a significant decrease in the level of docosahexanoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3) in coronary heart disease patients. In addition, an increase in n-6/n-3 ratio, and a decrease in the ratio of 22:6/18:3 (n-3) and in omega-3 index was also observed in coronary heart disease patients. The reduction in 22:6/18:3 (n-3) ratio suggests a defect in the elongation and desaturation steps in the n-3 series. The findings in this study also suggest that the low dietary value of fish from Bahrain water may have resulted in a modest dietary intake of DHA and eicosapentanoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3), which might have been the reason behind the high incidence of coronary heart disease in Bahrain.
Weight training and appropriate nutrient supplementation as an alternative method to pharmacological treatment in rehabilitation of post-myocardial infarction patients; The article describes the impact of weight training, micro-elements and vitamins on rehabilitation in post-myocardial infarction patients. Cardiac rehabilitation is a multi-disciplinary and multi-faceted intervention aimed at restoring well-being and retarding disease progression in patients with heart disease. It has been shown that exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective in reducing total and cardiovascular mortality. Intake of vitamins and other diet supplements was reported to exert beneficial effects. Pharmacological medication is associated with an increased risk of severe arrhythmia, and many adverse outcomes. Therefore, since conventional medicine only relieves the symptoms, cellular nutrition should be used in order to improve the quality of life in post-myocardial infarction patients. These elements prevent another infarction. The following nutrients are reported to have beneficial effects on general and cardiovascular health: amino acids, vitamins, coenzyme Q10, pycnogenol, inositol, omega-3 fatty acids, macromineral elements, and trace mineral elements. In conclusion, the review indicates that appropriate weight training and diet supplementation ensure full recovery and elimination of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.
New Data on the Clinical Impact of Exercise Training, Fish Oils, and Statins in Heart Failure; Despite major advances in the field of cardiovascular (CV) diseases, heart failure (HF) continues to result in considerable CV morbidity and mortality and accounts for an increasing number of acute hospitalizations in adult patients. Recent major trials have focused on exercise training programs and the widely available nutraceutical omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids or fish oil and statins in patients with HF. In this article, we provide insight into the interpretation of the evidence base for these distinct interventions in HF and provide guidance for the clinical incorporation of exercise training and fish oil therapy for additional CV protection in chronic HF.
Dry Eye Assessment and Management (DREAM(C)) Study: Study design and baseline characteristics; Purpose: Describe trial design and baseline characteristics of participants in the DRy Eye Assessment and Management (DREAM(C)) Study.
Stereochemical assignment, antiinflammatory properties, and receptor for the omega-3 lipid mediator resolvin E1; The essential fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) present in fish oils displays beneficial effects in a range of human disorders associated with inflammation including cardiovascular disease. Resolvin E1 (RvE1), a new bioactive oxygenated product of EPA, was identified in human plasma and prepared by total organic synthesis. Results of bioaction and physical matching studies indicate that the complete structure of RvE1 is 5S,12R,18R-trihydroxy-6Z,8E,10E,14Z,16E-EPA. At nanomolar levels, RvE1 dramatically reduced dermal inflammation, peritonitis, dendritic cell (DC) migration, and interleukin (IL) 12 production. We screened receptors and identified one, denoted earlier as ChemR23, that mediates RvE1 signal to attenuate nuclear factor-kappa B. Specific binding of RvE1 to this receptor was confirmed using synthetic [H-3]-labeled RvE1. Treatment of DCs with small interference RNA specific for ChemR23 sharply reduced RvE1 regulation of IL-12. These results demonstrate novel counterregulatory responses in inflammation initiated via RvE1 receptor activation that provide the first evidence for EPA-derived potent endogenous agonists of antiinflammation.
EFFECT OF ANTIOXIDANTS IN PRE ECLAMPSIA WOMEN AT INCREASED RISK; Preeclampsia is a leading cause of maternal and neonatal mortality and morbidity. It is a complex syndrome of undetermined etiologic origin, usually diagnosed during second half of pregnancy. Elevated levels of oxidative lipid derivatives and reduced antioxidants in the circulation of preeclamptics may contribute to endothelial damage. There is good evidence for a significant increase in the levels of malondialdehyde in plasma and erythrocytes. Group I: Normotensive nonpregnant women (control), Group II: Pregnant women with normal blood pressure, Group III: Preeclamptic (pretreatment), women Preeclamptic women were subdivided into Group IIIA: Pre eclamptic women supplemented with Vitamin E (n= 20), Group IIIB: Preeclamptic women supplemented with Omega 3 Fatty Acid, Group IIIC: Preeclamptic women supplemented with Vitamin E 400mg + Omega 3 Fatty Acid. Serum SOD, MDA, GPx, GSH levels were measured in all groups and compared with pre treatment and post treatments results by using the one way ANOVA followed by the Tukey - HSD procedure. Our results showed that supplementation of Vitamin E, Omega 3 fatty acid alone and in combination has significantly increased antioxidant enzyme status and significantly decreased oxidative stress when compared to unsupplemented patients(P< 0.001).
Physical activity as a potential mechanism through which social support may reduce cardiovascular disease risk; Social support has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). It has been suggested that the protective effect of social support is mediated through the autonomic nervous system and/or unhealthy lifestyle behaviors, but data are sparse, especially in diverse populations. The purpose of this study was to evaluate possible pathways through which social support may reduce cardiovascular disease risk. Baseline data from The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Intervention Trial for Heart Health were included in this analysis (N = 501, mean age 48 +/- 13 years, 66% female, 36% nonwhite). Social support was calculated using the Enhancing Recovery in Coronary Heart Disease Patients Social Support Instrument, a validated tool measuring emotional and instrumental support. Emotional support is defined as the belief that one is cared about (high = score >= 18); instrumental social support is defined as help with services (high = score >= 3). Demographics, physical activity, and diet were assessed by standardized questionnaires, and cardiovascular disease risk factors were measured systematically. Linear regression models were adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, sex, marital status, and education. Higher instrumental social support was positively associated with minutes of physical activity per week (P = .007). Higher emotional social support was positively associated with number of days of physical activity per week (P = .023), number of servings of wine per week (P = .007), and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = .014). A mediational analysis was performed, and the relationship between emotional social support and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly attenuated by physical activity days per week and number of servings of wine per week. No significant associations were found for other potential mediators tested including body mass index, waist circumference, and intake of omega-3 fatty acids, beer, or liquor. In this ethnically diverse population, emotional social support was linked to higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels through increased physical activity and wine intake, suggesting possible mechanisms through which social support may reduce cardiovascular disease risk.
Cardiovascular disease; The primary care physician is in a position to advise patients on the efficacy of alternative and complementary therapies as they relate to cardiovascular diseases. Anti-oxidant vitamin supplementation has not been shown to be efficacious in decreasing cardiovascular events. N-3 fatty acids appear to be beneficial in secondary prevention of cardiovascular events but their use in primary prevention is not clear. Adoption of vegetable-based diets, including whole grains, can be recommended to decrease cardiovascular events, lower cholesterol and help lower blood pressure. For patients with hypercholesterolemia, cholestin, a red-yeast rice supplement, has been shown to be effective. Garlic supplements may have some mild cholesterol-lowering effect, but this effect is not significant enough to recommend clinically. Herbal therapies with hawthorn and ubiquinone (Q10) are of possible benefit in congestive heart failure. An integrated program of rigorous diet, exercise and stress reduction in motivated patients with cardiovascular disease may have value as an alternative to cardiovascular medications and surgical interventions.
Effects of oxidative stress on fatty acid- and one-carbon-metabolism in psychiatric and cardiovascular disease comorbidity; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in severe psychiatric disorders (depression, schizophrenia). Here, we provide evidence of how the effects of oxidative stress on fatty acid (FA) and one-carbon (1-C) cycle metabolism, which may initially represent adaptive responses, might underlie comorbidity between CVD and psychiatric disorders.
Highly unsaturated <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids status of Canadian Inuit: International Polar Year Inuit Health Survey, 2007-2008; Objectives. Previous studies suggest that dietary patterns and the extent of reliance upon traditional food vary among Inuit communities. Inuit traditional foods are an important source of nutrients such as highly unsaturated n-3 fatty acids (HUFA n-3), whose beneficial effects include protection against ischemic heart disease. Dietary transition is occurring with younger generations consuming less traditional foods and more market foods with low nutrient density. Utilizing erythrocyte membrane fatty acid composition as an indicator of body HUFA n-3 status, which reflects dietary intake levels of traditional Inuit foods, we explored the regional and age variability of highly unsaturated n-3 fatty acids (HUFA n-3) in the International Polar Year Inuit Health Survey.
The Effects of Long-Term Dietary Therapy on Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia; Aim: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of diet on serum lipids and to assess the effectiveness of long-term dietary therapy for hypertriglyceridemia.
A Comparison of Gene Expression Changes in the Blood of Individuals Consuming Diets Supplemented with Olives, Nuts or Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Background: The Mediterranean diet, which is rich in olive oil, nuts, and fish, is considered healthy and may reduce the risk of chronic diseases. Methods: Here, we compared the transcriptome from the blood of subjects with diets supplemented with olives, nuts, or long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and identified the genes differentially expressed. The dietary genes obtained were subjected to network analysis to determine the main pathways, as well as the transcription factors and microRNA interaction networks to elucidate their regulation. Finally, a gene-associated disease interaction network was performed. Results: We identified several genes whose expression is altered after the intake of components of the Mediterranean diets compared to controls. These genes were associated with infection and inflammation. Transcription factors and miRNAs were identified as potential regulators of the dietary genes. Interestingly, caspase 1 and sialophorin are differentially expressed in the opposite direction after the intake of supplements compared to Alzheimer's disease patients. In addition, ten transcription factors were identified that regulated gene expression in supplemented diets, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease. Conclusions: We identified genes whose expression is altered after the intake of the supplements as well as the transcription factors and miRNAs involved in their regulation. These genes are associated with schizophrenia, neoplasms, and rheumatic arthritis, suggesting that the Mediterranean diet may be beneficial in reducing these diseases. In addition, the results suggest that the Mediterranean diet may also be beneficial in reducing the risk of dementia.
Preoperative Omega-6/Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Could Predict Postoperative Outcomes in Patients with Surgically Resected Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: The aim of this study was to determine whether preoperative nutritional status and inflammatory status, specifically polyunsaturated acids and the omega 6/3 ratio, would affect postoperative outcomes and complications in patients with lung cancer undergoing lung resection. Methods: This prospective observational study included 68 patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer who were candidates for radical surgery. A complete nutritional assessment was performed. The primary study variable was postoperative complications and mortality in the first 30 days. Descriptive, bivariate, and logistic regression analyses were carried out. Results: A total of 50 men (73.53%) and 18 women (26.47%) underwent surgery, with a median age of 64.2 (+/- 9.74) years. The mean omega 6/3 ratio was 17.39 (+/- 9.45). A complication occurred in 39.7% of the study sample (n = 27), the most common being persistent air leak in 23.53% (n = 16). After performing the bivariate analysis, the only variable that remained significant was the omega 6/3 ratio; we observed that it had a prognostic value for persistent air leak (p = 0.001) independent of age, sex, comorbidity, preoperative respiratory function, and approach or type of surgery. The remaining nutritional and inflammatory markers did not have a statistically significant association (p > 0.05) with postoperative complications. However, this significance was not maintained in the multivariate analysis by a small margin (p = 0.052; 95% CI: 0.77-1.41). Conclusions: Omega 6/3 ratio may be a prognostic factor for air leak, independent of the patient's clinical and pathological characteristics.
Divergent shifts in lipid mediator profile following supplementation with n-3 docosapentaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid; In contrast to the well-characterized effects of specialized proresolving lipid mediators (SPMs) derived from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), little is known about the metabolic fate of the intermediary long-chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). In this double blind crossover study, shifts in circulating levels of n-3 and n-6 PUFA-derived bioactive lipid mediators were quantified by an unbiased liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry lipidomic approach. Plasma was obtained from human subjects before and after 7 d of supplementation with pure n-3 DPA, n-3 EPA or placebo (olive oil). DPA supplementation increased the SPM resolvin D5(n-3DPA) (RvD5(n-3DPA)) and maresin (MaR)-1, the DHA vicinal diol 19,20-dihydroxy-DPA and n-6 PUFA derived 15-keto-PG E-2 (15-keto-PGE(2)). EPA supplementation had no effect on any plasma DPA or DHA derived mediators, but markedly elevated monohydroxy-eicosapentaenoic acids (HEPEs), including the e-series resolvin (RvE) precursor 18-HEPE; effects not observed with DPA supplementation. These data show that dietary n-3 DPA and EPA have highly divergent effects on human lipid mediator profile, with no overlap in PUFA metabolites formed. The recently uncovered biologic activity of n-3 DPA docosanoids and their marked modulation by dietary DPA intake reveals a unique and specific role of n-3 DPA in human physiology.Markworth, J. F., Kaur, G., Miller, E. G., Larsen, A. E., Sinclair, A. J., Maddipati, K. R., Cameron-Smith, D. Divergent shifts in lipid mediator profile following supplementation with n-3 docosapentaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid.
A polyunsaturated fatty acid diet lowers blood pressure and improves antioxidant status in spontaneously hypertensive rats; gamma -Linolenic acid [GLA, 18:3(n-6)], eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA, 20:5(n-3)] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA, 22:6(n-3)] have been reported to prevent cardiovascular diseases. However, they are highly unsaturated and therefore more sensitive to oxidation damage. We investigated the effects of a diet rich in these polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on blood pressure, plasma and lipoprotein lipid concentrations, total antioxidant status, lipid peroxidation and platelet function in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and normotensive Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY). Five-week-old SHR and WKY rats were fed for 10 wk either a diet containing Isio 4 oil or a diet rich in GLA, EPA and DHA (5.65, 6.39 and 4.94 g/kg dry diet, respectively). The total antioxidant status was assayed by monitoring the rate of free radical-induced hemolysis. VLDL-LDL sensitivity to copper-induced lipid peroxidation was determined as the production of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. After dietary PUFA supplementation, a significant decrease in blood pressure of SHR rats (-20 mm Hg) was observed and the total antioxidant status was enhanced. VLDL-LDL resistance to copper-induced peroxidation was increased in both strains. The PUFA supplementation did not change platelet maximum aggregation in SHR rats, but it decreased the aggregation speed. In hypertensive rats, GLA + EPA + DHA supplementation lowers blood pressure, enhances total antioxidant status and resistance to lipid peroxidation, diminishes platelet aggregation speed and lowers plasma lipid concentrations. Thus, it enhances protection against cardiovascular diseases. Therefore, nutritional recommendations for cardiovascular disease prevention should take into account the pharmacologic properties of GLA, EPA and DHA.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid and antioxidant modulation of vascular dysfunction in the spontaneously hypertensive rat; Two currently available edible oils-olive and canola-and two oil blends of plant origin having different n-3/n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratios were evaluated for their ability to modify vascular dysfunction in the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR). Synthetic diets supplemented with test oils (5% w/w) were fed for 12 weeks, and segments of thoracic aorta used to assess vascular function. Vessels from the SHR displayed a spontaneous constrictor response after the inhibition of endothelial cell nitric oxide (NO) with N-omega-nitro-L-arginine (NOLA). Dietary alpha -linoleate enrichment led to a reduction (P<0.05) in this abnormality with a dietary n-3/n-6 PUFA ratio of 1.0 (blend-1) yielding the best outcome. Relaxation to acetylcholine (ACh) was unaffected by dietary lipid supplementation. NOLA treated rings also displayed contractions to ACh that were abolished by indomethacin, thromboxane antagonists SQ29548, picotamide and flavonoids kaempferol and quercetin. In contrast, <alpha>-tocopherol, rutin and the lipoxygenase inhibitor esculetin resulted in only partial (30-55%) inhibition, and were ineffective against the NOLA-induced contraction suggesting the operation of different biochemical mechanisms in mediating the spontaneous and Ach-induced contractions. Results implicate plant-based oils and antioxidants as potential modulators of vascular function. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Changing from lipoprotein apheresis to evolocumab treatment lowers circulating levels of arachidonic acid and oxylipins; Background and aims: Previous studies have shown that lipoprotein apheresis can modify the plasma lipidome and pro -inflammatory and pro -thrombotic lipid mediators. This has not been examined for treatment with protein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors such as evolocumab, which are increasingly used instead of lipoprotein apheresis in treatment -resistant familial hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of evolocumab treatment and lipoprotein apheresis on the fatty acid profile and on formation of lipid mediators in blood samples. Methods: We analyzed blood samples from 37 patients receiving either lipoprotein apheresis or evolocumab treatment as part of a previous study. Patients were stratified according to receiving lipoprotein apheresis (n = 19) and evolocumab treatment (n = 18). Serum fatty acid analysis was performed using gas chromatography flame ionization detection and plasma oxylipin analysis was done using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry. Results: Changing from lipoprotein apheresis to evolocumab treatment led to lower levels of omega -6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-6 PUFA) including arachidonic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid and linoleic acid. Moreover, several n-6 PUFA-derived oxylipins were reduced after evolocumab treatment. Conclusions: Given that arachidonic acid, either directly or as a precursor, is associated with the development of inflammation and atherosclerosis, evolocumab-mediated reductions of arachidonic acid and its metabolites might have an additional beneficial effect to lower cardiovascular risk.
A combination of hydroxytyrosol, omega-3 fatty acids and curcumin improves pain and inflammation among early stage breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant hormonal therapy: results of a pilot study; PurposeBreast cancer patients receiving hormonal therapies face risks of relapse, increased rates of cardiovascular events, and toxicities of therapy such as aromatase inhibitor (AI)-associated musculoskeletal symptoms (AIMSS). C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker for inflammation, is associated with breast cancer outcomes. We evaluated whether the olive-derived polyphenol hydroxytyrosol combined with omega-3 fatty acids and curcumin would reduce CRP and musculoskeletal symptoms in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant hormonal therapies.Experimental designThis prospective, multicenter, open-label, single arm, clinical trial enrolled post-menopausal breast cancer patients (n=45) with elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) taking predominantly aromatase inhibitors to receive a combination of hydroxytyrosol, omega-3 fatty acids, and curcumin for 1 month. CRP, other inflammation-associated cytokines, and pain scores on the Brief Pain Inventory were measured before therapy, at the end of therapy and 1 month after completion of therapy.ResultsCRP levels declined during the therapy [from 8.26.4mg/L at baseline to 5.3 +/- 3.2mg/L (p=0.014) at 30days of treatment], and remained decreased during the additional 1 month off therapy. Subjects with the highest baseline CRP levels had the greatest decrease with the therapy. Pain scores also decreased during the therapy. There were no significant adverse events.Conclusions The combination of hydroxytyrosol, omega-3 fatty acids, and curcumin reduced inflammation as indicated by a reduction in CRP and reduced pain in patients with aromatase-induced musculoskeletal symptoms. Longer studies comparing this combination to other anti-inflammatories in larger groups of patients with clinical outcome endpoints are warranted.
Dietary supplementation with fish gelatine modifies nutrient intake and leads to sex-dependent responses in TAG and C-reactive protein levels of insulin-resistant subjects; Previous studies have shown that fish protein, as well as marine n-3 PUFA, may have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk profile. The objectives of this study were to investigate the combined effects of fish gelatine (FG) and n-3 PUFA supplementation on (1) energy intake and body weight, (2) lipid profile and (3) inflammatory and CVD markers in free-living insulin-resistant males and females. Subjects were asked to consume, in a crossover study design with two experimental periods of 8 weeks each, an n-3 PUFA supplement and n-3 PUFA supplement plus FG (n-3 PUFA + FG). n-3 PUFA + FG led to an increase in protein intake and a decrease in carbohydrate intake compared with n-3 PUFA (P < 0.02) in males and females. Sex-treatment interactions were observed for TAG (P = 0.03) and highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) (P = 0 . 001) levels. In females, n-3 PUFA reduced plasma TAG by 8 % and n-3 PUFA + FG by 23 %, whereas in males, n-3 PUFA reduced plasma TAG by 25 % and n-3 PUFA + FG by 11 %. n-3 PUFA increased serum hsCRP by 13 % and n-3 PUFA + FG strongly reduced hsCRP by 40 % in males, whereas in females, n-3 PUFA reduced serum hsCRP by 6 % and n-3 PUFA + FG increased hsCRP by 20 %. In conclusion, supplementation with FG may enhance the lipid-lowering effect of marine n-3 PUFA in females and beneficially counteract the effect of n-3 PUFA on serum hsCRP in males. Further studies are needed to identify the sex-dependent mechanisms responsible for the divergent effects of FG on TAG and hsCRP levels in females and males, respectively.
Randomized clinical trial of omega-3 fatty acid-supplemented enteral nutrition <i>versus</i> standard enteral nutrition in patients undergoing oesophagogastric cancer surgery; Background: Oesophagogastric cancer surgery is immunosuppressive. This may be modulated by omega-3 fatty acids (O-3FAs). The aim of this study was to assess the effect of perioperative O-3FAs on clinical outcome and immune function after oesophagogastric cancer surgery.
Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid fetal-maternal relationships; Fetuses with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) are at increased risk of death and disease during neonatal, pediatric, and adult life. Postnatal deficits in essential fatty acids have been associated with the neural and vascular complications of premature neonates. We studied whether fetal-maternal fatty acid relationships are already impaired in utero in IUGR fetuses. Fetal (F) and maternal (M) fatty acid profiles were determined in utero in 11 normal [appropriate for gestational age (AGA)] and in 10 IUGR fetuses by fetal blood sampling (FBS) between 19 and 39 wk. Total plasma fatty acid concentrations were significantly higher in M than in F of both AGA (M: 2.03 +/- 0.53 mg/mL; F: 0.64 +/- 0.29 mg/mL; p < 0.001) and IUGR (M: 2.16 +/- 0.59 mg/mL; F: 0.73 +/- 0.17 mg/mL; p < 0.001). The F/M ratio was significantly higher for linoleic acid (AGA: 0.36 +/- 0.09 IUGR: 0.52 +/- 0.12; p < 0.01) and significantly lower for the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (AGA: 1.94 +/- 0.32 IUGR: 1.25 +/- 0.19; p < 0.05) and arachidonic acid (AGA: 2.35 +/- 0.35%; IUGR: 2.04 +/- 0.3%; p < 0.05) in IUGR compared with AGA pregnancies. The differences observed in the relative amounts but not in total plasma concentrations of fatty acid fetal-maternal relationships in pregnancies associated with IUGR could be related to inadequate transplacental supply as well as to a fetal lack of the enzymes necessary for elaboration of these metabolically relevant conditionally essential fatty acids. These differences might have a role in determining the biochemical environment leading to the neural and vascular complications associated with IUGR.
Lowering triglycerides to modify cardiovascular risk: will icosapent deliver?; Despite the clinical benefits of lowering levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, many patients continue to experience cardiovascular events. This residual risk suggests that additional risk factors require aggressive modification to result in more effective prevention of cardiovascular disease. Hypertriglyceridemia has presented a considerable challenge with regard to understanding its role in the promotion of cardiovascular risk. Increasing evidence has established a clear causal role for elevated triglyceride levels in vascular risk. As a result, there is increasing interest in the development of specific therapeutic strategies that directly target hypertriglyceridemia. This has seen a resurgence in the use of omega-3 fatty acids for the therapeutic lowering of triglyceride levels. The role of these agents and other emerging strategies to reduce triglyceride levels in order to decrease vascular risk are reviewed.
Dietary approaches for management of cardio-vascular health- a review; Dietary patterns of consumers have changed and the importance of diet as a therapeutic adjunct in the form of nutraceuticals has become the trend of the millennium. Major contributory factor behind this trend is the idea of improving health by modifying the diet that is more attractive to the health conscious consumer as compared to drugs. According to a recent report of WHO, prevalence of cardio vascular disease has increased progressively in the past few years. It has been estimated that one-fifth of deaths in India are due to coronary heart disease that is inflicting at a much younger age in Indians than in the West. Such an insight suggests that cardiac health needs protection. Food products containing functional ingredients that are useful in controlling various different diseases are expected to provide health benefits. Recent research indicates that foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins and fibres may be beneficial for cardio-vascular health.
Dietary fish and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with leukocyte <i>ABCA1</i> DNA methylation levels; Objectives: A diet rich in fish and oi-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been thought to reduce the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). The beneficial effects of fish oil and oi-3 PUFA on CVD can be mediated by epigenetic status of the genes associated with lipid metabolism and inflammation. The aim of this study was to investigate whether dietary fish and fatty acid (FA) intakes are associated with leukocyte ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) DNA methylation levels in a Japanese population.
Nutritional related cardiovascular risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease in IRAN: A case-control study; Background and aims: There are limited findings available on coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors and nutritional pattern of CAD patients in Iran. The purpose of this study was to compare nutritional-related risk factors of CAD patients with that of matched controls.
Intake of polyunsaturated fat in relation to mortality among statin users and non-users in the Southern Community Cohort Study; Background and aims: Consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), especially the n3-series, may protect against cardiovascular disease (CVD), but recent randomized studies have failed to demonstrate these benefits. One of the prevailing hypotheses is that PUFA intake may not confer benefits beyond those provided by statins, but studies comparing statin users to non-users with regard to effects of PUFA are lacking.
The Hypolipidemic Effect of an Ethyl Ester of Algal-Docosahexaenoic Acid in Rats Fed a High-Fructose Diet; Preclinical and clinical studies demonstrate that the omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) as a triacylglycerol (TAG) or an ethyl ester are protective against cardiovascular disease. Both have significant TAG-lowering effects. We developed a concentrated ethyl ester of DHA (MATK-90, 900 mg/g) using microalgae as its source. This study evaluated the effects that different doses of MATK-90 had on lipid levels and clinical parameters in male Wistar rats fed a high-fructose diet used to induce hypertriglyceridemia (TAG a parts per thousand yen 300 mg/dL). Effects of MATK-90 were compared to those produced by a pharmaceutical product (Lovaza, formerly Omacor, P-OM3; 465 mg EPA + 375 mg DHA), a TAG oil used in food (DHASCO, algal-DHA, 40% DHA by weight), and a control (corn oil). Doses of MATK-90 (0.6, 1.3, 2.5, 5.0 g kg(-1) day(-1)), algal-DHA (2 g DHA kg(-1) day(-1)), and P-OM3 (5.0 g kg(-1) day(-1)) were administered by oral gavage for 28 days. A significant dose-related decrease was observed in TAG and cholesterol levels in all but the lowest dose of MATK-90 treatment group vs. control. The high-dose group of MATK-90 and the P-OM3 group produced similar reductions in TAG levels.
Benefits of blended oil consumption over other sources of lipids on the cardiovascular system in obese rats; High consumption of cooking oils in modern society is believed to be the major cause of cardiovascular disease. The effect of cooking oils depends on their fatty acid composition. Therefore, it is important to blend different types of oils to improve functional properties. In this study we evaluated the effects of a functional blended oil (BO) composed of a high level of oleic acid (OA) (50.93%) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) (5.41%) on cardiovascular health, blood pressure (BP) and body weight (BW) in comparison with lard oil (LO) and peanut oil (PO). Ninety male Wistar rats were divided into three groups and fed for 12 weeks with BO, LO and PO. Each group was divided into low, middle and high fat groups and fed with oil supply ratios of 6.7%, 10.9% and 48.1%, respectively. After the feeding period, the rats were sacrificed, and data were collected and analyzed. Rats treated with BO especially at a high dose (HBO) showed a significantly lower body weight, fat weight, liver weight, fat ratio, food intake and energy intake. BO significantly reduced n-6/n-3 levels in plasma, liver and adipose tissues as well as serum triglycerides (TGs) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) but contrarily increased high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Furthermore, HBO treatments decreased mRNA expression of lipid anabolism-related genes, lipid inflammatory-related genes, toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor kappa beta (NF-kappa B) and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 and increased lipid catabolism-related genes as well as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma mRNA (PPAR gamma mRNA). In terms of antioxidant enzymes, BO treatment has increased the activity of catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) by lowering malondialdehyde (MDA) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) in tissues. Moreover, BO supplementation showed a significant lowering effect on the serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), blood pressure (BP), atherosclerosis index (AI) and heart rate (HR). These findings highlight that the new blend of canola oil, corn oil, olive oil, peanut oil and sunflower oil with a low n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio of 6:1 could prevent and control cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Docosahexaenoic acid neurolipidomics; Mediator lipidomics is a field of study concerned with the characterization, structural elucidation and bioactivity of lipid derivatives actively generated by enzymatic activity. It is well known that omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial for brain function. Docosahexaenoic acid [DNA; 422:6(n-3)] is the most abundant essential omega-3 fatty acid present in the brain and it has multiple mechanisms of exerting protective effects after cellular injury. Certain lipid species produced from DHA early during the reperfusion stage of brain ischemia-reperfusion injury are generated in order to help the cell cope as the injury progresses. We explore these newly discovered lipid mediators in order to understand their role in the cell. We have identified one of these potentially protective lipid mediators as a novel stereospecific DHA-derived fatty acid, called neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1; 10R,17S-dihydroxy-docosa-4Z,7Z,11E,15E,19Z hexaenoic acid). DHA also has important roles in pro-survival signaling cascades after ischemia-reperfusion in injury. It has been shown to accelerate AKT translocation and activation and has binding affinity with an important PPAR-gamma family of ligand-activated nuclear receptors that have been implicated in various aspects of lipid metabolism and have been shown to have anti-inflammatory actions. Here we present an overview of these mechanisms and discuss the potential of using DHA signaling in the development of treatments for the large population of patients suffering from the devastating consequences of stroke. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Postprandial effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins and vascular reactivity in type 2 diabetes; Background: Plasma lipoproteins may be classified by their apolipoprotein composition. The lipoprotein subclass containing apolipoproteins B and C (LpB:C) is considered the most atherogenic.
Short-term diabetic ketosis alters n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid content in plasma phospholipids; At present, no information is available about the possibility that acute loss of metabolic control might be able to modify fatty acid composition in IDDM patients. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine whether a short-term period of ketosis has any effect on the composition of fatty acid of plasma phospholipids in a group of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) patients. Eleven IDDM patients and nine healthy volunteers were studied. Patients were studied over a a-day period; each a-day period consisted of initial baseline measurements followed by a day of hyperglycemia and mild ketosis, which was promptly alleviated by insulin infusion.
Comparative Analysis of Content of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Food and Muscle Tissue of Fish from Aquaculture and Natural Habitats; Two fish species reared in aquaculture (pink salmon Oncorhynchus gorbuscha and whitefish Coregonus lavaretus) and ten fish species from natural habitats (whitefish C. lavaretus, tugun Coregonus tugun, broad whitefish Coregonus nasus, least cisco Coregonus sardinella, vendace Coregonus albula, boganid charr Salvelinus boganidae, charr Salvelinus alpinus complex, northern pike Esox lucius, sharp-snouted lenok Brachymystax lenok, and taimen Hucho taimen) have been studied. The content of two long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3, EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3, DHA), in the muscle tissue of the fish and in their food (intestine contents) are compared. In the aquacultures of whitefish and pink salmon, the total content of EPA and DHA is significantly higher in feed than in the muscle tissue of the fish, which indicates losses of PUFA in the two-link food chain of the aquaculture during their transfer to the upper trophic level. EPA and DHA losses in aquaculture, which are confirmed by numerous literature data, mean an inefficient usage of the available sources of PUFAs and the aggravation of the global deficit of these biochemicals in the human diet. A study of natural fish populations reveals the accumulation of EPA and DHA in their biomass compared to food in many cases, although opposite phenomena are also observed. An assumption on the presence of an optimal, physiologically adequate species-specific level of PUFA in the fish muscle tissue has been made based on our data and literature data. If the level of PUFAs in the muscles is lower than optimal, their accumulation (bioaccumulation) from food and/or de novo synthesis are observed. When the optimal level is exceeded, the content of EPA and DHA in biomass approaches maximum species-specific values; however, part of these PUFAs entering from food is not digested or is catabolized. According to the obtained data, the species of the order Salmoniformes have an optimal level of 2 to 6 mg/g of wet weight. It has been found that in aquaculture approaching to maximum values of EPA + DHA content was accompanied by their losses (scattering) in the food chains, while in natural ecosystems the maximum values of PUFA content in the fish biomass are achieved by their accumulation from the lower trophic level. Boganid charr S. boganidae had the highest content of EPA + DHA in the muscle tissue among all known fish species (32.78 mg/g of wet weight).
Effects of fish and krill oil on gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and circulating markers of inflammation: a randomised controlled trial; Marine n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids alter gene expression by regulating the activity of transcription factors. Krill oil is a source of marine n-3 fatty acids that has been shown to modulate gene expression in animal studies; however, the effect in humans is not known. Hence, we aimed to compare the effect of intake of krill oil, lean and fatty fish with a similar content of n-3 fatty acids, and high-oleic sunflower oil (HOSO) with added astaxanthin on the expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) as well as circulating inflammatory markers. In an 8-week trial, healthy men and women aged 18-70 years with fasting TAG of 1.3-4.0 mmol/l were randomised to receive krill oil capsules (n 12), HOSO capsules (n 12) or lean and fatty fish (n 12). The weekly intakes of marine n-3 fatty acids from the interventions were 4654, 0 and 4103 mg, respectively. The mRNA expression of four genes, PPAR gamma coactivator 1A (PPARGC1A), steaoryl-CoA desaturase (SCD), ATP binding cassette A1 (ABCA1) and cluster of differentiation 40 (CD40), were differently altered by the interventions. Furthermore, within-group analyses revealed that krill oil down-regulated the mRNA expression of thirteen genes, including genes involved in glucose and cholesterol metabolism and beta-oxidation. Fish altered the mRNA expression of four genes and HOSO down-regulated sixteen genes, including several inflammation-related genes. There were no differences between the groups in circulating inflammatory markers after the intervention. In conclusion, the intake of krill oil and HOSO with added astaxanthin alter the PBMC mRNA expression of more genes than the intake of fish.
Modifications in mitochondrial metabolism and ultrastructure and their relationship to tumour growth inhibition by gamma-linolenic acid; Walker 256 tumour-bearing rats were fed pelleted chow containing low-gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) (2.98%) or high-GLA (5.55%) during the twelve-day period after subcutaneous implantation of the tumour. The presence of n-6, polyunsaturated GLA in the diet caused a concentration-dependent decrease in tumour growth, reaching an almost 50% reduction in final tumour weight in the high-GLA group. The eicosatrienoic acid content of the whole tumour homogenate and of the Percoll-purified mitochondrial fraction was increased by the GLA-rich diets. Changes in the fatty acid composition of the cytoplasmic acyl CoA pool were also found, with increases in GLA content in both the low- and high-GLA groups. Additionally, increases in eicosatrienoic acid and arachidonic acid were found in the high-GLA group. Both the cytoplasmic acyl CoA content and the mitochondrial acyl CoA synthetase activity were increased by GLA in the diet and lipid peroxidation was also increased as determined by an increase in TBARS content. Changes in mitochondrial fatty acid composition were accompanied by a decrease in the mitochondrial membrane potential in the high-GLA group. Tumours from the control and GLA groups were examined by transmission electron microscopy. This revealed an increase in mitochondrial area and volume in the high-GLA group, in comparison with the control group, as well as a change in general cell ultrastructure, with many cells found in an apoptotic state or in a necrotic state, possibly secondary to apoptosis. The data presented show that the addition of GLA to the diet of Walker 256 tumour-bearing rats can greatly decrease the rate of development of the tumour burden. This may be, in part, due to the accumulation of poorly metabolised acyl CoA's within the tumour cell cytoplasm which, when coupled with altered mitochondrial composition, membrane potential and ultrastructure, may be a signal for cell death.
Antioxidant Therapeutic Strategies for Cardiovascular Conditions Associated with Oxidative Stress; Oxidative stress (OS) refers to the imbalance between the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the ability to scavenge these ROS by endogenous antioxidant systems, where ROS overwhelms the antioxidant capacity. Excessive presence of ROS results in irreversible damage to cell membranes, DNA, and other cellular structures by oxidizing lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids. Oxidative stress plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases related to hypoxia, cardiotoxicity and ischemia-reperfusion. Here, we describe the participation of OS in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular conditions such as myocardial infarction, anthracycline cardiotoxicity and congenital heart disease. This review focuses on the different clinical events where redox factors and OS are related to cardiovascular pathophysiology, giving to support for novel pharmacological therapies such as omega 3 fatty acids, non-selective betablockers and microRNAs.
Inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase induces cell death in anti-inflammatory fatty acid-treated HL-60 cells; Background: Enteral nutrition containing eicosapentaenoic (20:5 omega-3) and gamma-linolenic acid (18:3 omega-6) decreases leukotriene B, levels and neutrophils in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients and animals with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Reduction in pulmonary inflammation may be caused by decreased neutrophil migration or survival. We showed that apoptosis increases in eicosapentaenoic/gamma-linolenic acid-treated HL-60 cells. We hypothesize that eicosapentaenoic/-gamma-linolenic acid-induced apoptosis involves downstream metabolic products of lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase enzymes. This study determined the effects of inhibitors of lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase enzymes on eicosapentaenoic/-gamma-linolenic acid-treated HL-60 cells. Methods: Cells were incubated with 50 muM eicosapentaenoic/20 muM gamma-linolenic acid in the presence of an enzyme inhibitor (1-10 muM) for 12 hours. Compounds were used to inhibit cyclooxygenase (ibuprofen), 12-lipoxygenase (baicalein), or 5-lipoxygenase (AA-861). Flow cytometry assessed viability, apoptosis, and necrosis. Results: 5-Lipoxygenase inhibition decreased cell viability and increased cell death (apoptosis + necrosis) in eicosapentaenoic/-gamma-linolenic acid-treated HL-60 cells. Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 and 2 and 12-lipoxygenase had no significant effect on cellular viability and death in eicosapentaenoicl-gamma-linolenic acid-treated HL-60 cells. Adding leukotriene B, counteracted the effect of 5-lipoxygenase inhibition on apoptosis in eicosapentaenoic/gamma-linolenic acid-treated HL-60 cells. Conclusions: These data suggest that the processing of eicosapentaenoic and gamma-linolenic acid by 5-lipoxygenase is critical to HL-60 cell survival.
Cardiovascular disease prevention in women: Impact of dietary interventions; In Western countries, cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women.
Circadian heart rate and blood pressure variability considered for research and patient care; Objectives: To review mechanisms of circadian variations in heart rate variability (HRV) and blood pressure variability (BPV) and mortality and morbidity due to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Methods: Results from 7-day/24-h HRV and BPV are interpreted by gender and age-specified reference values in the context of a Medline search. Results: Abnormal HRV and BPV measured around the clock for 7 days provides information on the risk of subsequent morbid events in subjects without obvious heart disease and without abnormality outside the conventional (in the sense of chronobiologically unquantified) physiological range. Meditation, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors, n-3 fatty acids and estrogens may have a beneficial influence on HRV, but there is no definitive outcome-validated therapy. Low HRV has been associated with a risk of arrhythmias and arrhythmic death, unstable angina, myocardial infarction, progression of heart failure and atherosclerosis. BPV may be characterized by treatable circadian-hyper-amplitude-tension (CHAT), which can be transient '24-h CHAT' or '7-day-CHAT', MESOR-hypertension and/or an unusually-timed (odd) circadian acrophase (ecphasia), all associated with an increased risk of stroke, stroke death, myocardial infarction, and kidney disease. Conclusions: Precise insight into the patho-physiology in time of HRV and BPV is needed with development of a consensus on best measures of HRV for clinical purposes and to determine when a 7-day record interpreted chronobiologically suffices and when it does not, for detection within as well as outside the conventional normal range, for diagnostic clinical practice and to direct therapy of risk greater than that associated with hypertension, smoking or any other risk factor. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutrition intervention to decrease symptoms in patients with advanced heart failure; For a majority of patients with advanced heart failure, there is a need for complementary, non-pharmacologic interventions that could be easily implemented by health care providers to provide palliative care. Three major pathologic pathways underlying heart failure symptoms have been identified: fluid overload, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Prior research has demonstrated that three nutrients-sodium, omega-3 fatty acids, and lycopene-can alter these pathologic pathways. Therefore, the purposes of this study are to test the effects of a 6-month nutrition intervention of dietary sodium reduction combined with supplementation of lycopene and omega-3 fatty acids on heart failure symptoms, health-related quality of life, and time to heart failure rehospitalization or all-cause death. The aims of this double blind-placebo controlled study are (1) to determine the effects of a 6-month nutrition intervention on symptom burden (edema, shortness of air, and fatigue) and health-related quality of life at 3 and 6 months, and time to heart failure rehospitalization or all-cause death over 12 months from baseline; (2) compare dietary sodium intake, inflammation, and markers of oxidative stress between the nutrition intervention group and a placebo group at 3 and 6 months; and (3) compare body weight, serum lycopene, and erythrocyte omega-3 index between the nutrition intervention group and a placebo group at 3 and 6 months. A total of 175 patients with advanced heart failure will be randomized to either the nutrition intervention or placebo group. (c) 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Res Nurs Health 36:120145, 2013
Two methods provide similar signals for the need to update systematic reviews; Objective: Apply and compare two methods that identify signals for the need to update systematic reviews, using three Evidence-based Practice Center reports on omega-3 fatty acids as test cases.
Improving the odds: ezetimibe and cardiovascular disease; The beauty of science is that well-conducted experiments provide answers to questions which were posed in times of greater ignorance. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and will be for some time. Cholesterol is a critical player which drives the underlying pathophysiological process of atherosclerosis. Statins are the first line treatment for lipids in CVD given their ability to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by up to 50%, and their proven benefits in both primary and secondary intervention . Despite the unprecedented efficacy of statins, additional treatments are sought to potentially reduce the residual risk that remains despite statin treatment such as that associated with reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (HDL-C) or triglycerides . In the last 5years, several trials have reported on their potential additional benefit beyond statin therapy. These include omega-3 fatty acids in patients with prediabetes or diabetes , fibrates in diabetes , nicotinic acid/niacin in cardiovascular disease and cholesterol ester transfer protein inhibitors in cardiovascular disease . Despite their promise, none of these treatments were able to demonstrate benefit beyond baseline statin therapy when compared with placebo . The idea that benefit beyond statin treatment may be an unachievable goal has dogged the medical community working on CVD prevention. The phrase, Statins for atherosclerosis - as good as it gets?' was coined in 2005 and has rung true up until now (8).
Adjunctive therapy with lipid-lowering agents in COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; BackgroundMany commonly used drugs were evaluated as repurposed treatment options since the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. The benefit of lipid-lowering agents has been controversial in this regard. In this systematic review, we assessed the effect of these medications as adjunctive therapy in COVID-19 by the inclusion of randomized controlled trials (RCTs).MethodsWe searched four international databases including PubMed, the Web of Science, Scopus, and Embase for RCTs in April 2023. The primary outcome was mortality, while other efficacy indices were considered secondary outcomes. In order to estimate the pooled effect size of the outcomes, considering the odds ratio (OR) or standardized mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI), random-effect meta-analyses was conducted.ResultsTen studies involving 2,167 COVID-19 patients using statins, omega-3 fatty acids, fenofibrate, PCSK9 inhibitors, and nicotinamide as intervention compared to control or placebo, were included. No significant difference was found in terms of mortality (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.59, p-value = 0.86, I-2 = 20.4%) or length of hospital stay (SMD -0.10, 95% CI -0.78 to 0.59, p-value = 0.78, I-2 = 92.4%) by adding a statin to the standard of care. The trend was similar for fenofibrate and nicotinamide. PCSK9 inhibition, however, led to decreased mortality and an overall better prognosis. Omega-3 supplementation showed contradicting results in two trials, suggesting the need for further evaluation.ConclusionAlthough some observational studies found improved outcomes in patients using lipid-lowering agents, our study found no benefit in adding statins, fenofibrate, or nicotinamide to COVID-19 treatment. On the other hand, PCSK9 inhibitors can be a good candidate for further assessment. Finally, there are major limitations in the use of omega-3 supplements in treating COVID-19 and more trials are warranted to evaluate this efficacy.
EFFECT OF PRAVASTATIN AND OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS ON PLASMA-LIPIDS AND LIPOPROTEINS IN PATIENTS WITH COMBINED HYPERLIPIDEMIA; This study compared the effects of a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase inhibitor, fish oil, and placebo on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in patients with mixed hyperlipidemia. After an initial run-in phase, 32 patients were randomized for 6 weeks to either (1) pravastatin 40 mg/d, n=10; (2) fish oil (himega 6 g/d, equivalent to 3 g omega-3 fatty acids/d), n=10; or (3) placebo. After single drug therapy, in the pravastatin group mean total plasma cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and apolipoprotein (ape) B fell significantly by 23% (P<.001), 30% (P<.001), and 26% (P<.01), respectively. LDL Stokes' diameter did not change. In the fish oil group mean plasma triglycerides (TG) fell 30% (P<.05), LDL Stokes' diameter increased from 25.0 to 25.9 nm (P<.05), and there was a nonsignificant increase in LDL-C. There were no changes in the placebo group. To assess the effect of the combination of pravastatin plus fish oil therapy, all patients, except one woman from the placebo group who developed nausea on fish oil, then took combined therapy of pravastatin 40 mg/d plus fish oil 6 g/d for an additional 12 weeks. In each case, there were no clinically significant episodes of muscle tenderness or elevation of creatine phosphokinase or alanine aminotransferase. After 12 weeks of combined therapy of pravastatin plus fish oil, there were significant reductions in the mean TC, TG, LDL-C, and apoB in the three groups compared with baseline levels. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apoA-I did not change on any single or combined drug therapy. The effect of drug therapy on lipoprotein fractions was also determined. Lipoproteins of intermediate-density lipoprotein (IDL; Svedberg flotation units [S-f] 12 to 60) and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL; S-f>60) were isolated by ultracentrifugation. With pravastatin treatment, the concentration of VLDL and IDL did not change significantly, even though there was a trend toward a lower concentration of IDL lipids. With fish oil, the concentration of VLDL lipids fell significantly by at least 37% (P<.05), whereas IDL remained unchanged. However, combined therapy of pravastatin plus fish oil reduced the concentration of both VLDL and IDL by at least 35% (both P<.01). In addition, combined therapy reduced the TC-to-TG ratio in VLDL by 25% (P<.05). These results showed that in patients with mixed hyperlipidemia pravastatin lowered TC more than TG, whereas fish oil lowered TG but not TC. The combination of pravastatin plus fish oil reduced both TC and TG and appeared safe to use in the short term. Fish oil decreased the concentration of VLDL. However, the combination of pravastatin and fish oil effectively reduced the concentration of VLDL and IDL.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the molecular mechanisms of adaptation to high temperatures in <i>Gracilaria bailinae</i>; Global warming causes great thermal stress to macroalgae and those species that can adapt to it are thought to be better able to cope with warmer oceans. Gracilaria bailinae, a macroalgae with high economic and ecological values, can survive through the hot summer in the South China Sea, but the molecular mechanisms underlying its adaptation to high temperatures are unclear. To address this issue, the present study analyzed the growth and transcriptome of G. bailinae after a 7-day exposure to 15 degrees C (LT: low temperature), 25 degrees C (MT: middle temperature), and 35 degrees C (HT: high temperature). Growth analysis showed that the HT group had the highest relative growth rate (RGR = 2.1%) with the maximum photochemical quantum yield of PSII (F-v/F-m = 0.62) remaining within the normal range. Transcriptome analysis showed more differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in the comparison between MT and HT groups than in that between MT and LT, and most of these DEGs tended to be downregulated at higher temperatures. The KEGG pathway enrichment analysis showed that the DEGs were mainly enriched in the carbohydrate, energy, and lipid metabolisms. In addition, the genes involved in NADPH and ATP synthesis, which are associated with photosynthesis, the Calvin cycle, pyruvate metabolism, and the citrate cycle, were downregulated. Downregulation was also observed in genes that encode enzymes involved in fatty acid desaturation and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism. In summary, G. bailinae regulated the synthesis of NADPH and ATP, which are involved in the above-mentioned processes, to reduce unnecessary energy consumption, and limited the synthesis of enzymes in the metabolism of unsaturated fatty acids and alpha-linolenic acid to adapt to high environmental temperatures. The results of this study improve our understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying the adaptation of G. bailinae to high temperatures.
EFFECT OF DIETARY ALPHA-LINOLENATE LINOLEATE BALANCE ON ENDOTOXIN-INDUCED HEPATITIS IN MICE; Mice were fed diets with three different ratios of alpha-linolenate (18:3n-3) to linoleate (18:2n-6), and the severity of hepatitis during endotoxic shock was compared. Dietary enrichment with alpha-linolenate increased the severity of hepatitis and the mortality induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in combination with D-galactosamine (GaIN). Differences in the dietary alpha-linolenate/linoleate balance were mainly reflected in the levels of arachidonate and eicosapenatenoate in liver phospholipids. Pretreatment of mice with indomethacin was found to also enhance the severity of GalN/LPS-hepatitis. This indicated that cyclooxygenase products of arachidonate may suppress the development of GalN/LPS-hepatitis. The enhancement by high a-linolenate diets was not observed when a lethal dose of LPS in the absence of GalN was given. Our results indicate that there are pathophysiological conditions of endotoxin-induced hepatitis under which cyclooxygenase products of arachidonate play protective roles.
The Anti-Inflammatory Effect of Algae-Derived Lipid Extracts on Lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-Stimulated Human THP-1 Macrophages; Algae contain a number of anti-inflammatory bioactive compounds such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and chlorophyll a, hence as dietary ingredients, their extracts may be effective in chronic inflammation-linked metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease. In this study, anti-inflammatory potential of lipid extracts from three red seaweeds (Porphyra dioica, Palmaria palmata and Chondrus crispus) and one microalga (Pavlova lutheri) were assessed in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated human THP-1 macrophages. Extracts contained 34%-42% total fatty acids as n-3 PUFA and 5%-7% crude extract as pigments, including chlorophyll a, -carotene and fucoxanthin. Pretreatment of the THP-1 cells with lipid extract from P. palmata inhibited production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-6 (p < 0.05) and IL-8 (p < 0.05) while that of P. lutheri inhibited IL-6 (p < 0.01) production. Quantitative gene expression analysis of a panel of 92 genes linked to inflammatory signaling pathway revealed down-regulation of the expression of 14 pro-inflammatory genes (TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, TLR8, TRAF5, TRAF6, TNFSF18, IL6R, IL23, CCR1, CCR4, CCL17, STAT3, MAP3K1) by the lipid extracts. The lipid extracts effectively inhibited the LPS-induced pro-inflammatory signaling pathways mediated via toll-like receptors, chemokines and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-B) signaling molecules. These results suggest that lipid extracts from P. lutheri, P. palmata, P. dioica and C. crispus can inhibit LPS-induced inflammatory pathways in human macrophages. Therefore, algal lipid extracts should be further explored as anti-inflammatory ingredients for chronic inflammation-linked metabolic diseases.
The essentiality of arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid; Objective: The purpose of this review is to correlate the clinical finding that patients receiving parenteral nutrition with a fish oil-based lipid emulsion do not develop essential fatty acid deficiency (EFAD) with an experimental murine model, thus showing that arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are likely to be the essential fatty acids.
Adiponectin and marine <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in patients referred for coronary angiography; Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in particular eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and have anti-inflammatory effects. We examined whether levels of serum adiponectin were related to the occurrence and extent of CHD, and whether intake of n-3 PUFAs was associated to high levels of adiponectin. Serum adiponectin and the content of n-3 PUFAs in subcutaneous adipose tissue, platelets and granulocytes were measured in 291 patients referred to elective coronary angiography. Significantly lower levels of serum adiponectin were observed in patients with coronary stenoses compared to patients without stenoses (7336 +/- 3598 ng/ml vs 10,203 +/- 8396 ng/ml; p=0.003), but no significant correlation was seen between serum adiponectin and the extent of CHD. In men, serum adiponectin correlated to levels of the content of EPA in platelets (r=0.26; p<0.01) and in granulocytes (r=0.23; p<0.01) and to the content of DHA in subcutaneous adipose tissue (r=0.15; p<0.05) and granulocytes (r=0.17; p<0.05). After regression analysis EPA in platelets (p=0.017) and granulocytes (p=0.030) remained an independent correlate of adiponectin levels, while DHA was no longer an independent correlate.
Depression and coronary heart disease:: Complex synergism of mind, body, and environment; Beyond depression's impact on life quality, it is associated with both the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) and its prognosis. Depression is three times more common in CHD patients than in the general community. It is independently associated with at least a doubling in risk of subsequent cardiac events. Studies also show that it may precede the development of clinically evident CHD by many years. The mechanisms linking depression. and CHD are currently unknown and likely to be complex. In addition to behavioral factors, changes in autonomic regulation., vascular disease of the brain, subchronic inflammation, reduced omega-3 free fatty acid levels, and enhanced platelet responsiveness may all be involved. Only one large clinical trial has attempted to alter CHD prognosis by treating depression. It succeeded in producing a small, but significant reduction in depression symptoms, but had no impact on subsequent CHD events. While debate continues about the causal relationship between CHD and depression, the best treatment strategy to improve prognosis in depressed CHD patients remains intensive modification of standard CHD risk factors in, combination with treatment of depression to improve life quality.
Inhibitory effects of omega-3 fatty acids on injury-induced epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation contribute to delayed wound healing; Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mediated signaling is required for optimal intestinal wound healing. Since n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), specifically docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), alter EGFR signaling and suppress downstream activation of key signaling pathways, we hypothesized that DHA would be detrimental to the process of intestinal wound healing. Using a mouse immortalized colonocyte model, DHA uniquely reduced EGFR ligand-induced receptor activation, whereas DHA and its metabolic precursor eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduced wound-induced EGFR transactivation compared with control (no fatty acid or linoleic acid). Under wounding conditions, the suppression of EGFR activation was associated with a reduction in downstream activation of cytoskeletal remodeling proteins (PLC gamma(1), Rac1, and Cdc42). Subsequently, DHA and EPA reduced cell migration in response to wounding. Mice were fed a corn oil-, DHA-, or EPA-enriched diet prior to intestinal wounding (2.5% dextran sodium sulfate for 5 days followed by termination after 0, 3, or 6 days of recovery). Mortality was increased in EPA-fed mice and colonic histological injury scores were increased in EPA- and DHA-fed mice compared with corn oil-fed (control) mice. Although kinetics of colonic EGFR activation and downstream signaling (PLC gamma(1), Rac1, and Cdc42) were delayed by both n-3 PUFA, colonic repair was increased in EPA- relative to DHA-fed mice. These results indicate that, during the early response to intestinal wounding, DHA and EPA uniquely delay the activation of key wound-healing processes in the colon. This effect is mediated, at least in part, via suppression of EGFR-mediated signaling and downstream cytoskeletal remodeling.
Similar fatty acid status of plasma lipids in postmenopausal women newly diagnosed with breast cancer and those receiving aromatase inhibitor therapy; Background/Aim. Dysregulation of fatty acid (FA) me-tabolism is recognized as a component of malignant trans-formation in many cancers, including breast cancer (BC), and is often related to disease progression and prognosis. Adjuvant endocrine BC therapy using aromatase inhibitors may also influence FA metabolism. Thus, the aim of our study was to compare plasma total lipids FA status in newly diagnosed postmenopausal patients with BC and in postmenopausal women with BC receiving aromatase inhibitors at least 2 years after completing chemotherapy with healthy women. Methods. The study included 17 newly diagnosed postmenopausal BC patients (ND group) and 21 postmenopausal women with BC receiving aromatase inhibitor therapy 2 years after ending chemotherapy (AI group), while a total of 15 apparently healthy women without a family history of BC, comparable in age and body mass index, served as a control group. Results. In both patient groups, we found significantly lower levels of vaccenic acid (18:1n-7), alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA, 18:3n-6), and docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-3), and a significantly higher level of di- homo-gamma-linolenic (20:3n-6), when compared with the control group. On the other hand, a significantly lower level of stearic acid (18:0) was observed only in AI patients, while the level of linoleic acid (18:2n-6) was significantly higher in ND women than in the control group. Reduced estimated activities of D6 and D5 desaturases were found in both patient groups than in the control group. Conclusion. Our results indicate that FA profiles of plasma lipids of the newly diagnosed, untreated BC patients are very similar to those of cured BC patients who underwent all sessions of chemotherapy and received aromatase inhibitors for at least two years. Additionally, according to our results, their FA profiles markedly differ from those of healthy women. Therefore, supplementation with omega-3 FA and GLA could have beneficial effects in these patients, and further studies should address the potential clinical benefits of the supplementation.
Dietary intake of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and future risk of venous thromboembolism; Background: Studies on the association between long-chained n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) are conflicting, potentially due to challenges related to assessment of n-3 PUFA intake and changes in diet during follow-up.
Nano- and Microdelivery Systems for Marine Bioactive Lipids; There is an increasing body of evidence of the positive impact of several marine lipids on human health. These compounds, which include omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, have been shown to improve blood lipid profiles and exert anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective effects. The high instability of these compounds to oxidative deterioration and their hydrophobicity have a drastic impact in their pharmacokinetics. Thus, the bioavailability of these compounds may be affected, resulting in their inability to reach the target sites at effective concentrations. In this regard, micro/nanoparticles can offer a wide range of solutions that can prevent the degradation of targeted molecules, increase their absorption, uptake and bioavailability. In this work we will present the options currently available concerning micro- and nanodelivery systems for marine lipids; with emphasis on micro/nanoparticles; such as micro/nanocapsules and emulsions. A wide range of bottom-up approaches using casein, chitosan, cyclodextrins, among others; will be discussed.
Does vegetable oil attenuate the beneficial effects of fish oil in reducing risk factors for cardiovascular disease?; Contradictory reports on the protective effect of fish consumption on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk could be due to variations in the intake of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Metabolic competition between n-3 and n-6 PUFAs suggests that n-6 PUFAs in vegetable oils could attenuate the efficacy of n-3 PUFAs in fish oil to favorably alter endpoints relevant to CVD risk. We determined the effects of varying dietary amounts of fish oil on lipid and thrombotic endpoints relevant to risk factors for CVD and whether these effects were attenuated by vegetable oils. Two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel studies were conducted in human subjects fed varying amounts of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs; n-3 PUFA intake was varied by using fish or placebo oil capsules, and n-6 PUFA intake was modified by incorporating varying amounts of safflower oil into the diet. Endpoints included changes in membrane fatty acid composition, blood lipids, and thrombotic profile. The results indicated that absolute amounts of fish oil, and not the relative amounts of fish and vegetable oil (ratios of n-3 to n-6 PUFAs), determined the magnitude of the reduction of arachidonic acid and increase in eicosapentaenoic acid in phospholipids of plasma and platelets. The suppression of plasma triacylglycerols by fish oil was not affected by varying amounts of dietary n-6 PUFAs. Fibrinogen concentrations decreased with 15 g but not with 9 g fish oil/d fed at the same ratio of n-3 to n-6 PUFAs. The efficacy of fish oil in favorably modifying certain risk factors for CVD was not attenuated by vegetable oil.
PTU, a novel ureido-fatty acid, inhibits MDA-MB-231 cell invasion and dissemination by modulating Wnt5a secretion and cytoskeletal signaling; Migration and invasion promote tumor cell metastasis, which is the leading cause of cancer death. At present there are no effective treatments. Epidemiological studies have suggested that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may decrease cancer aggressiveness. In recent studies epoxide metabolites of omega-3 PUFA exhibited anticancer activity, although increased in vivo stability is required to develop useful drugs. Here we synthesized novel stabilized ureido-fatty acid omega-3 epoxide isosteres and found that one analogue - p-tolyl-ureidopalmitic acid (PTU) - inhibited migration and invasion by MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells in vitro and in vivo in xenografted nu/nu mice. From proteomics analysis of PTU-treated cells major regulated pathways were linked to the actin cytoskeleton and actin-based motility. The principal finding was that PTU impaired the formation of actin protrusions by decreasing the secretion of Wnt5a, which dysregulated the Wnt/planar cell polarity (PCP) pathway and actin cytoskeletal dynamics. Exogenous Wnt5a restored invasion and Wnt/PCP signalling in PTUtreated cells. PTU is the prototype of a novel class of agents that selectively dysregulate the Wnt/PCP pathway by inhibiting Wnt5a secretion and actin dynamics to impair MDA-MB-231 cell migration and invasion.
Fish oil and vascular endothelial protection: Bench to bedside; Fish oil is recommended for the management of hypertriglyceridemia and to prevent secondary cardiovascular disorders. Fish oil is a major source of omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Clinical studies suggest that fish oil not only prevents the incidence of detrimental cardiovascular events, but also lowers the cardiovascular mortality rate. In addition to a classic lipid-lowering action, omega-3-PUFAs in fish oil could regulate blood pressure and enhance vascular integrity and compliance. Additionally, omega-3-PUFAs have the ability to protect vascular endothelial cells by decreasing oxidative stress, halting atherosclerotic events, and preventing vascular inflammatory and adhesion cascades. Intriguingly, recent studies have demonstrated that omega-3-PUFAs improve the function of vascular endothelium by enhancing the generation and bioavailability of endothelium-derived relaxing factor (nitric oxide) through upregulation and activation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS). This certainly opens up a new area of research identifying potential mechanisms influencing fish oil-mediated functional regulatory action on vascular endothelium. We address in this review the potential of fish oil to prevent vascular endothelial dysfunction and associated cardiovascular disorders. Moreover, the mechanisms pertaining to fish oil-mediated eNOS activation and nitric oxide generation in improving endothelial function are delineated. We finally suggest the importance of further studies to determine the dose adjustment of fish oil with an optimal ratio of EPA and DHA for achieving consistent cardiovascular protection. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vascular Dysfunction Induced in Offspring by Maternal Dietary Fat Involves Altered Arterial Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Biosynthesis; Nutrition during development affects risk of future cardiovascular disease. Relatively little is known about whether the amount and type of fat in the maternal diet affect vascular function in the offspring. To investigate this, pregnant and lactating rats were fed either 7%(w/w) or 21%(w/w) fat enriched in either18:2n-6, trans fatty acids, saturated fatty acids, or fish oil. Their offspring were fed 4%(w/w) soybean oil from weaning until day 77. Type and amount of maternal dietary fat altered acetylcholine (ACh)-mediated vaso-relaxation in offspring aortae and mesenteric arteries, contingent on sex. Amount, but not type, of maternal dietary fat altered phenylephrine (Pe)-induced vasoconstriction in these arteries. Maternal 21% fat diet decreased 20:4n-6 concentration in offspring aortae. We investigated the role of Delta 6 and Delta 5 desaturases, showing that their inhibition in aortae and mesenteric arteries reduced vasoconstriction, but not vaso-relaxation, and the synthesis of specific pro-constriction eicosanoids. Removal of the aortic endothelium did not alter the effect of inhibition of Delta 6 and Delta 5 desaturases on Pe-mediated vasoconstriction. Thus arterial smooth muscle 20:4n-6 biosynthesis de novo appears to be important for Pe-mediated vasoconstriction. Next we studied genes encoding these desaturases, finding that maternal 21% fat reduced Fads2 mRNA expression and increased Fads1 in offspring aortae, indicating dysregulation of 20:4n-6 biosynthesis. Methylation at CpG -394 bp 5' to the Fads2 transcription start site predicted its expression. This locus was hypermethylated in offspring of dams fed 21% fat. Pe treatment of aortae for 10 minutes increased Fads2, but not Fads1, mRNA expression (76%; P<0.05). This suggests that Fads2 may be an immediate early gene in the response of aortae to Pe. Thus both amount and type of maternal dietary fat induce altered regulation of vascular tone in offspring though differential effects on vaso-relaxation, and persistent changes in vasoconstriction via epigenetic processes controlling arterial polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis.
The effect of immunonutrition on bacterial translocation, and intestinal villus atrophy in experimental obstructive jaundice; Background & aims: Spontaneous bacterial infection and septicemia due to increased bacterial translocation (BT) in patients with obstructive jaundice result in significant morbidity and mortality. The present study evaluates the effects of enteral nutrition with immune enhancing feeds on BT and intestinal villus histopathology promoted by obstructive jaundice.
Integration of methylation quantitative trait loci (mQTL) on dietary intake on DNA methylation levels: an example of n-3 PUFA and <i>ABCA1</i> gene; BackgroundEpigenetic studies have reported relationships between dietary nutrient intake and methylation levels. However, genetic variants that may affect DNA methylation (DNAm) pattern, called methylation quantitative loci (mQTL), are usually overlooked in these analyses. We investigated whether mQTL change the relationship between dietary nutrient intake and leukocyte DNAm levels with an example of estimated fatty acid intake and ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1).MethodsA cross-sectional study on 231 participants (108 men, mean age: 62.7 y) without clinical history of cancer and no prescriptions for dyslipidemia. We measured leukocyte DNAm levels of 8 CpG sites within ABCA1 gene by pyrosequencing method and used mean methylation levels for statistical analysis. TaqMan assay was used for genotyping a genetic variant of ABCA1 (rs1800976). Dietary fatty acid intake was estimated with a validated food frequency questionnaire and adjusted for total energy intake by using residual methods.ResultsMean ABCA1 DNAm levels were 5% lower with the number of minor alleles in rs1800976 (CC, 40.6%; CG, 35.9%; GG, 30.6%). Higher dietary n-3 PUFA intake was associated with lower ABCA1 DNAm levels (1st (ref) vs. 4th, & beta; [95% CI]: -2.52 [-4.77, -0.28]). After controlling for rs180076, the association between dietary n-3 PUFA intake and ABCA1 DNAm levels was attenuated, but still showed an independent association (1st (ref) vs. 4th, & beta; [95% CI]: -2.00 [-3.84, -0.18]). The interaction of mQTL and dietary n-3 PUFA intake on DNAm levels was not significant.ConclusionsThis result suggested that dietary n-3 PUFA intake would be an independent predictor of DNAm levels in ABCA1 gene after adjusting for individual genetic background. Considering mQTL need to broaden into other genes and nutrients for deeper understanding of DNA methylation, which can contribute to personalized nutritional intervention.
Genetic Loci Associated with Plasma Phospholipid n-3 Fatty Acids: A Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies from the CHARGE Consortium; Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can derive from diet or from a-linolenic acid (ALA) by elongation and desaturation. We investigated the association of common genetic variation with plasma phospholipid levels of the four major n-3 PUFAs by performing genome-wide association studies in five population-based cohorts comprising 8,866 subjects of European ancestry. Minor alleles of SNPs in FADS1 and FADS2 (desaturases) were associated with higher levels of ALA (p=3x10(-64)) and lower levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, p=5x10(-58)) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, p=4x10(-154)). Minor alleles of SNPs in ELOVL2 (elongase) were associated with higher EPA (p=2x10(-12)) and DPA (p=1x10(-43)) and lower docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, p=1x10(-15)). In addition to genes in the n-3 pathway, we identified a novel association of DPA with several SNPs in GCKR (glucokinase regulator, p=1x10(-8)). We observed a weaker association between ALA and EPA among carriers of the minor allele of a representative SNP in FADS2 (rs1535), suggesting a lower rate of ALA-to-EPA conversion in these subjects. In samples of African, Chinese, and Hispanic ancestry, associations of n-3 PUFAs were similar with a representative SNP in FADS1 but less consistent with a representative SNP in ELOVL2. Our findings show that common variation in n-3 metabolic pathway genes and in GCKR influences plasma phospholipid levels of n-3 PUFAs in populations of European ancestry and, for FADS1, in other ancestries.
Omega-3 fatty acids alter lipoprotein subfraction distributions and the in vitro conversion of very low density lipoproteins to low density lipoproteins; The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of a fish oil concentrate (FOC) on the in vitro conversion of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) to intermediate (IDL) and low density lipoproteins (LDL). Six hypertriglceridemic patients were randomly allocated to receive either placebo (olive oil) or FOC (1 g/14 kg body weight/day) for 4 weeks in a crossover study with a 4-week washout period. The FOC provided 3 g of eicosapentaenoic + docosahexaenoic acid per 70 kg of body weight, and it lowered plasma triglyceride and VLDL cholesterol levels by 35% and 42%, respectively. Decreases in the largest particles (VLDL,) Mere primarily responsible, with no effect noted in smaller VLDL particles (VLDL2 and VLDL3). The FOC increased LDL cholesterol levels by 25% (P < 0.06) but did not affect LDL particle size. VLDL1 and VLDL3 were incubated in vitro with human postheparin lipases. Although triglycerides from both types of VLDL were hydrolyzed to the same extent with both treatments, particles isolated during the FOC phase were more readily converted into IDL and LDL than were control particles. These data suggest that the marine omega 3 fatty acids may enhance the propensity of VLDL to be converted to LDL, partly explaining the decreased VLDL and increased LDL levels in FOG-treated patients. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1999. All rights reserved.
RETRACTED: Cardiovascular outcomes of ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid in diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis (Retracted Article); Background: We aim to conduct a comprehens e meta-analysis encompassing all studies to assess the efficacy of Vascepa in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM in preventing or treating existing coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: Digital databases were que ed. Odd ratios (OR) were calculated for the following outcomes: composite outcome, all-cause mor ality, and cardiovascular mortality. Results: A total of 4 rand mized co rol trials (33,092 patients; Vascepa n = 16586; Placebo n = 16506) were included in our aalysis. T e overall mean age was 64.3 years old (Vascepa = 64.3 years; Placebo = 64.3 years). The sample was 61 % mal (Vascepa = 60.8%; Placebo = 62.1%). In patients with DM, Vascepa was found to have no s gnificant effect on he primary composite outcome (OR 0.97, 95%CI 0.91-1.04, p > 0.05), all-cause mortality (R 0 6, 95%C 0.90-1.03, p > 0.05), and cardiovascular mortality (OR 0.90, 95%CI 0.74-1.10, p > 0 05). Subg up analysis by Vascepa type and treatment type was similarly non-significant. Con lusion: Our sdy concluded that Vascepa did not affect cardiovascular outcomes in patients with DM.
Association of <i>PLA2G4A</i> with myocardial infarction is modulated by dietary PUFAs<SUP>1-3</SUP>; Background: Leukotrienes are proinflammatory molecules derived from dietary PUFAs and have been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD). We previously reported that an A -> G variant (rs12746200) of the cytosolic phospholipase A2 group IVA gene (PLA2G4A), which encodes the enzyme that liberates PUFAs from cellular membranes for leukotriene synthesis, decreases the risk of CVD.
Genetic interactions with diet influence the risk of cardiovascular disease; Single-nucleotide polymorphisms are an integral component of the evolutionary process that over millennia have resulted from the interaction between the environment and the human genome. Relatively recent changes in diet have upset this interaction with respect to the nutritional environment, but nutritional science is beginning to better understand the interaction between genes and diet, with the resulting potential to influence cardiovascular disease risk by dietary modification. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in several genes have been linked to differential effects in terms of lipid metabolism; however, even a simple model of benefit and risk is difficult to interpret in terms of dietary advice to carriers of the various alleles because of conflicting interactions between different genes. The n-3 family of polyunsaturated fatty acids is underrepresented in our modern diet; much of the benefit of polyunsaturated fatty acids found in studies of various polymorphisms seems to be linked to increased n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake. The nascent science of nutrigenomics faces many challenges; more and better research is needed to clarify the picture, rebut scepticism, and reinvigorate the discussion concerning genetic polymorphism and its interaction with diet.
Obesity-Associated Dyslipidemia Is Moderated by Habitual Intake of Marine-Derived n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Yup?ik Alaska Native People: A Cross-Sectional Mediation-Moderation Analysis; Background: Obesity leads to insulin resistance, altered lipoprotein metabolism, dyslipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. The relationship between long-term intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) and prevention of cardiometabolic disease remains unresolved.Objectives: The aim of this study was to explore direct and indirect pathways between adiposity and dyslipidemia, and the degree to which n-3 PUFAs moderate adiposity-induced dyslipidemia in a population with highly variable n-3 PUFA intake from marine foods.Methods: In total, 571 Yup'ik Alaska Native adults (18-87 y) were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. The red blood cell (RBC) nitrogen isotope ratio (15N/14N, or NIR) was used as a validated objective measure of n-3 PUFA intake. EPA and DHA were measured in RBCs. Insulin sensitivity and resistance were estimated by the HOMA2 method. Mediation analysis was conducted to evaluate the contribution of the indirect causal path between adiposity and dyslipidemia mediated through insulin resistance. Moderation analysis was used to assess the influence of dietary n-3 PUFAs on the direct and indirect paths between adiposity and dyslipidemia. Outcomes of primary interest included plasma total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), non-HDL-C, and triglycerides (TG).Results: In this Yup'ik study population, we found that up to 21.6% of the total effects of adiposity on plasma TG, HDL-C, and non-HDL-C are mediated through measures of insulin resistance or sensitivity. Moreover, RBC DHA and EPA moderated the positive association be-tween waist circumference (WC) and TC or non-HDL-C, whereas only DHA moderated the positive association between WC and TG. However, the indirect path between WC and plasma lipids was not significantly moderated by dietary n-3 PUFAs.Conclusions: Intake of n-3 PUFAs may independently reduce dyslipidemia through the direct path resulting from excess adiposity in Yup'ik adults. NIR moderation effects suggest that additional nutrients contained in n-3 PUFA-rich foods may also reduce dyslipidemia.
Study protocol of the PROUD48 study comparing the effects of pemafibrate and omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters on ApoB-48 in statin-treated patients with dyslipidaemia: a prospective, multicentre, open-label, randomised, parallel group trial in Japan; IntroductionThis study will compare the lowering effects of pemafibrate and omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters on fasting apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB-48), a surrogate marker reflecting postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia, which is a residual risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease with statin treatment.Methods and analysisThis is a prospective, multicentre, open-label, randomised, parallel group, comparative trial. Adult Japanese patients with dyslipidaemia receiving statin treatment for more than 4 weeks with a fasting triglyceride level >= 177 mg/dL will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive pemafibrate (0.4 mg orally per day) or omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (4 g orally per day) for 16 weeks. The primary endpoint is the percentage change in fasting apoB-48 from baseline to 16 weeks. The key secondary endpoints include the change in fasting apoB-48 from baseline to 16 weeks, the percentage changes in clinical variables from baseline to 16 weeks and the incidence of adverse events. A total sample size of 128 was set by considering the increased drop-out rate due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in addition to estimation based on a two-sided alpha of 0.05 and a power of 0.8 for apoB-48.Ethics and disseminationThe study protocol has been approved by the Certified Review Board of the University of the Ryukyus for Clinical Research Ethics (No. CRB7200001) and will be performed in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Written informed consent will be obtained from all participants. The results of the study will be disseminated through publications and conference presentations to participants, healthcare professionals and the public.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Reduces Cardiovascular Events: Relationship with the EPA/Arachidonic Acid Ratio; The clinical efficacy of fish oil and high-purity eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (hp-EPA-E) for treating cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been reported. Fish oil contains saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids that have pharmacological effects opposite to those of omega 3 fatty acids (omega 3). Moreover, omega 3, such as EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), do not necessarily have the same metabolic and biological actions. This has obscured the clinical efficacy of omega 3. Recently, the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS) of hp-EPA-E established the clinical efficacy of EPA for CVD, and higher levels of blood EPA, not DHA, were found to be associated with a lower incidence of major coronary events. A significant reduction in the risk of coronary events was observed when the ratio of EPA to arachidonic acid (AA) (EPA/AA) was > 0.75. Furthermore, the ratio of prostaglandin (PG) I-3 and PGI(2) to thromboxane A(2) (TXA(2)) ([PGI(2)+ PGI(3)]/TXA(2)) was determined to have a linear relationship with the EPA/AA ratio as follows: (PGI(2)+ PGI(3))/TXA(2) = lambda + pi* (EPA/AA). Like PGI(2), PGI(3) not only inhibits platelet aggregation and vasoconstriction, but also is assumed to reduce cardiac ischemic injury and arteriosclerosis and promote angiogenesis. Thus, the effects of EPA in reducing the risk of CVD could be mediated by biological action of PGI(3) in addition to hypotriglyceridemic action of EPA. Compared with DHA, EPA administration increases the EPA/AA ratio and the (PGI(2) + PGI(3))/TXA(2) balance to a state that inhibits the onset and/or progression of CVD.
High levels of eicosapentaenoic acid are associated with lower pericoronary adipose tissue attenuation as measured by coronary CTA; Background and aims: Higher pericoronary adipose tissue (PCAT) attenuation, a novel marker of inflammation in coronary CT angiography (CTA), has been shown to indicate increased cardiac mortality. Supplementation of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been shown to decrease cardiovascular death. Whether blood levels of n-3 fatty acids are associated with differences in PCAT attenuation is unknown.
Nuts for Physical Health and Fitness: A Review; Nuts are rich in various nutrients. Recent evidence suggests that nut consumption has beneficial effects on blood pressure, lipid profile, obesity, inflammation, and oxidative stress, which reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have shown that nut consumption improves body composition without causing weight gain, despite total energy intake increases. However, evidence regarding nut consumption and physical fitness is limited. The aim of this mini review is to summarize the evidence regarding effects of nuts on physical health, fitness, and exercise performance. Almond supplementation improves exercise performance, but pistachio supplementation does not. The effect of nuts on exercise performance was controversial. On the other hand, unsaturated fatty acid-enriched nuts had a beneficial effect on skeletal muscle mass and oxygen consumption. A diet enriched with nuts also improved physical fitness, which was enhanced by exercise. Although the characteristics of the study participants and the interventions used in the studies are heterogeneous, nuts have a potential to improve physical fitness. However, further studies are required to reveal the effects of nuts on physical fitness, exercise performance, and endurance capacity.
Effects of Dietary Stearidonic Acid on Biomarkers of Lipid Metabolism; Stearidonic acid (SDA), a highly unsaturated (n-3) PUFA, is effectively metabolized to EPA with a bioequivalence of similar to 5:1 as determined by the omega-3 index, a biomarker for risk of cardiovascular disease. The AHA has recommended that individuals increase their consumption of highly unsaturated (n-3) PUFA, particularly EPA and DHA, but there are concerns about achieving the recommendations through fish consumption. SDA is considered a biological surrogate for EPA. SDA-enriched soybean oil whose SDA content is similar to 30% could be a novel mechanism to seamlessly incorporate highly unsaturated (n-3) PUFA into the food supply; however, the effects of SDA are poorly understood, particularly at the transcriptional level. This paper reviews the human literature of the effects of dietary SDA on circulating lipids as directly compared with EPA at bioequivalent doses. These results were then compared to the effects of SDA on expression patterns of hepatic lipolytic and lipogenic genes in swine fed diets containing SDA at levels similar with those doses used in human trials. Supplementing SDA at doses of 3.7-4.2 g/d, of which the bioequivalence to EPA is <= 1 g/d, had little impact on modifying circulating TG and total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, recapitulating the results with EPA at doses of 1.0-1.5 g/d. These results were generally supported by the gene expression patterns in swine. Although many lipolytic and lipogenic genes remained unchanged, several lipogenic genes were downregulated and a number of other biomarkers considered atheroprotective, such as C-reactive protein and paraoxonase, were favorably modified. J. Nutr. 142: 630S-634S, 2012.
Chronic dietary <i>n</i>-3 PUFA intervention improves dyslipidaemia and subsequent cardiovascular complications in the JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rat model of the metabolic syndrome; There is increasing interest in the potential chronic beneficial effects of dietary n-3 PUFA on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and associated cardiovascular complications. We have recently established that increased dietary n-3 PUFA has a profound acute benefit on fasting lipids and the postprandial pro-inflammatory response in the JCR:LA-cp rat, a model of the MetS. However, it is unclear to what extent chronic dietary n-3 PUFA intervention can modulate the progression of end-stage metabolic and vascular complications. The present study aimed to determine the chronic effects of dietary n-3 PUFA supplementation on fasting and non-fasting dyslipidaemia, insulin resistance and vascular complications in the JCR:LA-cp rodent model. JCR:LA-cp rats were fed an isoenergetic lipid-balanced diet supplemented with 5% n-3 PUFA (w/w) of the total fat (fish oil-derived EPA/DHA) for 16 weeks. Fasting and non-fasting (postprandial) plasma lipid profile was assessed. Hepatic and adipose tissue was probed for the expression of lipogenic proteins (acyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), fatty acid synthase (FAS) and sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 (SREBP-1)), while the activity of Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) was assessed via Western blot to target phosphorylated JNK protein in primary enterocytes. The frequency of myocardial lesions was assessed by haematoxylin and eosin staining. Increased dietary n-3 PUFA improved both the fasting and postprandial lipid profiles (TAG, cholesterol and apoB48) in the JCR:LA-cp rat, potentially via the down-regulation of the hepatic or adipose tissue expression of lipogenic enzymes (ACC, FAS and SREBP-1). Rats fed the 5% n-3 PUFA diet had lower (58.2%; P < 0.01) enterocytic phosphorylated JNK protein and secreted less cholesterol (30 %; P < 0.05) into mesenteric lymph compared with the control. The chronic metabolic benefits of dietary n-3 PUFA may underlie the potential to reduce vascular complications during the MetS, including the observed reduction in the frequency (approximately 80 %) of late-stage 3 myocardial lesions.
Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in plasma in British meat-eating, vegetarian, and vegan men; Background: Plasma concentrations of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are lower in vegetarians and in vegans than in omnivores. No data are available on whether these concentrations differ between long- and short-term vegetarians and vegans.
Mitigating multiple stresses in <i>Pangasianodon hypophthalmus</i> with a novel dietary mixture of selenium nanoparticles and Omega-3-fatty acid; Effects of a novel dietary mixture of selenium nanoparticles (Se-NPs) and omega-3-fatty acids i.e., Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on mitigating arsenic pollution, high-temperature stress and bacterial infection were investigated in Pangasianodon hypophthalmus. To aim this, four isocaloric and iso-nitrogenous diets were prepared: control feed (no supplementation), Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) diet with EPA + DHA at 0.2, 0.4 and 0.6% as supplemented diets. Fish were reared under normal condition or concurrent exposure to arsenic (2.65 mg L-1), and temperature (34 degrees C) (As + T) stress for 105 days. The experiment was conducted with eight treatments in triplicates. Response to various stresses i.e., primary (cortisol), secondary (oxidative stress, immunity, and stress biomarkers) and tertiary stress response (growth performance, bioaccumulation and mortality due to bacterial infection) were determined. Supplementation of dietary Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) diet and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4% reduced the primary stress level. Exposure to arsenic and temperature (As + T) and fed with control diet and EPA + DHA at 0.6% aggravated the cortisol level. Anti-oxidative enzymes (Catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase and glutathione-s-transferase) and immunity (Nitroblue tetrazolium, total protein, albumin, globulin, A:G ratio, total immunoglobulin and myeloperoxidase) of the fish were augmented by supplementation of Se-NPs and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4%. Neurotransmitter enzyme, HSP 70, Vitamin C were significantly enhanced (p < 0.01) with supplementation of Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4%. Whereas total lipid, cholesterol, phospholipid, triglyceride and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) were reduced (p < 0.01) with the supplementation of Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) diet and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4%. Tertiary stress response viz. growth performance was also significantly enhanced with supplementation of Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4% reared under As + T. Whereas arsenic bioaccumulation in fish tissues was significantly reduced with dietary supplementation of Se-NPs and EPA + DHA. Cumulative mortality and relative percentage survival were reduced with Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) and EPA + DHA at 0.2 and 0.4%. The investigation revealed that a novel combination of Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) and EPA + DHA at 0.4% followed by 0.2% has the potential to alleviate temperature stress, bacterial infection and arsenic pollution. Whereas diet containing Se-NPs at 0.2 mg kg(-1) diet and EPA + DHA at 0.6% was noticeably enhanced the stress in P. hypophthalmus.
Dietary fats and other nutrients on stroke; Purpose of review
Clinical pharmacology of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: non-lipidic metabolic and hemodynamic effects in human patients; A high dietary intake of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, is associated with a reduced incidence of coronary events. Supplementation with pharmacological doses of the same may improve survival in patients with previous myocardial infarction and established heart failure. Such protective effects may be explained by the action of n-3 PUFA on systemic inflammation, hypertension, endothelial dysfunction, thrombosis, cardiac arrhythmias, heart rate variability and atherosclerotic plaque instability, which are involved in the pathogenesis of these clinical conditions. In this short paper we will review the evidence in support of these pleiotropic effects of n-3 fatty acids. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cognitive performance and cardiometabolic risk markers in healthy 51 to 72 years old subjects: a randomized controlled cross-over study; Background: Higher plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been associated with a lower risk of age related cognitive decline, and to beneficially affect cardiometabolic risk factors. A relation exists between metabolic disorders such as diabetes type 2 and cognitive decline. Results regarding the potential effects of n-3 PUFA on risk factors in healthy subjects are divergent, and studies regarding the possible relation between cardiometabolic parameters and cognitive performance are scarce. The objective was to evaluate the effects of five weeks intake of long chain n-3 PUFA on cognitive performance in healthy individuals, and to exploit the possible relation between outcomes in cognitive tests to cardiometabolic risk parameters.
Plasma Levels of Marine n-3 Fatty Acids Are Inversely Correlated With Proinflammatory Markers sTNFR1 and IL-6 in Renal Transplant Recipients; Objective: Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) exert potential anti-inflammatory effects and might improve long-term outcomes after renal transplantation. We assessed associations between plasma phospholipid levels of marine n-3 PUFAs and plasma inflammatory biomarkers 10 weeks after renal transplantation.
The omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), prevents the damaging effects of tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha during murine skeletal muscle cell differentiation; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is a -3 polyunsaturated fatty acid with anti-inflammatory and anti-cachetic properties that may have potential benefits with regards to skeletal muscle atrophy conditions where inflammation is present. It is also reported that pathologic levels of the pro-inflammatory cytokine tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha are associated with muscle wasting, exerted through inhibition of myogenic differentiation and enhanced apoptosis. These findings led us to hypothesize that EPA may have a protective effect against skeletal muscle damage induced by the actions of TNF-alpha.
WHICH OILS TO CHOOSE FOR CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE PREVENTION?; Nutrition has a major impact on cardiovascular disease risk. In particular the different families of fatty acids influence the concentration of plasma lipids (LDL-cholesterol is increased by SFA, decreased by MUFA and PUFA) but also the expression of other risk factors and finally the cardiovascular risk itself. According to these effects and to the results of epidemiologic studies it is recommended to decrease SFA intake and increase MUFA and n-3 PUFA intake with a n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio around 5. Using both olive and rapeseed oil (or some combined oils) is in accordance with this recommendation.
Association between white matter hyperintensity volume and social functioning limitations among stroke survivors; Objective: Existing literature on white matter hyperintensity volume (WMHV) in stroke patients has rarely focused on post-stroke outcomes related to social functioning limitations, such as transportation, social interaction, food preparation, grocery shopping, and housekeeping. Using prospective data from the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) study, we evaluated the association between WMHV and social functioning limitations among 151 ischemic stroke patients. Materials and methods: WMHV was ascertained from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) collected at the time of the stroke event using a validated semiautomated method, and social functioning limitations were assessed using a stroke outcomes questionnaire administered a median of 1.25 years after the date of the MRI scan. Logistic regression was used to explore the association between WMHV and social functioning limitations. Results: After adjusting for age and sex, a statistically significant association was found between WMHV and limitations in social interaction (OR=2.82; 95% CI: 1.21-7.55). Increased risks were seen for limitations related to food preparation (OR=2.06; 95% CI: 0.99-4.54), transportation (OR=1.39; 95% CI: 0.85-2.27), and housekeeping (OR=1.37; 95% CI: 0.91-2.11); however, the associations did not reach statistical significance. We observed no association between WMHV and limitations in grocery shopping (OR=1.08; 95% CI: 0.61-1.89). Conclusions: Future studies are needed to further explore the biological mechanisms underlying the relationship with limitations in social interaction and to replicate our findings using a larger and more diverse study sample.
Dietary Fat, Fatty Acids, and Risk of Prostate Cancer in the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study; Background: Observational studies report inconsistent associations of fat and fatty acids with prostate cancer.
Plasma oxylipins respond in a linear dose-response manner with increased intake of EPA and DHA: results from a randomized controlled trial in healthy humans; Background: The health effects of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are partly mediated by their oxidized metabolites, i. e., eicosanoids and other oxylipins. Some intervention studies have demonstrated that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) increase systemic concentrations of n-3 PUFA-derived oxylipins and moderately decrease arachidonic acid-derived oxylipins. There is no information on the dose-response of oxylipin concentrations after n-3 PUFA intake.
Is it Time to Repair a Fairly Fast SAAB Convertible? Testing an Evidence-based Mnemonic for the Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Objectives Optimising secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease has the greatest potential to reduce recurrent events, yet despite major guidelines there are ongoing treatment gaps. FFSAABC (Fish oils, Fibrates, Statins, Aspirin, Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin 2 receptor antagonists, Beta blockers and Clopidogrel) is one mnemonic previously adopted to assist clinicians in remembering medications for use in secondary prevention. The aim of this narrative review is to examine the current evidence base for medications recommended for patients with established cardiovascular disease and the current applicability of this, or a revised mnemonic for their use.
"A randomized, double-blind study of the effects of omega-3 fatty acids (Omegaven™) on outcome after major liver resection"; Background: The body is dependent on the exogenous supply of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFA). These essential fatty acids are key players in regulating metabolic signaling but also exert anti-inflammatory and anti-carcinogenic properties. The liver is a major metabolic organ involved in fatty acid metabolism. Under experimental conditions, n3-PUFA exert beneficial effect on hepatic steatosis, regeneration and inflammatory insults such as ischemic injury after surgery. Some of these effects have also been observed in human subjects. However, it is unclear whether perioperative administration of n3-PUFA is sufficient to protect the liver from ischemic injury. Therefore, we designed a randomized controlled trial (RCT) assessing n3-PUFA (pre-) conditioning strategies in patients scheduled for liver surgery.
Low circulating dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid is associated with diabetic retinopathy: a cross sectional study of KAMOGAWA-DM cohort study; Diabetic retinopathy (DR), one of the major complications of diabetes, can cause blindness and reduce quality of life. Dyslipidemia is reported to be associated with DR, whereas arachidonic acid may have a protective effect against DR. We aimed to investigate the association of circulating n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with DR. In this crosssectional study, 190 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were classified as no diabetic retinopathy (NDR), simple diabetic retinopathy (SDR), or proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) including pre-proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Circulating fatty acids (FAs) were measured by gas chromatograph-mass spectrometry. Logistic regression analysis was performed to investigate the association between the levels of FAs and the presence of DR. The average age, body mass index and the duration of diabetes were 62.7 ? 12.1 years, 25.0 ? 4.5 kg/m2, and 9.8 ? 8.7 years, respectively. Twenty-seven patients were diagnosed with DR. Circulating levels of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) in the NDR (n = 163), SDR (n = 13) and PDR (n = 14) groups were 28.3 ? 11.0 ?g/mL, 24.4 ? 9.7 ?g/mL, and 21.8 ? 6.2 ?g/mL, respectively (p = 0.032). The logarithm of circulating DGLA levels was associated with the presence of DR after adjusting for covariates (OR of 1-unit increment: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.62?1.00, p = 0.049). Circulating DGLA was negatively associated with the presence of DR.
Fish Oil Dilemma: Does It Increase the Risk of Ventricular Arrhythmias and Death? Can Fish Oil Kill You?; Omega-3-fatty-acids are now increasingly being used for potential beneficial anti-inflammatory effect in the treatment and management of cardiovascular disease. Eicosapentaenoic acid and Docosahexaenoic acid are 2 essential omega-3 fatty acids found predominately in fish and fish oil supplements. Despite the increased use of fish oil products for both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, the available literature evidence are controversial. We searched through PubMed for studies that have investigated the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary heart disease and mortality. Our systemic review suggests that most studies, which are mostly observational, have found there to be a potential benefit of omega-3 fatty acids on coronary heart disease whereas some other studies have found conflicting results. More randomized controlled studies are warranted with adequate sample size to clearly establish the risk and benefits of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular disease.
Patterns and Predictors of Fast Food Consumption After Acute Myocardial Infarction; Although fast food is affordable and convenient, it is also high in calories, saturated fat, and sodium. The frequency of fast food intake at the time of and after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is modifiable. However, patterns of fast food intake and characteristics associated with its consumption in patients with AMI are unknown. The aim of this study was to study fast food consumption at the time of AMI and 6 months later in 2,481 patients from the prospective, 24-center Translational Research Investigating Underlying Disparities in Acute Myocardial Infarction Patients' Health Status (TRIUMPH) study of patients with AMI. Fast food intake was categorized as frequent (weekly or more often) or infrequent (less than weekly). Multivariate log-binomial regression was used to identify patient characteristics associated with frequent fast food intake 6 months after AMI. At baseline, 884 patients (36%) reported frequent fast food intake, which decreased to 503 (20%) 6 months after discharge (p <0.001). Male gender, white race, lack of college education, current employment, and dyslipidemia were independently associated with frequent fast food intake 6 months after AMI.. In contrast, older patients and those who underwent coronary bypass surgery were less likely to eat fast food frequently. Documentation of discharge dietary counseling was not associated with 6-month fast food intake. In conclusion, fast food consumption by patients with AMI decreased 6 months after the index hospitalization, but certain populations, including younger patients, men, those currently working, and less educated patients were more likely to consume fast food, at least weekly, during follow-up. Novel interventions that go beyond traditional dietary counseling may be needed to address continued fast food consumption after AMI in these patients. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;107:1105-1110)
Serum Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Metabolic Syndrome: A Longitudinal Population-based Cohort Study; The serum fatty acid composition reflects the dietary fatty acid composition from the past few days to several weeks. However, the role of serum omega-3 (from fish and fish oils) and omega-6 (from vegetable oils) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the course of metabolic syndrome is poorly understood. At the Primary Health Care Unit in Pieksmki, Finland, all subjects born in 1942, 1947, 1952, 1957, and 1962 (n 1,294) were invited for health checkups in 19971998 and 20032004. Metabolic syndrome was defined by using the new, harmonized criteria. The serum omega-3 PUFAs, omega-6 PUFAs, and total fatty acids were analyzed by proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Altogether, data from both checkups were available for 665 subjects. After adjustment for age, sex, and baseline body mass index, the incidence of metabolic syndrome between the 2 checkups with a 6.4-year follow-up was inversely associated (P 0.001) with the increased relative proportion of omega-6 PUFAs in serum lipids. Further adjustment for body mass index change, lipid medication, smoking, alcohol intake, and physical activity conveyed similar results. The authors did not find any significant associations between omega-3 PUFAs and the incidence of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, their results suggest that the change in the relative proportion of omega-6 PUFAs in serum lipids is inversely related to the incidence of metabolic syndrome.
Cellular concentrations of plasmalogen species containing a polyunsaturated fatty acid significantly increase under hypoxia in human colorectal cancer, Caco2 cells; Plasmalogen localized in the raft of mammalian cell membranes plays a role in the storage of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and exists to a higher extent in malignant cells that survive, and even grow in hypoxic conditions. The biosynthesis of plasmalogen in mammalian cells has been reported to depend on aerobic conditions. Using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, we found that the intracellular concentration of plasmalogen species containing a PUFA at the sn-2-position did not change for two days from the start of hypoxic culture in human colorectal cancer-derived Caco2 cells. At the third day of hypoxia, Caco2 cells showed the average increase rate of 2.6 times in ethanolamine plasmalogen and 2.9 times in choline plasmalogen depending on the molecular species compared with those in the second day of hypoxia. In normoxic culture, there was little quantitative change in any species of both ethanolamine and choline plasmalogens for three days. The up-regulations of mRNA of Ca2+-independent phospholipase A(2)beta and cytoplasmic phospholipase A(2)gamma as well as the down-regulation of lysoplasmalogenase observed in hypoxia were suggested to be responsible for the increase of plasmalogen in Caco2 cells under hypoxia. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The ratio of serum n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with diabetes mellitus in patients with prior myocardial infarction: a multicenter cross-sectional study; Background: In prior myocardial infarction (PMI) patients, diabetes mellitus (DM), dyslipidemia, and hypertension increase the risk of secondary cardiovascular events. Although a decreased ratio of serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to arachidonic acid (AA; EPA/AA) has been shown to significantly correlate with the onset of acute coronary syndrome, the associations between polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and coronary risk factors in PMI patients have not been evaluated thoroughly. This study aimed to assess the associations between PUFAs levels and the risk factors in PMI patients.
Soy foods, isoflavones, and the health of postmenopausal women; Over the past 2 decades, soy foods have been the subject of a vast amount of research, primarily because they are uniquely rich sources of isoflavones. Isoflavones are classified as both phytoestrogens and selective estrogen receptor modulators. The phytoestrogenic effects of isoflavones have led some to view soy foods and isoflavone supplements as alternatives to conventional hormone therapy. However, clinical research shows that isoflavones and estrogen exert differing effects on a variety of health outcomes. Nevertheless, there is substantial evidence that soy foods have the potential to address several conditions and diseases associated with the menopausal transition. For example, data suggest that soy foods can potentially reduce ischemic heart disease through multiple mechanisms. Soy protein directly lowers blood low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations, and the soybean is low in saturated fat and a source of both essential fatty acids, the omega-6 fatty acid linoleic acid and the omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid. In addition, soflavones improve endothelial function and possibly slow the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis. Isoflavone supplements also consistently alleviate menopausal hot flashes provided they contain sufficient amounts of the predominant soybean isoflavone genistein. In contrast, the evidence that isoflavones reduce bone loss in postmenopausal women is unimpressive. Whether adult soy food intake reduces breast cancer risk is unclear. Considerable evidence suggests that for soy to reduce risk, consumption during childhood and/or adolescence is required. Although concerns have been raised that soy food consumption may be harmful to breast cancer patients, an analysis in 9514 breast cancer survivors who were followed for 7.4 y found that higher postdiagnosis soy intake was associated with a significant 25% reduction in tumor recurrence. In summary, the clinical and epidemiologic data indicate that adding soy foods to the diet can contribute to the health of postmenopausal women.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY BORAGE OIL [ENRICHED IN GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID, 18/3(N-6)] OR MARINE FISH-OIL [ENRICHED IN EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID, 20/5(N-3)] ON GROWTH, MORTALITIES, LIVER HISTOPATHOLOGY AND LIPID-COMPOSITION OF JUVENILE TURBOT (SCOPHTHALMUS-MAXIMUS); A marine fish oil, Marinol K (MO) and borage oil (BO) were used to formulate diets relatively rich in eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA; 20:5(n-3)] and gamma-linolenic acid [GLA; 18:3(n-6)], respectively. The diets were fed to duplicate groups of juvenile turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) of initial weight 1.4 g for a period of 12 weeks. No differences were observed in final weights either between duplicate tanks or between dietary treatments. Mortalities in the MO-fed group were significantly greater than in the BO-fed group. In the MO-fed group, 7 out of 12 fish sampled for histological analysis showed a pronounced liver histopathology whereas only 1 of 12 fish sampled in the BO-fed group showed slight pathology. EPA levels were increased 2.2-fold and its elongation product, 22:5(n-3), was increased 1.8-fold while arachidonic acid [AA; 20:4(n-6)] was decreased by 30% in MO-fed fish compared to the initial carcass composition. GLA was increased 53-fold and its elongation product dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid [DHGLA; 20:3(n-6)] was increased 16-fold while AA was reduced by 90% in BO-fed fish compared to the initial carcass composition. The amount of triacylglycerol in liver of BO-fed fish was significantly greater than levels in MO-fed fish. The fatty acid compositions of individual phospholipids from liver showed marked differences between dietary treatments. Fish fed MO had significantly higher levels of the (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), 20:5(n-3), 22:5(n-3) and 22:6(n-3), and also significantly more 20:4(n-6) compared to BO-fed fish which had significantly higher 18:2(n-6), 18:3(n-6), 20:2(n-6) and 20:3(n-6). The composition of liver phosphatidylinositol was particularly unusual in BO-fed fish having DHGLA as the major C-20 PUFA which was 2.2-fold greater than AA and 3.9-fold greater than EPA. This study demonstrates that the carcass composition of turbot can be altered, by means of dietary lipids, to contain increased levels of EPA and DHGLA which would be of potential benefit in human as well as in fish nutrition. However, caution should be exercised when using very highly unsaturated oils relatively rich in EPA which may generate histopathological lesions in the fish.
Fatty acid variability in three medicinal herbs of <i>Panax</i> species; Background: Fatty acid profiling has been widely used in the bacteria species identification, we hypothesized that fatty acid characteristics might discriminate the Panax herbs according to species. To test the hypothesis, fatty acids of Panax species, including Panax ginseng, Panax notoginseng and Panax quinquefolius, were characterized and compared using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) followed by multivariate statistical analysis.
It is more important to increase the intake of unsaturated fats than to decrease the intake of saturated fats: evidence from clinical trials relating to ischemic heart disease; The evidence from formal, controlled, long term clinical trials that changes in dietary fats reduce the incidence of ischemic (coronary) heart disease (IHD) is unimpressive. Mostly these trials were underpowered and in several the rigor of dietary control in the intervention and control groups was inadequate. Six controlled clinical trials in healthy people of diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol. also accompanied by changes in other risk factors, were unsuccessful in reducing the incidence of IHD. An exception was the Oslo trial in which concurrent cigarette smoking was almost halved. Similarly, in the only two clinical trials of the secondary prevention of MD through use of diets low in saturated fats and cholesterol there was no significant effect on LHD recurrence rate. This may relate to poor compliance outside strict clinic conditions. in contrast, five of six secondary prevention trials in which diets low in saturated fats were supplemented with polyunsaturated fats reduced IHD deaths and, to a lesser extent, all-cause mortality. No formal trial has been reported of the effects on MD of diets high in monounsaturated fats. The greatest benefit for patients with MD has come from diets supplemented with n-3 fatty acids (two trials), and this benefit was independent of changes in plasma lipoproteins. The evidence from these clinical trials indicates that more emphasis should be given in national and international dietary recommendations to supplementation with polyunsaturated fats, particularly foods rich in n-3 fatty acids, than to diets low in total and saturated fats.
Structural elucidation and physiologic functions of specialized pro-resolving mediators and their receptors; The acute inflammatory response is host-protective to contain foreign invaders. Many of today's pharmacopeia that block pro-inflammatory chemical mediators can cause serious unwanted side effects such as immune suppression. Uncontrolled inflammation is now considered a pathophysiologic basis associated with many widely occurring diseases such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, obesity and asthma, as well as the classic inflammatory diseases, e.g. arthritis, periodontal diseases. The inflammatory response is designated to be a self-limited process that produces a superfamily of chemical mediators that stimulate resolution of inflammatory responses. Specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPM) uncovered in recent years are endogenous mediators that include omega-3-derived families resolvins, protectins and maresins, as well as arachidonic acid-derived (n-6) lipoxins that stimulate and promote resolution of inflammation, clearance of microbes, reduce pain and promote tissue regeneration via novel mechanisms. Here, we review recent evidence from human and preclinical animal studies, together with the structural and functional elucidation of SPM indicating the SPM as physiologic mediators and pharmacologic agonists that stimulate resolution of inflammation and infection. These results suggest that it is time to develop immunoresolvents as agonists for testing resolution pharmacology in nutrition and health as well as in human diseases and during surgery. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient. Update. Consensus SEMICYUC-SENPE: Cardiac patient; Patients with cardiac disease can develop two types of malnutrition: cardiac cachexia, which appears in chronic congestive heart failure, and malnutrition due to the complications of cardiac surgery or any other type of surgery in patients with heart disease.
Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation, Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation, or a Strength-Training Exercise Program on Clinical Outcomes in Older Adults The DO-HEALTH Randomized Clinical Trial; This randomized trial compares the effects of vitamin D, omega-3s, and a strength-training exercise program alone or in combination vs no supplementation and control exercise on changes in blood pressure, physical and cognitive function, nonvertebral fractures, and infections over 3 years among older adults.
n-3 fatty acids and human health: Defining strategies for public policy; The last quarter of the 20th century was characterized by an increase in the consumer's interest in the nutritional aspects of health. As a result, governments began to develop dietary guidelines in addition to the traditional recommended dietary allowances, which have been superseded now by dietary reference intakes. In addition to governments, various scientific societies and nongovernmental organizations have issued their dietary advice to combat chronic diseases and obesity. Human beings evolved on a diet that was balanced in n-6 and n-3 essential fatty acid intake, whereas Western diets have a ratio of n-6/n-3 of 16.74. The scientific evidence is strong for decreasing the n-6 and increasing the n-3 intake to improve health throughout the life cycle. This paper discusses the reasons for this change and recommends the establishment of a Nutrition and Food Policy, instead of a Food and Nutrition Policy, because the latter subordinates the nutritional aspects to the food policy aspects. Nutrition and food planning comprise a tool of nutrition and food policy, whose objectives are the achievement of the adequate nutrition of the population as defined by nutritional science. The scientific basis for the development of a public policy to develop dietary recommendations for essential fatty acids, including a balanced n-6/n-3 ratio is robust. What is needed is a scientific consensus, education of professionals and the public, the establishment of an agency on nutrition and food policy at the national level, and willingness of governments to institute changes. Education of the public is essential to demand changes in the food supply.
Medicines and Vegetable Oils as Hidden Causes of Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes; Background: Positive associations have been observed between cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), but their causal relationship has not been clarified. Nevertheless, guidelines from relevant medical societies recommend using cholesterol lowering medication (statin) for both types of patients. Medicines with several different action mechanisms have been developed, and the effectiveness of different lifestyle modifications has been studied extensively for the prevention of DM, which was successful in improving clinical marker status in relatively short-term treatments, but none have been shown to be effective in improving long-term outcomes (mortality from CVD and all causes). Summary: Statin-induced suppression of prenyl intermediates in the cholesterol biosynthetic pathway has been linked to stimulated atherosclerosis and heart failure. On the other hand, certain types of vegetable oil and hydrogenated oil shortened the survival of stroke-prone sponta-neously hypertensive rats by decreasing platelet number, increasing hemorrhagic tendency and damaging kidney functions, which could not be accounted for by their fatty acid and phytosterol compositions. These vegetable oils and medicines such as statin and warfarin share, in part, a common mechanism to inhibit vitamin K-2-dependent processes, which was interpreted to lead to increased onset of CVD, DM, chronic kidney disease, bone fracture and even mental disorder. Impaired vitamin K-2-dependent processes by some types of vegetable oils and medicines, but not plasma high low density lipoprotein cholesterol, were proposed as the cause of CVD, DM and other lifestyle-related diseases. High n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio of ingested foods, but not animal fats, was emphasized to be another risk factor for many of the diseases described above. Key Messages: To date, no ran-domized controlled trials (RCTs) have been performed to prove the above interpretation. However, the opposite types of RCT trials have been performed by increasing the intake of high-linoleic vegetable oils and reducing that of animal fats, which resulted in increased CVD and all-cause mortality. The amounts of these vegetable oils to exhibit adverse effects in animal studies are not huge (<6 energy %), which should not be overlooked nor disregarded. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Potential Impact of Time Trend of Life-Style Factors on Cardiovascular Disease Burden in China; BACKGROUND Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in China. Evaluation of risk factors and their impacts on disease burden is important for future public health initiatives and policy making.
Gene and lncRNA Profiling of ω3/ω6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Exposed Human Visceral Adipocytes Uncovers Different Responses in Healthy Lean, Obese and Colorectal Cancer-Affected Individuals; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a major life-threatening disease, being the third most common cancer and a leading cause of death worldwide. Enhanced adiposity, particularly visceral fat, is a major risk factor for CRC, and obesity-associated alterations in metabolic, inflammatory and immune profiles in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) strongly contribute to promoting or sustaining intestinal carcinogenesis. The role of diet and nutrition in obesity and CRC has been extensively demonstrated, and AT represents the main place where diet-induced signals are integrated. Among the factors introduced with diet and processed or enriched in AT, omega 3/omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are endowed with pro- or anti-inflammatory properties and have been shown to exert either promoting or protective roles in CRC. In this study, we investigated the impact of ex vivo exposure to the omega 3 and omega 6 PUFAs docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids on VAT adipocyte whole transcription in healthy lean, obese and CRC-affected individuals. High-throughput sequencing of protein-coding and long non-coding RNAs allowed us to identify specific pathways and regulatory circuits controlled by PUFAs and highlighted an impaired responsiveness of obese and CRC-affected individuals as compared to the strong response observed in healthy lean subjects. This further supports the role of healthy diets and balanced omega 3/omega 6 PUFA intake in the primary prevention of obesity and cancer.
The impact of exercise and nutrition on the regulation of skeletal muscle mass; The maintenance of skeletal muscle mass and strength throughout life is a key determinant of human health and well-being. There is a gradual loss of both skeletal muscle mass and strength with ageing (a process termed sarcopenia) that increases the risk of functional dependence, morbidity and mortality. Understanding the factors that regulate the size of human muscle mass, particularly during the later years of life, has therefore become an area of intense scientific inquiry. The amount of muscle mass is determined by coordinated changes in muscle protein synthesis (MPS) and muscle protein breakdown (MPB). In this review, we assess both classical and contemporary work that has examined how resistance exercise and nutrition impact on MPS and MPB. Special consideration is given to the role of different sources of dietary protein (food vs. supplements) and non-protein nutrients such as omega-3 fatty acids in regulating MPS. We also critically evaluate recent studies that have employed novel 'omic' technologies such as dynamic protein profiling to probe for changes in rates of MPS and MPB at the individual protein level following exercise. Finally, we provide suggestions for future research that we hope will yield important information for the development of exercise and nutritional strategies to counteract muscle loss in a variety of clinical settings.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Enhances Oxaliplatin-Induced Autophagic Cell Death via the ER Stress/Sesn2 Pathway in Colorectal Cancer; Oxaliplatin is an anticancer drug administered to colorectal cancer (CRC) patients in combination with 5-fluorouracil and antibodies (bevacizumab and cetuximab), thereby significantly improving the survival rate of CRC. However, due to various side effects associated with the above treatment strategy, the need for combinatorial therapeutic strategies has emerged. Based on the demand for new combinatorial therapies and the known antitumor effects of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), we investigated the Oxaliplatin and DHA combination for its effect. Our results indicated that DHA further enhanced Oxaliplatin-induced cell viability and autophagic cell death, in vitro and in vivo. Oxaliplatin and DHA also increased the expression of Sestrin 2 (SESN2) and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress related C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP). Additionally, treatment with Oxaliplatin and DHA enhanced the binding of CHOP to the promotor region of SESN2, increasing SESN2 expression. These results suggested that DHA enhanced Oxaliplatin-induced reduction in cell viability and increase in autophagy via activating SESN2 and increasing ER stress. Thus, SESN2 may be an effective preclinical target for CRC treatment.
Elevation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration with over-the-counter fish oil supplementation; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC) concentration in a patient taking fish oil supplements for hypertriglyceridemia.
Association Between Triglyceride Lowering and Reduction of Cardiovascular Risk Across Multiple Lipid-Lowering Therapeutic Classes A Systematic Review and Meta-Regression Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Randomized trials of therapies that primarily lowered triglycerides have not consistently shown reductions in cardiovascular events. Methods: We performed a systematic review and trial-level meta-regression analysis of 3 classes of lipid-lowering therapies that reduce triglycerides to a greater extent than they do low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C): fibrates, niacin, and marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids. Key inclusion criteria were a randomized controlled trial that reported major vascular events. We also incorporated data from a previous meta-regression of 25 statin trials. The main outcome measure was the risk ratio (RR) for major vascular events associated with absolute reductions in lipid parameters. Results: A total of 197 270 participants from 24 trials of nonstatin therapy with 25 218 major vascular events and 177 088 participants from 25 trials of statin therapy with 20 962 major vascular events were included, for a total of 374 358 patients and 46 180 major cardiovascular events. Starting with non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, a surrogate for very-low-density lipoproteins and low-density lipoproteins, the RR per 1-mmol/L reduction in non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.79 (95% CI, 0.76-0.82; P<0.0001; 0.78 per 40 mg/dL). In a multivariable meta-regression model that included terms for both LDL-C and triglyceride (surrogates for low-density lipoproteins and very-low-density lipoproteins, respectively), the RR was 0.80 (95% CI, 0.76-0.85; P<0.0001) per 1-mmol/L (0.79 per 40 mg/dL) reduction in LDL-C and 0.84 (95% CI, 0.75-0.94; P=0.0026) per 1-mmol/L (0.92 per 40 mg/dL) reduction in triglycerides. REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial) was a significant outlier and strongly influential trial in the meta-regression. When removed, the RRs became 0.79 (95% CI, 0.76-0.83; P<0.0001) per 1-mmol/L (0.78 per 40 mg/dL) reduction in LDL-C and 0.91 (95% CI, 0.81-1.006; P=0.06) per 1-mmol/L (0.96 per 40 mg/dL) reduction in triglycerides. In regard to omega-3 dose, each 1 g/d eicosapentaenoic acid administered was associated with a 7% relative risk reduction in major vascular events (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.91-0.95]; P<0.0001), whereas there was no significant association between the dose of docosahexaenoic acid and the relative risk reduction in major vascular events (RR 0.96 [95% CI, 0.89-1.03]). Conclusions: In randomized controlled trials, triglyceride lowering is associated with a lower risk of major vascular events, even after adjustment for LDL-C lowering, although the effect is less than that for LDL-C and attenuated when REDUCE-IT is excluded. Furthermore, the benefits of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids, particularly high-dose eicosapentaenoic acid, appear to exceed their lipid-lowering effects.
Diet enriched in omega-3 fatty acids alleviates olfactory system deficits in APOE4 transgenic mice; Olfactory dysfunction is observed in several neurological disorders including Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer disease (AD). These deficits occur early and correlate with global cognitive performance, depression and degeneration of olfactory regions in the brain. Despite extensive human studies, there has been little characterization of the olfactory system in models of AD. In order to determine if olfactory structural and/or molecular phenotypes are observed in a model expressing a genetic risk factor for AD, we assessed the olfactory bulb (OB) in APOE4 transgenic mice. A significant decrease in OB weight was observed at 12 months of age in APOE4 mice concurrent with inflammation and decreased NeuN expression. In order to determine if a diet rich in omega-3s may alleviate the olfactory system phenotypes observed, we assessed WT and APOE4 mice on a docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) diet. APOE4 mice on a DHA diet did not present with atrophy of the OB, and the alterations in NeuN and IBA-1 expression were alleviated. Furthermore, alterations in caspase mRNA and protein expression in the APOE4 OB were not observed with a DHA diet. Similar to the human AD condition, OB atrophy is an early phenotype in the APOE4 mice and concurrent with inflammation. These data support a link between the structural olfactory brain region atrophy and the olfactory dysfunction observed in AD and suggest that inflammation and cell death pathways may contribute to the olfactory deficits observed. Furthermore, the results suggest that diets enriched in DHA may provide benefit to APOE4 allele carriers.
Nutraceuticals - An emerging era in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Foods and nutrients play a vital role in normal functioning of the body. They are helpful in maintaining the health of the individual and in reducing the risk of various diseases. Worldwide acceptance of this fact formed a recognition link between "nutrition" and "health" and the concept of "nutraceuticals" was evolved.
Risks and Benefits of Consumption of Great Lakes Fish; BACKGROUND: Beneficial effects of fish consumption on early cognitive development and cardiovascular health have been attributed to the omega-3 fatty acids in fish and fish oils, but toxic chemicals in fish may adversely affect these health outcomes. Risk benefit assessments of fish consumption have frequently focused on methylmercury and omega-3 fatty acids, not persistent pollutants such as polychlorinated biphenyls, and none have evaluated Great Lakes fish consumption.
FTIR Microspectroscopy as a new probe to study human uterine lesions: Characterization of tumor cell lines from uterine smooth muscle cells and evaluation of EPA and DHA <i>in vitro</i> treatments; During their life, women are likely to develop uterine diseases, which often compromise their fertile and perimenopausal age. Besides benign lesions like leiomyomas, several malignant neoplasms can occur, such as the uterine leiomyosarcoma, which represents the most frequent malignancy among the rarest uterine cancers. It presents several variants similar to both benign and malignant neoplasms, and sometimes it shares symptoms with the benign counterpart. In this scenario, for a correct diagnosis and a successful prognosis, it is mandatory to detect new reliable markers which strengthen histopathological outcomes and let define a more appropriate and less harmful therapy. Based on this concerning evidence, in the present study, Fourier Transform Infrared Microspectroscopy has been exploited at a cellular level on uterine leiomyoma and leiomyosarcoma cell lines to (1) identify specific spectral biomarkers able to distinguish between benign and malignant lesions, and (2) evaluate the efficacy of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (respectively EPA and DHA), already successfully tested. Results evidenced reliable differences in the spectral signature of benign and malignant cells, mainly in terms of lipids and nucleic acids composition. Moreover, even if EPA and DHA seemed to exert different effects on the tested cell lines, no cytotoxic and/or anti-apoptotic actions were observed after omega-3 based treatments.
Mechanisms Underlying Antiarrhythmic Properties of Cardioprotective Agents Impacting Inflammation and Oxidative Stress; The prevention of cardiac life-threatening ventricular fibrillation and stroke-provoking atrial fibrillation remains a serious global clinical issue, with ongoing need for novel approaches. Numerous experimental and clinical studies suggest that oxidative stress and inflammation are deleterious to cardiovascular health, and can increase heart susceptibility to arrhythmias. It is quite interesting, however, that various cardio-protective compounds with antiarrhythmic properties are potent anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory agents. These most likely target the pro-arrhythmia primary mechanisms. This review and literature-based analysis presents a realistic view of antiarrhythmic efficacy and the molecular mechanisms of current pharmaceuticals in clinical use. These include the sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors used in diabetes treatment, statins in dyslipidemia and naturally protective omega-3 fatty acids. This approach supports the hypothesis that prevention or attenuation of oxidative and inflammatory stress can abolish pro-arrhythmic factors and the development of an arrhythmia substrate. This could prove a powerful tool of reducing cardiac arrhythmia burden.
Interplay between different polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in men; Background - Consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, but n-6 PUFAs may compete with n-3 PUFA metabolism and attenuate benefits. Additionally, seafood-based, long-chain n-3 PUFAs may modify the effects of plant-based, intermediate-chain n-3 PUFAs. However, the interactions of these PUFAs in relation to CHD risk are not well established.
Dietary habits of patients with coronary artery disease in a tertiary-care hospital of Bangladesh: a case-controlled study; Background and objectives Globally, coronary artery disease (CAD) remains one of the leading causes of death, both in developed and less economically developed countries (LEDC) including Bangladesh. Diet plays a key role in the pathogenesis processes of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease (CAD). The purpose of this study was to assess the dietary habit of heart disease cases that had CAD against matched controls. Methodology Complying Helsinki ethical norms, with written consent, this case-control study was performed among 210 subjects: 105 CAD-hospitalized patients (selected from Lab Aid Cardiac and Specialized Hospitals) and 105 healthy subjects from local urban communities having their body mass index (BMI: ranging between >= 18.5 and 27 socio-demographic status, detailed-dietary patterns and blood pressure levels were recorded, anthropometric indices measured, and serum biochemistry (complete lipid profile) tested/analyzed for both the cases and controls. All visually re-checked data were analyzed using appropriate statistical tools (t test/conditional-logistic regressions) on SPS/Windows V.21.0. Result Almost half (45%) CAD patients had hypertriglyceridemia and higher levels of low-density lipoprotein, significantly higher BMA (p=0.001), waist circumference, and waist to hip ratio in male patients (p=0.005 and p=0.020, respectively) than their peer controls. Serum lipid profiles, sugar concentrations, and blood pressure levels of CAD patients revealed higher levels than clinically defined cut-off values as established risk factors for CAD. Odds ratios (CI 95%) as risk factors for consuming junk food {OR=5.49 (2.25-13.38)}, chicken {OR=4.54 (1.89-10.9) was the most, followed by beef {OR=2.68 (1.19-4.98)}, eggs {OR=2.38 (1.14-10.92)}, fish {OR=2.81 (1.31-6.04)}, and vegetables {0R=.968 (0.510-1.839)}. However, fat-free milk, ghee/butter oil, curd/yogurt, and fruits had lower ORs revealing no or less risks for CAD. Conclusion Food habits of CAD patients (with higher BMI level and biochemical indicators of the blood) statistically revealed that consuming junk food, meat, and eggs being riskier, fruits, fat-free milk, yogurt, and vegetable remains have protective effects on CAD.
Effects of sesame (<i>Sesamum indicum</i> L.) and bioactive compounds (sesamin and sesamolin) on inflammation and atherosclerosis: A review; Inflammation, oxidative stress, obesity, infection, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and diabetes are the main causes of atherosclerosis, which in the long term lead to hardening of the arteries. In the current study, we reviewed recent findings of the mechanism of sesame and its active compounds of sesamin and sesamolin regulates on atherosclerosis. Sesame can decrease the lipid peroxidation and affect the enzymes, which control the balance of oxidative status in the body. Besides modulating the inflammatory cytokines, sesame regulates the main mediators of the signaling pathways in the process of inflammation, such as prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), nuclear factor kappa light-chain enhancer of activated B cells (NF-kB) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma). Sesame decreases the growth of different pathogens. It fights against obesity and helps to reduce weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and lipid count of serum and liver. In addition to lowering fasting blood sugar (FBS), it decreases the hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and glucose levels and improves insulin function. With high content of linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and total polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), sesame efficiently controls the blood plasma lipids and changes the lipid profile. In the case of hypertension, it maintains the health of endothelium through multiple mechanisms and conserves the response of the arteries to vasodilation. PUFA in sesame suppresses blood clotting and fibrinogen activity. All the mentioned properties combat atherosclerosis and hardening of blood vessels, which are detailed in the present review for sesame.
Metabolic risk factors for stroke and transient ischemic attacks in middle-aged men -: A community-based study with long-term follow-up; Background and Purpose - The impact of lipometabolic and glucometabolic disturbances on stroke incidence remains to be characterized in detail. We investigated relations of a comprehensive panel of baseline lipometabolic and glucometabolic variables to incident fatal and nonfatal stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA), and stroke subtypes.
Pharmacologic Treatment of Hyperlipidemia; Pharmacologic treatment of hyperlipidemia in conjunction with therapeutic lifestyle changes can be used for both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Statins have the most convincing data for primary prevention, especially for higher risk patients. Therefore, risk stratification is essential. Statin therapy is also recommended for secondary prevention in all patients with known cardiovascular disease or the risk equivalent. High-dose statins should be initiated in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Omega-3 fatty acids may be a good alternative after myocardial infarction for patients who cannot tolerate statins. Fibrates and niacin have not been shown to reduce all-cause mortality in secondary prevention, but may be useful adjuncts when statins alone cannot adequately control lipid levels. Other cholesterol-lowering medications used for primary or secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease have not been shown to consistently improve patient-oriented outcomes. There is good evidence for using statins in the secondary prevention of stroke and peripheral arterial disease. (Am Fam Physician. 2011;84(5):551-558. Copyright (C) 2011 American Academy of Family Physicians.)
Mfsd2a Attenuates Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption After Sub-arachnoid Hemorrhage by Inhibiting Caveolae-Mediated Transcellular Transport in Rats; Blood-brain barrier (BBB) disruption is one of the critical mechanisms of brain injury induced by subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). Past studies have often focused on the tight junctions of endothelial cells. However, low transcellular transport levels also play an important role in the normal functioning of the BBB. Major facilitator superfamily domain-containing 2a (Mfsd2a) has been demonstrated to be essential for the maintenance of the normal BBB. Our present study aimed to explore the roles and mechanisms of Mfsd2a in BBB disruption after SAH. In this study, a prechiasmatic cistern single-injection model was used to produce experimental SAH in Sprague-Dawley rats. Specific small-interfering RNA and plasmids were used to downregulate and upregulate the expression of Mfsd2a prior to assessments in our SAH model. Omega-3 fatty acid deficiency diet was used to reduce DHA in rat brain. The expression level of Mfsd2a decreased significantly after SAH and reached its lowest level at 72 h post-SAH, which then gradually recovered. At 72 h after SAH, BBB function was disrupted; upregulation of Mfsd2a reversed this damage, whereas downregulation of Mfsd2a exacerbated this damage. These effects were primarily mediated through transcellular transport, especially for changes in caveolae compared to those of tight junctions. After stopping the supply of omega-3 fatty acids, the effect of Mfsd2a on inhibition of caveolae and protection of the blood-brain barrier was eliminated. Taken together, Mfsd2a inhibits caveolae-based transcellular transport by transporting omega-3 fatty acids to protect the BBB after SAH.
The Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid EPA, but Not DHA, Enhances Neurotrophic Factor Expression through Epigenetic Mechanisms and Protects against Parkinsonian Neuronal Cell Death; omega-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been found to exert many actions, including neuroprotective effects. In this regard, the exact molecular mechanisms are not well understood. Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common age-related neurodegenerative disease. Emerging evidence supports the hypothesis that PD is the result of complex interactions between genetic abnormalities, environmental toxins, mitochondrial dysfunction, and other cellular processes, such as DNA methylation. In this context, BDNF (brain-derived neurotrophic factor) and GDNF (glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor) have a pivotal role because they are both involved in neuron differentiation, survival, and synaptogenesis. In this study, we aimed to elucidate the potential role of two PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and their effects on BDNF and GDNF expression in the SH-SY5Y cell line. Cell viability was determined using the MTT assay, and flow cytometry analysis was used to verify the level of apoptosis. Transmission electron microscopy was performed to observe the cell ultrastructure and mitochondria morphology. BDNF and GDNF protein levels and mRNA were assayed by Western blotting and RT-PCR, respectively. Finally, methylated and hydroxymethylated DNA immunoprecipitation were performed in the BDNF and GDNF promoter regions. EPA, but not DHA, is able (i) to reduce the neurotoxic effect of neurotoxin 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) in vitro, (ii) to re-establish mitochondrial function, and (iii) to increase BNDF and GDNF expression via epigenetic mechanisms.
Gamma-Linolenic and Pinolenic Acids Exert Anti-Inflammatory Effects in Cultured Human Endothelial Cells Through Their Elongation Products; Scope Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) from oily fish reduce cardiovascular disease. This may be partly due to modulation of endothelial cell (EC) inflammation. Fish stocks are declining and there is a need for sustainable alternative FAs. Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) and pinolenic acid (PLA) are plant-derived FAs, which can fulfil this role. Methods and results EA.hy926 cells are exposed GLA and PLA prior to stimulation with tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha. GLA and PLA are incorporated into ECs, resulting in increases in long-chain derivatives produced by elongase 5, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and eicosatrienoic acid (ETA). Both GLA and PLA (50 mu m) decrease production of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1), and regulated on activation, normal T cell expressed and secreted (RANTES). However, decreases in these mediators are not seen after pre-treatment with GLA or PLA in elongase 5 silenced EA.hy926 cells. DGLA and ETA (10 mu m) decrease EC production of sICAM-1, MCP-1, RANTES, and IL-6. All FAs reduce adhesion of THP-1 monocytes to EA.hy926 cells. Both PLA (50 mu m) and ETA (10 mu m) decrease NF kappa Bp65 phosphorylation. Conclusion These effects suggest potential for GLA, PLA and their long-chain derivatives, DGLA and ETA, as sustainable anti-inflammatory alternatives to fish-derived FAs.
Fish Oil Supplementation: A Matter of DHA Enzymatic/Non-Enzymatic Oxidation Balance?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Alzheimer's type dementia (AD) are leading causes of death amongst aged people, with rates expected to rise due to increased longevity.
WEIGHT CYCLING-INDUCED REDUCTION OF LINOLEIC-ACID IN CARCASS AND ADIPOSE-TISSUE IN RATS; Recent epidemiological studies have proposed the hypothesis that large fluctuations in body weight over time may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Several studies have demonstrated that there is an inverse correlation between adipose tissue linoleic acid content and the risk of coronary heart disease. This led us to consider whether several weight cyclings induced by food restriction followed by regain could affect metabolism of linoleic acid and a-linolenic acid and their longer-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Fifty rats were fed a semipurified diet containing 15% fat (30.5% kcal) in which linoleic acid and cl-linolenic acid accounted for 7.2 and 3.5% of total fatty acids, respectively. They were randomly divided in two groups. The control (CTL) group was allowed free access to diet whereas the weight-cycled (W-CYC) rats were subjected to four cycles of partial food restriction (24% intake of ad libitum controls, about 5 g/day)for 3 or 4 days to reduce body weight followed by ad libitum refeeding until the weight reached the corresponding average of the CTL group. Four rats were killed as baseline values before weight cycle. The rest of the rats from each group were killed at the beginning (n = 5), the end of partial food restriction (n = 9), and the end of ad libitum refeeding (n = 10) in weight cycle 4. The fatty acid compositions of the liver, epididymal, and perirenal adipose tissue and carcass were determined by gas liquid chromatography. The W-CYC rats, compared with the CTL rats, increased significantly their food intake immediately after each partial food restriction but thereafter gradually reached that of the CTL. No differences in the weights of liver, epididymal, and perirenal adipose tissue were observed between the W-CYC and CTL group after four weight cycles. Contrary to ad libitum feeding, four weight cyclings decreased the content of linoleic acid in the carcass, epididymal and perirenal adipose tissue. alpha-linolenic acid was also lower in the W-CYC rats than in the CTL group, but a significant difference was observed only at the end of partial food restriction. Compared with those in the CTL, the livery fatty acids in the W-CYC rats were remarkably modified during the partial food restriction, showing an increase in linoleic, cu-linolenic, and arachidonic acids but a decrease in oleic and palmitoleic acids. The food restriction-induced changes in liver fatty acids were reversed after the ad libitum refeeding. We conclude that weight cycling alters body fatty acid composition characterized by a selective decrease in the linoleic acid content of carcass and adipose tissues without significantly changing the total body fat content and the weight of perirenal and epididymal fat pads.
Effect of Fish Oil Parenteral Emulsion Supplementation on Inflammatory Parameters after Esophagectomy; (Background) Esophagectomy (EPG) presents high morbidity and mortality. Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3FA) are a pharmaconutrient with benefits for postoperative morbidity. Studies of omega-3FA administered parenterally after esophagectomy are scarce. This study proposes to investigate the effect of combining fish oil lipid emulsions (LE) administered parenterally with enteral nutrition support. (Methods) Randomization was 1:1:1 in three groups: Group A received a LE mixture of 0.4 g/kg/day of fish oil and 0.4 g/kg/day of LCT/MCT 50:50, Group B received 0.8 g/kg/day of fish oil LE, and Group C received 0.8 g/kg/day of LCT/MCT 50:50. Variables were measured at recruitment time and day +1, +3, and +5. Inflammatory variables studied were Interlukin-6, C-reactive protein (CRP), tumoral necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-10, IL-8 and CD25s. Safety, nutritional parameters and complications were analyzed. (Results) Administration of omega-3LE in the immediate postoperative period did not modulate the earlier inflammatory response. Statistically significant differences were found in IL-6 and CRP overall temporal evolution but were not found when studying the type of LE administered or in patients needing critical care. Administration of omega-3 resulted in safe and improved hypertriglyceridemia, depending on the dose. (Conclusions) omega-3FA has no impact on the early inflammatory postoperative response assessed for a short period but was safe. More studies for longer periods are needed.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Supplemented Diet and its preventive effect on tumor growth in nude mice; Cancer is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide according to the WHO. Strong evidence suggests that food and nutrition are important in modification of cancer process. There is increased evidence that specific dietary patterns or constituents such as n-3 PUFAs, may be associated with reduced risk of BC. Female athymic nude mice were fed since weaning to adulthood with a DHA+EPA (4% w/w) diet or with standard diet during 14-week. At week7, tumor cell implantation with MDA-MB-231cell line took place, each mice received 5x106 tumor cells. When tumors became palpable, maximum length, width, and diameters were measured twice a week. Incidence of tumor development was observed in all mice (n=4, 100%) in the control diet group; instead, the n-3 PUFAs diet group, only two mice developed tumor (n=2, 50%), and the development time was longer compared to the control group. These differences were significant (p < 0.001). This study establish the potential effect as a preventive measure to BC. This evidence is consentient with epidemiological data about high n-3 PUFAs diet patterns in some populations may lower risk of BC, highlighting the importance of these components in our diet since childhood to promote the preventive effect. Being thus necessary, setting up recommendations for n-3 PUFAs supplementation from fish oil or, for a minimal dietary fatty fish intake/week, in order to attempt modulate carcinogenesis in populations at high risk, particularly those with a high prevalence of obesity.
Effects of the intake of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Introduction: metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women can improve with a healthy diet.
Nonenzymatic Oxidation of Trienoic Fatty Acids Contributes to Reactive Oxygen Species Management in <i>Arabidopsis</i>; In higher plants such as Arabidopsis thaliana, omega-3 trienoic fatty acids (TFAs), represented mainly by alpha-linolenic acid, serve as precursors of jasmonic acid (JA), a potent lipid signal molecule essential for defense. The JA-independent roles of TFAs were investigated by comparing the TFA- and JA-deficient fatty acid desaturase triple mutant (fad3-2 fad7-2 fad8 (fad3 fad7 fad8)) with the aos (allene oxide synthase) mutant that contains TFAs but is JA-deficient. When challenged with the fungus Botrytis, resistance of the fad3 fad7 fad8 mutant was reduced when compared with the aos mutant, suggesting that TFAs play a role in cell survival independently of being the precursors of JA. An independent genetic approach using the lesion mimic mutant accelerated cell death2 (acd2-2) confirmed the importance of TFAs in containing lesion spread, which was increased in the lines in which the fad3 fad7 fad8 and acd2-2 mutations were combined when compared with the aos acd2-2 lines. Malondialdehyde, found to result from oxidative TFA fragmentation during lesion formation, was measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Its levels correlated with the survival of the tissue. Furthermore, plants lacking TFAs overproduced salicylic acid (SA), hydrogen peroxide, and transcripts encoding several SA-regulated and SA biosynthetic proteins. The data suggest a physiological role for TFAs as sinks for reactive oxygen species.
Nonstatin Therapies for Management of Dyslipidemia: A Review; Purpose: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. Recently published cholesterol treatment guidelines emphasize the use of statins as the preferred treatment strategy for both primary and secondary prevention of CVD. However, the optimal treatment strategy for patients who cannot tolerate statin therapy or those who need additional lipid-lowering therapy is unclear in light of recent evidence that demonstrates a lack of improved cardiovascular outcomes with combination therapy. The purpose of this review is to summarize and interpret evidence that evaluates nonstatin drug classes in reducing cardiovascular outcomes, to provide recommendations for use of nonstatin therapies in clinical practice, and to review emerging nonstatin therapies for management of dyslipidemia.
Current Evidence Supporting the Link Between Dietary Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease; Lack of consensus exists pertaining to the scientific evidence regarding effects of various dietary fatty acids on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The objective of this article is to review current evidence concerning cardiovascular health effects of the main dietary fatty acid types; namely, trans (TFA), saturated (SFA), polyunsaturated (PUFA; n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA), and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA). Accumulating evidence shows negative health impacts of TFA and SFA; both may increase CVD risk. Policies have been proposed to reduce TFA and SFA consumption to less than 1 and 7 % of energy intake, respectively. Cardiovascular health might be promoted by replacing SFA and TFA with n-6 PUFA, n-3 PUFA, or MUFA; however, the optimal amount of PUFA or MUFA that can be used to replace SFA and TFA has not been defined yet. Evidence suggests of the potential importance of restricting n-6 PUFA up to 10 % of energy and obtaining an n-6/n-3 ratio as close as possible to unity, along with a particular emphasis on consuming adequate amounts of essential fatty acids. The latest evidence shows cardioprotective effects of MUFA-rich diets, especially when MUFA are supplemented with essential fatty acids; namely, docosahexaenoic acid. MUFA has been newly suggested to be involved in regulating fat oxidation, energy metabolism, appetite sensations, weight maintenance, and cholesterol metabolism. These favorable effects might implicate MUFA as the preferable choice to substitute for other fatty acids, especially given the declaration of its safety for up to 20 % of total energy.
Mfsd2a and Glut1 Brain Nutrient Transporters Expression Increase with 32-Week Low and High Lard Compared with Fish-Oil Dietary Treatment in C57BI/6 Mice; Background: Diet-mediated alterations of critical brain nutrient transporters, major facilitator super family domain-containing 2a (Mfsd2a) and glucose transporter 1 (Glut1), have wide reaching implications in brain health and disease.
COVID-19-associated hypertriglyceridemia and impact of treatment; Background Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) associated hypertriglyceridemia was observed among patients admitted to intensive care units (ICU) in Qatar. This study aimed to describe COVID-19-associated-hypertriglyceridemia in ICU patients and the impact of treating hypertriglyceridemia on clinical outcomes.Methods A retrospective observational cohort study of adult patients who were admitted to the ICU with a confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 pneumonia according to the World Health Organization criteria. Hypertriglyceridemia was defined as triglyceride level of 1.7 mmol/L (>= 150 mg/dL) and severe hypertriglyceridemia as fasting TG of >= 5.6 mmol/L (>= 500 mg/dL).Results Of 1,234 enrolled patients, 1,016 (82.3%) had hypertriglyceridemia. Median age was 50 years and 87.9% were males. Patients with hypertriglyceridemia showed significantly longer time to COVID-19 recovery, ICU and hospital stay, and time to death (29.3 vs. 16.9 days) without a difference in mortality between groups. Of patients with hypertriglyceridemia, 343 (33.8%) received treatment (i.e., fibrate and/or omega-3). Patients in treatment group showed longer time to COVID-19 recovery and hospital stay with no difference in death rates in comparison with those in no-treatment group. Relatively older patients were less likely to experience hypertriglyceridemia (odd ratio (OR) 0.976; 95% CI: 0.956, 0.995) or to receive treatment (OR 0.977; 95% CI: 0.960, 0.994). Whereas patients who received tocilizumab were more likely to experience high TG level (OR 3.508; 95% CI: 2.046, 6.015) and to receive treatment for it (OR 2.528; 95% CI: 1.628, 3.926).Conclusion Hypertriglyceridemia associated with COVID-19 did not increase death rate, but prolonged time to death and length of stay. Treating hypertriglyceridemia did not translate into improvement in clinical outcomes including mortality.
Effect of a Mediterranean type of diet on the rate of cardiovascular complications in patients with coronary artery disease - Insights into the cardioprotective effect of certain nutriments; Objectives. We sought to describe the various cardiovascular complications that occurred in the Lyon Diet Heart Study (a secondary prevention trial testing the protective effects of a Mediterranean type of diet), to analyze their relations with the associated drug treatments and to gain insights into the possible mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of certain nutriments.
Micronutrient Supplementation to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk; BACKGROUND Healthy dietary patterns are rich in micronutrients, but their influence on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risks has not been systematically quantified.
Prevalence and Correlates of Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Alaska Eskimos The GOCADAN Study; Background and Purpose-The recent increase in clinical cardiovascular disease in Alaska Eskimos suggests that changes in traditional lifestyle may have adverse public health consequences. This study examines the prevalence of subclinical vascular disease and its relation to risk factors in Alaska Eskimos.
Targeting ApoC-III to Reduce Coronary Disease Risk; Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) are causal contributors to the risk of developing coronary artery disease (CAD). Apolipoprotein C-III (apoC-III) is a component of TRLs that elevates plasma triglycerides (TGs) through delaying the lipolysis of TGs and the catabolism of TRL remnants. Recent human genetics approaches have shown that heterozygous loss-of-function mutations in APOC3, the gene encoding apoC-III, lower plasma TGs and protect from CAD. This observation has spawned new interest in therapeutic efforts to target apoC-III. Here, we briefly review both currently available as well as developing therapies for reducing apoC-III levels and function to lower TGs and cardiovascular risk. These therapies include existing options including statins, fibrates, thiazolidinediones, omega-3-fatty acids, and niacin, as well as an antisense oligonucleotide targeting APOC3 currently in clinical development. We review the mechanisms of action by which these drugs reduce apoC-III and the current understanding of how reduction in apoC-III may impact CAD risk.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Atherosclerosis: Insights from Pre-Clinical Studies; Atherosclerosis and its complications are responsible for more global deaths than any other disease. Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease of medium and large arteries that can cause clinical complications such as myocardial infarction and cerebrovascular accidents. Current therapies against atherosclerosis mainly target the dyslipidemia associated with the disease and are associated with considerable residual risk for cardiovascular disease together with various side effects. In addition, the outcomes of clinical trials on many pharmaceutical agents against promising therapeutic targets have been disappointing. This has resulted in considerable recent interest on nutraceuticals in the prevention of atherosclerosis and as add-on with current pharmaceutical therapies. However, nutraceutical research has considerably lagged those on pharmaceuticals on two key aspects, large clinical trials and mechanistic insights. The latter forms the focus of this review in relation to the potential beneficial actions of polyunsaturated fatty acids as identified from pre-clinical studies. Practical Applications: There is substantial recent interest in the use of nutraceuticals for the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis. It is therefore important that the molecular mechanisms underlying their protective actions are fully understood and large clinical trials are carried out to evaluate their efficacy. Polyunsaturated fatty acids represent promising anti-atherogenic agents. This review illuminates on the mechanisms underlying their actions in relation to atherosclerosis as revealed from pre-clinical studies using in vitro and in vivo model systems. Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory disorder of the vasculature and the underlying cause of cardiovascular disease. Current therapies against atherosclerosis are not fully effective and the outcomes on many promising pharmaceutical agents have been disappointing. This has generated substantial interest in nutraceuticals such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the prevention and treatment of this disease. This review describes the actions of omega-3 and -6 PUFAs on key cellular processes associated with atherosclerosis in vitro and the development of the disease in mouse model systems in vivo together with the mechanisms underlying their beneficial effects and studies in humans.
Ethnicity and cardiovascular illness; Environment and genetic interaction during human evolution has predisposed chronic-degenerative diseases development in our society "Thrifty" genotype, is a consequence derived from human being adaptation to Paleolithic and Neolithic environment combined with occidental life style, which is characterized by hyperinsulinemia without a gluconeogenesis inhibition, resulting in cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus. Many hypotheses were formulated to explain high diversity rates in coronary artery disease according to different ethnic groups. For example, Afro-American populations present uncoupling proteins isoforms related to lower resting energy expenditure and oxidative metabolism of fatty acids diminished. In addition they have elevated Lipoprotein (a) concentration and high salt sensitivity which are just some of the influential factors in CAD pathogenesis. Asian population has numerous cardiovascular risks factors partly inhibited by a polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 rich diet. However, Asiatic Indians still having a low saturated fatty acids diet, but display high CAD prevalence, agreeing with "thrifty" genotype expression hypotheses. Hispanic populations characterized by multiracial origin exhibit both, high obesity and diabetes prevalence associated with leptin and insulin resistance plus hyperinsulinemia, conditions that apparently precedes high blood pressure. North American Pima Indians show the world highest type 2 diabetes mellitus prevalence, apparently related to PPP1R3 gene, TNF-alpha and IL-6 high levels, sedentary life style and changes in diet composition and caloric density.
Neuroprotective Effects of Diets Containing Olive Oil and DHA/EPA in a Mouse Model of Cerebral Ischemia; Stroke is one of the leading causes of death worldwide and while there is increasing evidence that a Mediterranean diet might decrease the risk of a stroke, the effects of dietary fat composition on stroke outcomes have not been fully explored. We hypothesize that the brain damage provoked by a stroke would be different depending on the source of dietary fat. To test this, male C57BL/6J mice were fed for 4 weeks with a standard low-fat diet (LFD), a high-fat diet (HFD) rich in saturated fatty acids (HFD-SFA), an HFD containing monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) from olive oil (HFD-OO), or an HFD containing MUFAs from olive oil plus polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) docosahexaenoic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid (DHA/EPA) (HFD-OO-3). These mice were then subjected to transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAo). Behavioural tests and histological analyses were performed 24 and/or 48 h after tMCAo in order to elucidate the impact of these diets with different fatty acid profiles on the ischemic lesion and on neurological functions. Mice fed with HFD-OO-3 displayed better histological outcomes after cerebral ischemia than mice that received an HFD-SFA or LFD. Furthermore, PUFA- and MUFA-enriched diets improved the motor function and neurological performance of ischemic mice relative to those fed with an LFD or HFD-SFA. These findings support the use of DHA/EPA-omega-3-fatty acid supplementation and olive oil as dietary source of MUFAs in order to reduce the damage and protect the brain when a stroke occurs.
Responses to a GP survey: current controversies in diet and cardiovascular disease; Background: When advising patients on diet and health, the general practitioner (GP) makes judgements based on the evidence available. Since current evidence on diet and cardiovascular disease is conflicted and confusing, we surveyed the current consensus amongst GPs. The aim of this study was to determine the views of GPs on dietary saturated fat, carbohydrates and long chain omega-3 fatty acids in the management of cardiovascular disease.
FISH OIL MODIFIES LIPIDS AND REDUCES PLATELET AGGREGABILITY IN HEMODIALYSIS-PATIENTS; Haemodialysis patients have an exceptionally high incidence of death from cardiovascular causes, related in part to abnormalities of lipids and platelets. Eskimos, however, have a low incidence of myocardial infarction and have a high dietary intake of fish, rich in .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. We have, therefore, studied the effect of a fish oil MaxEPA, containing 3.6 g of the .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid on lipids and platelet function in haemodialysis patients. Following 8 weeks of therapy there was a 35% fall in triglycerides, a 10% rise of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, a 36% rise of HDL2 cholesterol fraction and a 54% rise of the HDL2:HDL3 cholesterol ratio. The platelet aggregation to adenosine diphosphate and collagen was significantly reduced. The activated whole-blood clotting time was prolonged from 141 to 153 s, and 69% of patients showed a reduction of factor VIII related antigen which is usually elevated in haemodialysis patients and is thought to be a marker of endothelial damage. The blood pressure fell down from 147/82 to 124/74. We have thus shown that a dietary supplement of eicosapentaenoic acid potentially beneficial effects on lipids, platelets, and blood pressure and may help to protect against atheroma and thus cardiovascular mortality in high-risk haemodialysis patients.
Clinical Advances in Immunonutrition and Atherosclerosis: A Review; Atherosclerosis is a chronic low-grade inflammatory disease that affects large and medium-sized arteries and is considered to be a major underlying cause of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The high risk of mortality by atherosclerosis has led to the development of new strategies for disease prevention and management, including immunonutrition. Plant-based dietary patterns, functional foods, dietary supplements, and bioactive compounds such as the Mediterranean Diet, berries, polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega-3 and omega-6, vitamins E, A, C, and D, coenzyme Q10, as well as phytochemicals including isoflavones, stilbenes, and sterols have been associated with improvement in atheroma plaque at an inflammatory level. However, many of these correlations have been obtained in vitro and in experimental animals' models. On one hand, the present review focuses on the evidence obtained from epidemiological, dietary intervention and supplementation studies in humans supporting the role of immunonutrient supplementation and its effect on anti-inflammatory response in atherosclerotic disease. On the other hand, this review also analyzes the possible molecular mechanisms underlying the protective action of these supplements, which may lead a novel therapeutic approach to prevent or attenuate diet-related disease, such as atherosclerosis.
Medium chain unsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters inhibit persister formation of <i>Escherichia coli</i> via antitoxin HipB; Persisters represent a small bacterial population that is dormant and that survives under antibiotic treatment without experiencing genetic adaptation. Persisters are also considered one of the major reasons for recalcitrant chronic bacterial infections. Although several mechanisms of persister formation have been proposed, it is not clear how cells enter the dormant state in the presence of antibiotics or how persister cell formation can be effectively controlled. A fatty acid compound, cis-2-decenoic acid, was reported to decrease persister formation as well as revert the dormant cells to a metabolically active state. We reasoned that some fatty acid compounds may be effective in controlling bacterial persistence because they are known to benefit host immune systems. This study investigated persister cell formation by pathogens that were exposed to nine fatty acid compounds during antibiotic treatment. We found that three medium chain unsaturated fatty acid ethyl esters (ethyl trans-2-decenoate, ethyl trans-2-octenoate, and ethyl cis-4-decenoate) decreased the level of Escherichia coli persister formation up to 110-fold when cells were exposed to ciprofloxacin or ampicillin antibiotics. RNA sequencing analysis and gene deletion persister studies elucidated that these fatty acids inhibit bacterial persistence by regulating antitoxin HipB. A similar persister cell reduction was observed for pathogenic E. coli EDL933, Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1, and Serratia marcescens ICU2-4 strains. This study demonstrates that fatty acid ethyl esters can be used to disrupt bacterial dormancy to combat persistent infectious diseases.
Cardiac (n-3) non-esterified fatty acids are selectively increased in fish oil-fed pigs following myocardial ischemia; The effect of fish oil supplementation on the nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentration, and composition in the normoxic and hypoxic myocardium of pigs was examined. Two groups of female pigs (n = 7) were fed a diet supplemented with either 5 g beef tallow/kg (as control) or 5 g fish oil/kg (MaxEPA) rich in (0-3) fatty acids. After 6 wk of supplementation, the pigs were anesthetized; hearts exposed by thoracotomy followed by occlusion of the left anterior descending artery. Normoxic and hypoxic regions of the heart were examined for; NEFA concentration and composition by using a combination of thin layer and gas chromatography. Nonesterified (n-6) and (n-3) fatty acid concentration and composition differed significantly between the two groups in both the normoxic and hypoxic areas of the heart. Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid concentration in the NEFA fraction of the normoxic myocardium were higher in the fish oil group than in the beef tallow group (P < 0.001). In the fish oil-fed pigs, the (0-3) NEFA concentration was significantly higher in the hypoxic compared to the normoxic region of the heart. The fish oil-fed group had lower levels of arachidonic acid in the NEFA fraction compared to the beef tallow-fed group, whereas the hypoxic myocardium had higher levels of arachidonic acid, regardless of the dietary fat supplementation. Despite large differences in the proportions of saturated fatty acids in the experimental diets, there was little or no difference in the saturated fatty acid content of cardiac phospholipid and NEFA fractions. Following myocardial ischemia, (n-3) fatty acids in the NEFA fractions were selectively increased in the fish oil-fed pigs, implicating the possible role of nonesterified (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention of arrhythmias.
Impact of 12-week exercise program on biomarkers of gut barrier integrity in patients with coronary artery disease; Introduction
Associations of the serum long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and hair mercury with resting heart rate, peak heart rate during exercise and heart rate recovery after exercise in middle-aged men; Long-chain n-3 PUFA from fish have been associated with lower risk of CVD. Fish may also contain methylmercury, which may attenuate the inverse associations of the long-chain n-3 PUFA. However, the mechanisms underlying these associations are not fully known. We evaluated the associations of the serum long-chain n-3 PUFA (EPA, DPA and DHA) and hair Hg with resting heart rate (HR), peak HR during cycle ergometer exercise and HR recovery after exercise. A total of 1008 men from the population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD, were studied. After multivariate-adjustments in ANCOVA, higher serum total long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration was associated with lower resting HR (extreme-quartile difference 2.2 beats/min; 95 % CI 0.2, 4.1, P-trend across quartiles = 0.02), but not with peak HR or HR recovery. Associations were generally similar when EPA, DPA and DHA were evaluated individually, except for DPA, which was also associated with better HR recovery after exercise (extreme-quartile difference 2.1 beats/min; 95 % CI 0.1, 4.2, P-trend=0.06). Higher hair Hg content had a trend towards lower peak HR after adjusting for the long-chain n-3 PUFA (P-trend=0.05), but it only slightly attenuated the associations of the serum long-chain n-3 PUFA with HR. These findings suggest that higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentrations are associated with lower resting HR in middle-aged men from Eastern Finland, which may partially explain the potential cardioprotective effect of fish intake.
Tolerance of Broilers to Dietary Supplementation with High Levels of the DHA-Rich Microalga, <i>Aurantiochytrium Limacinum</i>: Effects on Health and Productivity; Simple Summary Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 fatty acid that is considered an essential part of the human diet. Increasing the amount of DHA in commonly consumed foodstuffs can benefit people predisposed to heart problems, depression, and even some forms of cancer. One of the best sources of DHA is oily fish, but the majority of people do not eat fish regularly. By formulating diets for livestock or poultry to include ingredients rich in omega-3 fatty acids, we can increase the omega-3 content of their respective meat and tissues. In this study we fed broilers diets supplemented with increasing amounts of a DHA-rich microalgae to investigate whether it was safe for the birds, in terms of their health and productivity and effective in terms of DHA transfer from feed to meat. The results of the present study showed that feeding the microalgae to chickens had no negative effects on their health in terms of their level of survival or growth. Moreover, we found that supplementing the microalgae resulted in a large increase in the DHA content of meat. This study demonstrated that feeding algae is a safe and effective way to improve the nutritional value of chicken meat.
Effects of Lipid-Lowering Drugs on Adiponectin; Adiponectin has been implicated in the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease. We review the literature describing the effect of lipid-lowering agents on adiponectin bioavailability. Statins exert variable effects that can be influenced by patient-dependent characteristics (i.e. diabetes or insulin resistance). Fibrates and especially niacin can raise adiponectin levels. The impact of plant sterols, ezetimibe and omega-3 fish oils on adiponectin in humans remains to be defined. There was no literature on whether resins can alter adiponectin levels.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in emerging psychosis: a safer alternative?; Aim: A promising approach of indicated prevention in individuals at increased risk of psychosis was based on the finding of potential neuro-protective properties of omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Considering the rising interest in omega-3 PUFA supplementation as preventive treatment strategy in young people at risk of psychosis, the question of safety issues must be addressed.
SYNDROME OF ALLERGY, APRAXIA, AND MALABSORPTION: CHARACTERIZATION OF A NEURODEVELOPMENTAL PHENOTYPE THAT RESPONDS TO OMEGA 3 AND VITAMIN E SUPPLEMENTATION; Objective . Verbal apraxia is a neurologically based motor planning speech disorder of unknown etiology common in autism spectrum disorders. Vitamin E deficiency causes symptoms that overlap those of verbal apraxia. Polyunsaturated fatty acids in the cell membrane are vulnerable to lipid peroxidation and early destruction if vitamin E is not readily available, potentially leading to neurological sequelae. Inflammation of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract and malabsorption of nutrients such as vitamin E and carnitine may contribute to neurological abnormalities. The goal of this investigation was to characterize symptoms and metabolic anomalies of a subset of children with verbal apraxia who may respond to nutritional interventions.
Producing high-oleic acid beef and the impact of ground beef consumption on risk factors for cardiovascular disease: A review; This review summarizes the effects of high-oleic acid oil and high-oleic acid ground beef interventions on risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in human trials, and also summarizes studies designed to increase the amount of oleic acid (18:1n-9) in beef. In three human trials, high-oleic acid oils and high-oleic acid ground beef increased plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol - over baseline values or over high-carbohydrate diets. Neither low-oleic acid nor high-oleic acid ground beef increased risk factors for CVD, confirming earlier studies that used high-oleic acid oils. High-oleic acid beef can be obtained from cattle fed a corn-based finishing diet to USDA Grade of USDA Choice or greater; from beef from cattle with Japanese genetics; and from the brisket. Beef from grass-fed cattle contains more n-3 fatty acids than beef from conventionally-fed cattle, but also contains greater amounts of saturated and trans-fatty acids.
Long non-coding RNA KB-1460A1.5 promotes ferroptosis by inhibiting mTOR/SREBP-1/SCD1-mediated polyunsaturated fatty acid desaturation in glioma; Ferroptosis is a new form of regulated cell death caused by the iron-dependent peroxidation of phospholipids and is related to cell metabolism, redox homeostasis and various signalling pathways related to cancer. The long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) KB-1460A1.5 acts as a tumour suppressor gene to regulate tumour growth in gliomas, but its molecular network regulatory mechanism is still unclear. In this study, we found that KB-1460A1.5 can induce ferroptosis in glioma and enhance sensitivity to RSL3, a ferroptosis inducer. Tandem mass tag proteomics and nontargeted metabolomics suggest that KB-1460A1.5 affects polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolic processes. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry-based medium- and long-chain fatty acid-targeted metabolomics confirmed that upregulation of KB-1460A1.5 decreased the levels of monounsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid (OA) and palmitoleic acid (PO) in glioma cells. The addition of OA and PO restored KB-1460A1.5-induced cellular ferroptosis. Molecularly, KB-1460A1.5 inhibited the mammalian target of rapamycin signalling pathway to suppress the expression of downstream sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 (SREBP-1), thereby attenuating the stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1)-mediated desaturation of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Finally, an animal model of subcutaneous glioma confirmed that KB-1460A1.5 could inhibit tumour progression, SREBP-1/SCD1 expression and ferroptosis. In conclusion, increasing the expression level of KB-1460A1.5 in glioma can promote the induction of oxidative stress and ferroptosis in cancer cells through SREBP-1/SCD1-mediated adipogenesis, demonstrating therapeutic potential in preclinical models.
Long-chain (n-3) fatty acid intake and risk of cancers of the breast and the prostate: Recent epidemiological studies, biological mechanisms, and directions for future research; The association between dietary (n-3) fatty acids and hormone-responsive cancers continues to attract considerable attention in epidemiological, clinical, and experimental studies. We previously reviewed the epidemiological literature on the association between hormone-responsive cancers and the long-chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. We concluded that the compelling evidence from ecological studies, animal models, and mechanistic experiments in vitro was not supported clearly by the available epidemiological data. To various degrees, epidemiological studies published more recently attempted to address some of the methodological limitations plaguing earlier studies by using validated questionnaires, examining specific fatty acids and their interrelationships, and adjusting estimates for a wider range of potentially confounding factors than in previous studies. In this review, our aim was to update the previous review with the results of recent epidemiological studies and to discuss possible biological mechanisms and directions for future research.
Effect of palm oil consumption on plasma lipid concentrations related to cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Objectives: The precise association between palm oil consumption and lipid-related cardiovascular disease risk remains unclear. A systematic review was thus performed to assess whether palm oil consumption has a negative effect on plasma lipid-related cardiovascular disease marker levels. Methods and Study Design: In June 2018, the electronic bibliographic databases PubMed, EMBASE (Ovid), the Cochrane Library (Ovid) and the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure were searched and a total of 11 eligible dietary intervention articles involving 961 volunteers were selected. Both random and fixed effect models were used to calculate pooled weighted mean differences (WMD). Results: A total of 11 articles involving 547 participants met the inclusion criteria. The pooled analysis revealed that palm oil increased the concentration of High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (WMD: 0.15 mmol/L; p<0.00001). Palm oil consumption had no significant effects on blood total cholesterol (WMD: -0.01 mmol/L; p=0.82) and LDL-c (WMD: -0.05mmol/L; p=0.10) and triglyceride concentrations (WMD: 0.00 mmol/L; p=0.96), relative to the effects of unsaturated fatty acid consumption. Subgroup analyses revealed that palm oil has a beneficial effect on High-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels when more than 30% of total dietary energy was constituted by fat. Conclusions: This review revealed that palm oil does not induce increases in cardiovascular disease risk risk-related biomarkers relative to unsaturated fatty acids. Furthermore, larger-scale samples of human dietary intervention trials are required to increase the accuracy of meta-analyses.
Immunonutritional Support in Lung Cancer Treatment; Depending on the size of the tumour, metastasis status and the treatment method applied in lung cancer, the patient's appetite status and the use of nutrients in the body are adversely affected. Thus, the risk of developing conditions like malnutrition and sarcopenia increases. The response to treatment, quality of life and su rvival of the patient whose nutritional status is deteriorated are also adversely affected. In lung cancer patients, it is targeted to strengthen their immune system and antioxidant defence mechanisms and reduce inflammation with immunonutritional support. This review aimed to explain the role of glutamine, arginine, omega-3 fatty acids and RNA nucleotides, which are frequently used as immunonutritional support in medical nutrition treatment in lung cancer.
Clinical Trial: Marine Lipid Suppositories as Laxatives; Cod-liver oil and other marine products containing polyunsaturated fatty acids have anti-inflammatory, anti-bacterial and anti-viral effects and may be useful in the treatment of various inflammatory and infectious diseases. We developed suppositories and ointment with 30% free fatty acid (FFA) extract from omega-3 fish oil. Our purpose was to evaluate the safety of marine lipid suppositories and ointment in healthy volunteers and to explore the laxative effect of the suppositories. Thirty healthy volunteers were randomized either to a study group administrating 30% FFA suppositories and applying 30% FFA ointment to the perianal region twice per day for two weeks, or to a control group using placebo suppositories and ointment in a double blinded manner. Results: No serious toxic effects or irritation were observed. In the study group 93% felt the urge to defecate after administration of the suppositories as compared to 37% in the control group (P = 0.001). Subsequently 90% in the study group defecated, compared to 33% in the control group (P = 0.001). Conclusion: The marine lipid suppositories and ointment were well tolerated with no significant toxic side effects observed during the study period. The suppositories have a distinct laxative effect and we aim to explore this effect in further clinical trials.
Gene polymorphisms of desaturase enzymes of polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and adiponutrin and the increased risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered to be the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). Adiponutrin gene polymorphisms have been associated with NAFLD worldwide. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been studied to have anti-inflammatory effects and plasma lipid lowering properties. PUFAs are endogenously synthesized with the help of delta-6-desaturase and delta-5-desaturase enzymes. They are encoded by FADS2 and FADS1 genes respectively. Polymorphisms in FADS genes have been implicated in diseases associated with the MetS like acute coronary syndrome and coronary artery disease. This is the first study aimed at investigating the association of FADS gene polymorphisms with NAFLD. Additionally, we confirm the association of adiponutrin gene polymorphism with NAFLD in Asian Indians. Single nucleotide polymorphisms of FADS2 rs3834458 and rs66698963, FADS1 rs174547 and adiponutrin gene rs738409 were analyzed. Two hundred and thirty patients were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. Logistic regression was carried out to determine the association of genotypes with disease status after adjusting for confounding variables. It was observed that T/del, del/del genotypes of rs383445; I/D, D/D genotypes of rs66698963 and C/C, C/G genotypes of rs738409 were significantly associated with NAFLD. After adjusting for confounders, rs3834458 T/del and G/G minor allele carriers of rs738409 were found to increase the risk of NAFLD significantly. In conclusion, this study showed a novel association of FADS2 gene polymorphisms with NAFLD. It also verified the previously established association of rs738409 polymorphism with NAFLD. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Linolenic acid prevents neuronal cell death and paraplegia after transient spinal cord ischemia in rats; Purpose: Spinal cord ischemia is a devastating complication of thoracic and thoracoabdominal aortic surgery. Recent studies have suggested a neuroprotective effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids against cerebral ischemia. We investigated the effect of linolenic acid (LIN) in a rat model of spinal cord ischemia.
DHA-rich fish oil plays a protective role against experimental cerebral malaria by controlling inflammatory and mechanical events from infection; Every year, thousands of children, particularly those under 5 years old, die because of cerebral malaria (CM). Following conventional treatment, approximately 25% of surviving individuals have lifelong severe neurocognitive sequelae. Therefore, improved conventional therapies or effective alternative therapies that prevent the severe infection are crucial. Omega -3 ( O-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are known to have antioxidative and antiinflammatory effects and protect against diverse neurological disorders, including Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. However, little is known regarding the effects of O-3 PUFAs against parasitic infections. In this study, C57BL/6 mice received supplemental treatment of a fish oil rich in the O-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which was started 15 days prior to infection with Plasmodium berghei ANKA and was maintained until the end of the study. Animals treated with the highest doses of DHA, 3.0 and 6.0 g/kg body weight, had 60 and 80% chance of survival, respectively, while all nontreated mice died by the 7th day postinfection due to CM. Furthermore, the parasite load during the critical period for CM development (5th to 11th day postinfection) was controlled in treated mice. However, after this period all animals developed high levels of parasitemia until the 20th day of infection. DHA treatment also effectively reduced blood -brain barrier (BBB) damage and brain edema and completely prevented brain hemorrhage and vascular occlusion. A strong anti-inflammatory profile was observed in the brains of DHA-treated mice, as well as, an increased number of neutrophil and reduced number of CD8+ T leukocytes in the spleen. Thus, this is the first study to demonstrate that the prophylactic use of DHA-rich fish oil exerts protective effects against experimental CM, reducing the mechanical and immunological events caused by the P. berghei ANKA infection. (c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Inpatient outcomes of preterm infants receiving ω-3 enriched lipid emulsion (SMOFlipid): an observational study; Neonatal units have started to switch from using conventional soy-based to alternate lipid emulsions, like SMOFlipid. SMOFlipid has been associated with an improvement in biochemical parameters and delays progression of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease (PNALD). This retrospective epoch study aimed to compare clinically relevant neonatal outcomes in preterm infants (< 32 weeks), receiving SMOFlipid versus Intralipid. We compared clinical outcomes in two epochs-epoch 1 (Intralipid, October 2013-June 2015) versus epoch 2 (SMOFlipid, July 2015-March 2017). Primary outcome studied was mortality and rates of severe neonatal morbidities. Univariate and multivariate regression was conducted to determine risk for mortality and PNALD. A total of 222 infants (epoch 1, 123 versus epoch 2, 99) were included in the study. A higher incidence of late onset sepsis (56 versus 30%, p < 0.005) was observed in epoch 1. There was no significant difference in mortality or rates of any other severe neonatal morbidity. The type of lipid emulsion did not have a significant effect on mortality or PNALD on regression analysis.
Adipose Tissue Macrophages and Atherogenesis - A Synergy With Cholesterolaemia; Excessive LDL cholesterol concentration together with subclinical inflammation, in which macrophages play a central role, are linked pathologies. The process starts with the accumulation of macrophages in white adipose tissue and the switch of their polarization toward a pro-inflammatory phenotype. The proportion of pro-inflammatory macrophages in adipose tissue is related to the main risk predictors of cardiovascular disease. The cholesterol content of phospholipids of cell membranes seems to possess a crucial role in the regulation of membrane signal transduction and macrophage polarization. Also, different fatty acids of membrane phospholipids influence phenotypes of adipose tissue macrophages with saturated fatty acids stimulating pro-inflammatory whereas omega 3 fatty acids anti-inflammatory changes. The inflammatory status of white adipose tissue, therefore, reflects not only adipose tissue volume but also adipose tissue macrophages feature. The beneficial dietary change leading to an atherogenic lipoprotein decrease may therefore synergically reduce adipose tissue driven inflammation.
Immunonutrition, Metabolism, and Programmed Cell Death in Lung Cancer: Translating Bench to Bedside; Simple Summary Lung cancer presents significant therapeutic challenges, driving the exploration of novel treatment strategies. Programmed cell death (PCD) mechanisms, including apoptosis, autophagy, and programmed necrosis, are crucial in lung cancer pathogenesis and treatment response. Dysregulation of these pathways contributes to tumor progression and therapy resistance. Immunonutrition, using specific nutrients to modulate immune function, and metabolic reprogramming, a hallmark of cancer cells, offer promising intervention avenues. Nutritional interventions, such as omega-3 fatty acids, modulate PCD pathways in cancer cells, while targeting metabolic pathways implicated in apoptosis regulation presents a compelling therapeutic approach. Clinical evidence supports the role of immunonutritional interventions, including omega-3 fatty acids, in enhancing PCD and improving treatment outcomes in lung cancer patients. Additionally, synthetic analogues of natural compounds, like resveratrol, show promising anticancer properties by modulating apoptotic signaling pathways. This review highlights the convergence of immunonutrition, metabolism, and PCD pathways in lung cancer biology, emphasizing the potential for therapeutic exploration. Further elucidation of the specific molecular mechanisms governing these interactions is crucial for translating these findings into clinical practice and enhancing lung cancer management.Abstract Lung cancer presents significant therapeutic challenges, motivating the exploration of novel treatment strategies. Programmed cell death (PCD) mechanisms, encompassing apoptosis, autophagy, and programmed necrosis, are pivotal in lung cancer pathogenesis and the treatment response. Dysregulation of these pathways contributes to tumor progression and therapy resistance. Immunonutrition, employing specific nutrients to modulate immune function, and metabolic reprogramming, a hallmark of cancer cells, offer promising avenues for intervention. Nutritional interventions, such as omega-3 fatty acids, exert modulatory effects on PCD pathways in cancer cells, while targeting metabolic pathways implicated in apoptosis regulation represents a compelling therapeutic approach. Clinical evidence supports the role of immunonutritional interventions, including omega-3 fatty acids, in augmenting PCD and enhancing treatment outcomes in patients with lung cancer. Furthermore, synthetic analogs of natural compounds, such as resveratrol, demonstrate promising anticancer properties by modulating apoptotic signaling pathways. This review underscores the convergence of immunonutrition, metabolism, and PCD pathways in lung cancer biology, emphasizing the potential for therapeutic exploration in this complex disease. Further elucidation of the specific molecular mechanisms governing these interactions is imperative for translating these findings into clinical practice and improving lung cancer management.
Dietary fats and mortality among patients with type 2 diabetes: analysis in two population based cohort studies; OBJECTIVE
Dietary seed oil rich in conjugated linolenic acid from bitter melon inhibits azoxymethane-induced rat colon carcinogenesis through elevation of colonic PPARγ expression and alteration of lipid composition; Our previous short-term experiment demonstrated that seed oil from bitter melon (Momordica charantia) (BMO), which is rich in cis(c)9, trans(t)11, t13-conjugated linolenic acid (CLN), inhibited the development of azoxymethane (AOM)-induced colonic aberrant crypt foci (ACF). In our study, the possible inhibitory effect of dietary administration of BMO on the development of colonic neoplasms was investigated using an animal colon carcinogenesis model initiated with a colon carcinogen AOM. Male F344 rats were given subcutaneous injections of AOM (20 mg/kg body weight) once a week for 2 weeks to induce colon neoplasms. They also received diets containing 0.01%, 0.1% or 1% BMO for 32 weeks, starting 1 week before the first dosing of AOM. At the termination of the study (32 weeks), AOM induced 83% incidence (15/18 rats) of colonic adenocarcinoma. Dietary supplementation with 0.01% and 0.1% BMO caused significant reduction in the incidence (47% inhibition by 0.01% BMO, p<0.02; 40% inhibition by 0.1% BMO, p<0.05; and 17% inhibition by 1% BMO) and the multiplicity (64% inhibition by 0.01% BMO, p<0.005; 58% inhibition by 0.1% BMO, p<0.02; and 48% inhibition by 1% BMO, p<0.05) of colonic adenocarcinoma, though a clear dose response was not observed. Such inhibition was associated with the increased content of CLA (c9,t11-18:2)in the lipid composition in colonic mucosa and liver. Also, BMO administration in diet enhanced expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma protein in the non-lesional colonic mucosa. These findings suggest that BMO rich in CLN can suppress AOM-induced colon carcinogenesis and the inhibition might be caused, in part, by modification of lipid composition in the colon and liver and/or increased expression of PPARgamma protein level in the colon mucosa. (C) 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Possible beneficial effect of fish and fish <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in breast and colorectal cancer; Breast and colorectal cancer are main causes of death in industrialized countries, In these cancers dietary factors appear to play beneficial or adverse roles. One of the possible beneficial factors may be fish intake or the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish, as found in epidemiological and clinical studies. In population studies, high intake of fish during many years is associated with reduced risks of breast and colorectal cancer. Prospective and case-control studies either do not shaw an association between fish intake and cancer risks or show reduced risks at high fish intakes. In these studies, fish consumption may have been too low or may not reflect fish consumption over a longer period. In population, case-control, and prospective studies, fish and fish n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids were not found to increase cancer risks. Clinical studies on markers of colorectal cancer indicate that fish n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may reduce cancer risk In several studies in which the effect of fish consumption on cancer risk was investigated, meat and meat products were positively related to cancer risk, suggesting that cancer risks might be reduced more effectively when meat and meat products in meals are replaced by fish. In conclusion, the existing knowledge suggests that an increase in the consumption of fish and fish n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in industrialized countries may contribute to lower breast and colorectal cancer risks, (C) 1999 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Meta-analysis of intramuscular fatty acid composition of Mediterranean lambs; The aim of this work was to study the intramuscular fatty acid profile of Mediterranean lambs using a meta-analysis. The database was created from five journal articles and one doctoral dissertation, and included lambs of the Talaverana, Comisana, Churra Tensina, Merino Branco and Pramenka breeds. All analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis and R statistical software. According to the overall pooled result, lambs of Mediterranean breeds included in our meta-analysis had 22.85% of palmitic (C16:0), 14.78% of stearic (C18:0) and 5.32% of myristic acid (C14:0). The overall pooled result for oleic acid (C18:1) was 32.53 %, and it was 5.60% for linoleic acid (C18:2 n-6) and 1.95% for alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 n-3). Regardless of the proportions of the main fatty acids, Mediterranean lambs had 47.85% of SFA (saturated fatty acid), 37.87% of MUFA (monounsaturated fatty acid) and 11.50% of PUFA (polyunsaturated fatty acid). The overall pooled result for the PUFA / SFA ratio was 0.23, and it was 2.22 for the n-6 / n-3 ratio. The results of our meta-analysis enabled us to gain an important scientific insight into the lipid profile of intramuscular fat in Mediterranean lambs. A systematic combination of quantitative data from several carefully selected studies provided estimates of greater statistical power and enabled a more truthful comparison of results originating from different independent studies than any previously published research on this issue.
Comparison of nonfasting and fasting lipoprotein subfractions and size in 15,397 apparently healthy individuals: An analysis from the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL; BACKGROUND: Elevated postprandial triglycerides reflect a proatherogenic milieu, but underlying mechanisms are unclear.
Screen-detected atrial fibrillation and 'micro-atrial fibrillation' and risk of cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction in elderly patients; Background: Incident atrial fibrillation (AF) occurs in 5-10% of patients after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and is associated with adverse outcomes. Guidelines now recommend screening for AF in all elderly patients. However, the relevance of screen-detected AF and short episodes of irregular supraventricular ectopic beats ('micro-AF') after AMI is unknown.Objectives: To investigate the value of two-week intermittent ECG screening to detect incident AF and 'micro-AF' in elderly patients 12 months after an AMI, and its association with risk of cardiovascular events.Methods: This was an investigator-initiated, multicenter substudy of the OMega-3 fatty acids in Elderly patients with Myocardial Infarction (OMEMI) trial, in Norway. Women and men aged 70-82 years, with a recent AMI, were recruited during 2012-2018. All participants had a 12-lead ECG performed at 3, 12 and 24 months. Patients without AF one year after the index AMI underwent 2 weeks of intermittent 30-second 'thumb ECG' screening. Incident AF and 'micro-AF' (episodes of >= 3 consecutive irregular supraventricular ectopic beats) were registered, and the association with risk of major cardiovascular events (MACE; non-fatal AMI, stroke, coronary revascularization, hospitalization for heart failure, or all-cause death) was analyzed with logistic regression. Results: Among 1014 patients (198 (28.7%) women), 255 (25.1%) had known AF or AF identified at baseline. New-onset AF was detected clinically or at study visits in 39 (3.8%) patients. By screening participants without AF (n=567), unknown AF was identified in 4 (0.7%) and 'micro-AF' in 27 (4.8%) patients. Among 43 patients with incident AF, 21 (48.8%) experienced a MACE, which was significantly higher than those without AF (n=114, 15.9%; p<0.001), driven by a higher risk of AMI or revascularization. Nine (33.3%) patients with 'micro-AF' and 75 (13.9%) without 'micro-AF' experienced a MACE (p=0.002), explained mostly by a higher risk of heart failure hospitalization (p<0.001). Using patients without AF and 'micro-AF' as reference, 'micro-AF' was associated with an intermediate risk of MACE (OR 2.8; 95% CI 1.2-6.4) and new-onset AF with a high risk of MACE (OR 5.3; 95% CI 2.8-10.0).Conclusions: Two-week intermittent ECG screening identified few cases of new-onset AF, but a substantial number of patients with 'micro-AF'. 'Micro-AF' was associated with an increased risk of major cardiovascular events, albeit with an intermediate risk compared to those with new-onset AF.
Dietary intake of n-3, n-6 fatty acids and fish: Relationship with hostility in young adults - the CARDIA study; Background: Hostility has been shown to predict both the development and manifestation of coronary disease. Examining the inter-relation of dietary intake of fish and of polyunsaturated (n-3 and n-6) essential fatty acids with hostility may provide additional insights into the cardioprotective effect of dietary fish and polyunsaturated fatty acids.
The Short Overview on the Relevance of Fatty Acids for Human Cardiovascular Disorders; This review presents existing evidence of the influence of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Data are discussed regarding the roles of the most relevant fatty acids, such as myristic (C14:0), palmitic (C16:0), stearic (C18:0), palmitoleic (C16:1), oleic (C18:1), linoleic (C18:2), alpha-linolenic (C18:3, omega-3),gamma-linolenic (C18:3, omega-6), arachidonic (C20:4), eicosapentaenoic (C20:5), docosahexaenoic (C22:6), and docosapentaenoic (C22:5) acid. The accumulated knowledge has expanded the understanding of the involvement of fatty acids in metabolic processes, thereby enabling the transition from basic exploratory studies to practical issues of application of these biomolecules to CVD treatment. In the future, these findings are expected to facilitate the interpretation and prognosis of changes in metabolic lipid aberrations in CVD.
Neuroprotective Effect of Stearidonic Acid on Amyloid β-Induced Neurotoxicity in Rat Hippocampal Cells; Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids found in fish has been reported to reduce the risk of Alzheimer's Disease (AD). Stearidonic acid (SDA), a plant-based omega-3 fatty acid, has been targeted as a potential surrogate for fish-based fatty acids. However, its role in neuronal degeneration is unknown. This study was designed to evaluate effects of SDA on Amyloid-beta(A-beta)-induced neurotoxicity in rat hippocampal cells. Results showed that SDA effectively converted to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in hippocampal cells. A beta-induced apoptosis in H19-7 cells was protected by SDA pretreatment as evidenced by its regulation on the expression of relevant pro- and anti-apoptotic genes, as well as the inhibition on caspase activation. SDA also protected H19-7 cells from A beta-induced oxidative stress by regulating the expression of relevant pro- and anti-oxidative genes, as well as the improvement in activity of catalase. As for A beta/LPS-induced neuronal inflammation, SDA pretreatment reduced the release of IL-1 beta and TNF alpha. Further, we found that the anti-A beta effect of SDA involves its inhibition on the expression of amyloid precursor protein and the regulation on MAPK signaling. These results demonstrated that SDAs have neuroprotective effect in A beta-induced H19-7 hippocampal cells. This beneficial effect of SDA was attributed to its antiapoptotic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory properties.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D Levels and the Risk of Stroke A Prospective Study and Meta-analysis; Background and Purpose-Despite evidence suggesting that vitamin D deficiency may lead to elevated cardiovascular disease risk, results regarding the association of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH] D) levels with stroke risk are inconclusive. We aimed to examine this association in a prospective study in women and to summarize all existing data in a meta-analysis.
Effect of enteral diet enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants in patients with sepsis-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome; Background: In this study, the effects of an enteral diet enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), and antioxidants were compared with a standard enteral diet in critically ill patients with sepsis-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS).
A Novel, Multi-ingredient Supplement to Manage Elevated Blood Lipids in Patients With No Evidence of Cardiovascular Disease: A Pilot Study; Context Recent changes in usage guidelines have created the potential for millions more Americans to be prescribed statin medications. Caution should be advised because the risk of adverse effects of statins may outweigh their benefits and preclude their preventive use for patients without confirmed cardiovascular disease (CVD) who present with elevated blood lipids. However, statins have shown some benefit in primary CVD prevention. Red yeast rice (RYR) is a dietary supplement that has been demonstrated to reduce low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in blood and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to reduce blood levels of triglycerides (TGs). Although effective, quality control issues aggravate risk of adverse effects for both of these supplements. Furthermore, low dosages per capsule, which require patients to manage and consume many capsules per day, also may reduce patient compliance to supplementation regimens.
Supplementary nutrients for prevention of vascular calcification in patients with chronic kidney disease; Vascular calcification (VC) and malnutrition associated with cardiovascular disease are common in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) treated with dialysis. VC, which reflects vascular aging, and malnutrition are also encountered in the non-CKD elderly population. This similarity of clinical findings suggests that the progression of CKD is related to aging and the existence of a causal relationship between VC and malnutrition. To retard renal progression, a low- or very-low-protein diet is usually recommended for CKD patients. Dietary education may induce malnutrition and deficiency of important nutrients, such as vitamins K and D. Menaquinone-7, a type of vitamin K-2, is under investigation for inhibiting VC in elderly patients without CKD, as well as for prevention of VC in patients with CKD. Nutritional vitamin D, such as cholecalciferol, may be considered to decrease the required dose of active vitamin D, which increases the risk of VC due to increased calcium and phosphate loads. Omega-3 fatty acids are important nutrients and their ability to inhibit VC needs to be evaluated in clinical trials. This review focuses on the ability of supplementary nutrients to prevent VC in patients with CKD, in whom dietary restriction is essential.
Gender-specific fatty acid profiles in platelet phosphatidyl-choline and -ethanolamine; Previous studies suggested that women synthesise docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) more efficiently from their precursors than men. This study investigated the relationship between diet, platelet phospholipids fatty acids and gender. Dietary intake and platelet phosphatidyl-choline (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) fatty acids were determined in Caucasian 40 men and 34 women. Absolute and %energy intakes of arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and DHA, and the ratios of total n-6/n-3 PUFA and linoleic/alpha-linolenic acids did not differ between the sexes. However, women had higher DHA in PC (1.19 vs 1.05 wt%, p < 0.05) and PE (3.62 vs 3.21 wt%, p < 0.05) than men. Also EPA (1.10 vs 0.93 wt%, p < 0.05) was higher in women's PE. Conversely, men had elevated AA and total n-6 fatty acids in PC. The higher platelet DHA levels and lower platelet AA/EPA and AA/DHA ratios in women of childbearing age compared with men, may lead to less platelet aggregation and vaso-occlusion. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Liver dysfunction and its nutritional implications in heart failure; Heart failure is a multifaceted pathophysiologic syndrome, with prevalent dysfunction of other vital organs and systems. The role of the liver in this disease has been little investigated, although up to 80% of patients with heart failure present with some form of liver dysfunction. In addition to its multiple metabolic functions, the liver has a crucial role in the removal of circulating endotoxins and in regulating immune responses and iron homeostasis. Kupffer cells that constitute 80% to 90% of tissue macrophages in the human body play an important role in this regard. A disturbed microcirculation of the liver may decrease endotoxin clearance and increase the hepatic secretion of proinflammatory cytokines. Such an immune activation may in turn alter the expression of hepcidin in the liver, resulting in iron deficiency. The proinflammatory state also is associated with an augmented free radical formation. However, the antioxidant capacity of the liver seems to be inadequate because there is evidence for selenium deficiency in patients with heart failure. The aim of this article was to summarize the various aspects of liver dysfunction in heart failure and to highlight the role of liver-derived factors in the development of specific nutritional deficiencies. Nutritional strategies opposing these deficiencies might present promising additive treatments of heart failure. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulating <i>Survivin</i> as a Radioresistant Factor, Caspase-3, and Apoptosis by Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid Sensitizes Mutant-<i>p53</i> Colorectal Cancer Cells to γ-Irradiation; Mutant-p53 colorectal cancer (CRC) cells are often resistant to radiotherapy. Loss of suppressor activity of wt-p53 on survivin is responsible for the enhanced expression of survivin as a radioresistant factor in tumor cells. Yet, no survivin-modulating drug has been approved for clinical application in CRC. Thus, the search for safe compounds that modulate survivin expression and induce apoptosis irrespective of p53 status may potentiate the efficacy of radiotherapy in mutant-p53 CRC cells. Omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) induces apoptosis in malignant cells without cytotoxicity in normal cells. However, little is known whether in vitro concentrations of DHA equal to the human plasma levels are able to modulate expression of survivin and sensitize mutant-p53 CRC cells to gamma-irradiation. Radioresistant mutant-p53 HT-29 cells were pretreated with 50- and 100-mu M DHA for 48-h before 2-, 4-, 6-, 8-, and 10-Gy of gamma-irradiation. Thereafter, proliferation rates were measured after 6 d. HT-29 cells were also pretreated with 50- and 100-mu M DHA for 4-h before 2- and 10-Gy of gamma-irradiation after which, cell number, survivin expression, caspase-3 activation, apoptosis, and ED50 (gamma-irradiation dose causing 50% growth inhibition) were evaluated. Pretreatment of HT-29 cells with 50- and 100-mu M DHA for 48-h followed by 2- to 10-Gy of gamma-irradiation induced a dose-dependent additive decrease in cell proliferation rate and ED50 values were decreased by 88%, 44%, 41%, and 27% for 500-, 1500-, 2500-, and 5000 cells per well pretreated with 100-mu M DHA respectively. Pretreatment of 5 x 10(5) HT-29 cells per well with 100-mu M DHA for 4-h followed by 2- or 10-Gy of irradiation resulted in 53% and 86% decreases in cell numbers, 2- and 5.1-fold activation in caspase-3 followed by 66% and 60% decreases in survivin mRNA levels respectively. DHA in combination with radiation increased total apoptotic rate 48-h post-treatment. DHA decreases survivin expression and induces caspase-3 activation irrespective of p53 status. Significant decreases in ED50 values at concentrations of DHA equal to human plasma levels, suggesting that DHA could be used as an attractive radiosensitizer agent in CRC patients with mutant-p53.
Physical and chemical modulation of lipid rafts by a dietary <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid increases ethanol-induced oxidative stress; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been reported to modulate lipid raft-dependent signaling, but not yet lipid raft-dependent oxidative stress. Previously, we have shown that ethanol-induced membrane remodeling, i.e., an increase in membrane fluidity and alterations in physical and biochemical properties of lipid rafts, participated in the development of oxidative stress. Thus, we decided to study n-3 PUFA effects in this context, by pretreating hepatocytes with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a long-chain n-3 PUFA, before addition of ethanol. EPA was found to increase ethanol-induced oxidative stress through membrane remodeling. Addition of EPA resulted in a marked increase in lipid raft aggregation compared to ethanol alone. In addition, membrane fluidity of lipid rafts was markedly enhanced. Interestingly, EPA was found to preferentially incorporate into nonraft membrane regions, leading to raft cholesterol increase. Lipid raft aggregation by EPA enhanced phospholipase translocation into these microdomains. Finally, phospholipase C gamma was shown to participate in the potentiation of oxidative stress by promoting lysosome accumulation, a major source of low-molecular-weight iron. To conclude, the ability of EPA to modify lipid raft physical and chemical properties plays a key role in the enhancement, by this dietary n-3 PUFA, of ethanol-induced oxidative stress. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulating effects of diets high in ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids in initiation and postinitiation stages of diethylnitrosamine-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in rats; The effects of sardine fish oil or corn oil on diethylnitrosamine (DEN)-induced hepatocarcinogenesis were investigated in male F334 rats, Starting at 5 weeks of age, animals mere divided into 11 groups and fed 23.5% corn oil (HCO) (groups 1 and 7) or 5% corn oil (LCO) (groups 1 and 8), 22.5% sardine oil + 1% corn oil (FO) semipurified diet (groups 3 and 9) or basal diet (CE-2) (groups 4-6, 10 and 11). At 6 weeks of age, all animals except the vehicle-treated groups were given DEN (200 mg/kg body weight, i.p. once meekly for 3 weeks). One week after the final exposure ;to DEN, groups 1-3 were changed to the basal diet, and groups 4-6 were snitched to the HCO, LCO or FO diet, respectively. Animals in groups 1-3 and 10 were given drinking water containing 0.05% phenobarbital (PB), Liver sections from the animals at the termination of the experiment (24 weeks) were doubly stained for glutathione S-transferase placental form (GST-P) and silver-stained nucleolar organizer regions (AgNORs). The multiplicity of hepatocellular neoplasms of group 1 was significantly larger than that of group 2 or 3, The number of GST-P-positive foci of group 2 or 3 was significantly smaller than that of group I. Among the groups fed the experimental diets in the postinitiation phase (groups 4-6), no significant difference was found in the incidence of liver tumors, AgNORs values of the enzyme-altered foci in rats of the HCO diet groups were larger than those of the other diet groups. These results indicate that the enhancing effect of a high dose of corn oil in hepatocarcinogenesis is mainly present during the initiation phase but not during postinitiation phase, and fish oil rich in polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids could inhibit DEN-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in rats.
Safety assessment of EPA-rich oil produced from yeast: Results of a 90-day subchronic toxicity study; The safety of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) oil produced from genetically modified Yarrowia lipolytica yeast was evaluated following 90 days of exposure. Groups of rats received 0 (olive oil), 98,488, or 976 mg EPA/kg/day, or GRAS fish oil or deionized water by oral gavage. Rats were evaluated for in-life, neurobehavioral, anatomic and clinical pathology parameters. Lower serum cholesterol (total and non-HDL) was observed in Medium and High EPA and fish oil groups. Lower HDL was observed in High EPA and fish oil males, only at early time points. Liver weights were increased in High EPA and Medium EPA (female only) groups with no associated clinical or microscopic pathology findings. Nasal lesions, attributed to oil in the nasal cavity, were observed in High and Medium EPA and fish oil groups. No other effects were attributed to test oil exposure. Exposure to EPA oil for 90 days produced no effects at 98 mg EPA/kg/day and no adverse effects at doses up to 976 mg EPA/kg/day. The safety profile of EPA oil was comparable to that of GRAS fish oil. These results support the use of EPA oil produced from yeast as a safe source for use in dietary supplements. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Formulation design and pharmacokinetic evaluation of docosahexaenoic acid containing self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery system for oral administration; Docosahexaenoic acid is a omega-3-fatty acid which together with other long-chain omega-3-fatty acid known to have protective effect against various diseases including hypertension, myocardial infarction, Alzheimer disease, and cancers. Poor bioavailability owning to limited aqueous solubility limits its effective therapeutic delivery. Self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems are known to enhance the systemic absorption of poorly bioavailable lipophilic bioactive/therapeutics compounds. The purpose of this work was to investigate the potential of self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems produced by spontaneous nanoemulsification to enhance the oral bioavailability of docosahexaenoic acid. Initially, the screening of oil, surfactant, and cosurfactant was carried out by determining the miscibility and emulsifiability of the component with docosahexaenoic acid. Docosahexaenoic acid-containing self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems were prepared using Capryol 90, Tween 20, and polyethylene glycol 200 due to their excellent miscibility and emulsifiability with docosahexaenoic acid. Docosahexaenoic acid-containing self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems' droplet size, size distribution, and zeta potential were found to be 111.5 +/- 4.2 nm, 0.269 +/- 0.05 nm, and -23.53 +/- 2.9 mV, respectively. The in vitro drug release and ex vivo absorption studies showed better in vitro release and intestinal absorption as compared to docosahexaenoic acid aqueous dispersion. In vivo studies demonstrated a significant increase (p< 0.001) in the oral bioavailability of docosahexaenoic acid-containing self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems in comparison to a docosahexaenoic acid aqueous dispersion. This indicated the potential of self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems as an effective unit dosage form for the oral delivery of docosahexaenoic acid.
Intermediates of unsaturated fatty acid oxidation are incorporated in triglycerides but not in phospholipids in tissues from patients with mitochondrial β-oxidation defects; The fatty acid composition was determined of liver, skeletal muscle and heart obtained post mortem from patients with medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (MCADD), multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (MADD) and very long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (VLCADD). Increased amounts of 4-decenoic acid 10:1(n-6), 5-dodecenoic acid 12:1(n-7), 5-tetradecenoic acid 14:1(n-9), 5,8-tetradecadienoic acid 14:2(n-6) and 7,10-hexadecadienoic acid 16:2(n-6)-intermediates of unsaturated fatty acid oxidation-were found. Fractionation into different lipid classes showed that these fatty acids were exclusively present in the triglyceride fraction. They could not be detected in the free fatty acid fraction or in the phospholipid fraction. Our results suggest that intermediates of unsaturated fatty acid oxidation that accumulate as a consequence of MCADD, MADD and VLCADD are transported to the endoplasmic reticulum for esterification into neutral glycerolipids. The pattern of accumulation is characteristic for each disease, which makes fatty acid analysis of total lipid of post-mortem tissues a useful tool in the detection of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation defects in patients who died unexpected, for example with sudden infant death syndrome.
Effects of fatty and lean fish intake on stroke risk: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; BackgroundFish intake has been postulated to reduce the risk of stroke. However, whether the beneficial effect of fish are mainly linked to fat content, as a source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, remains unclear. We conducted a meta-analysis to compare the effect of fatty and lean fish intake on stroke risk.MethodsWe performed a literature search on four database (PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Cochrane Library) through February 1, 2018 to identify prospective studies of fatty and lean fish in relation to stroke risk. A random-effects model was used to calculate the summary estimates.ResultsWe identified five prospective studies, including 7 comparisons for fatty fish intake and 5 comparisons for lean fish intake. Compared with the highest category of intake with lowest category, the summary relative risk was 0.88 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.74-1.04] for fatty fish intake and 0.81 (95% CI, 0.67-0.99) for lean fish intake. No heterogeneity across studies and publication bias were observed.ConclusionOur findings demonstrated that fatty and lean fish intake has beneficial effects on stroke risk, especially lean fish intake. Additional prospective studies are necessary to confirm these observations.
Mass spectrometry-based serum lipidomics strategy to explore the mechanism of <i>Eleutherococcus senticosus</i> (Rupr. & Maxim.) Maxim. leaves in the treatment of ischemic stroke; Eleutherococcus senticosus (Rupr. & Maxim.) Maxim. leaves (ESL) were reported to have neuroprotective function and are also used to treat cranial and cerebral traumas as a traditional Chinese medicine and food herbage plant. However, there has been no previous study on ESL treatment for stroke at the level of lipid disorders. To clarify the mechanism of ESL in treating ischemic stroke, this study was carried out from 3 aspects, namely, the regulation of lipid disorders, protection of the nervous system, as well as anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions. This study established a lipidomics research strategy that was developed by UPLC-Q-TOF/MS analysis. The quantification of neurotransmitters in the serum and brain tissue of rats was performed using UPLC-TQ/MS. Also, we quantified the oxidative stress and inflammatory reaction by measuring the contents of SOD, MDA, TNF-alpha, IL-6, and IL-10 via the ELISA kits for serum and brain tissue. According to UPLC-Q-TOF/MS-based lipidomics analysis, 27 lipidomics biomarkers were identified in this study, including PC, PE, SM, and TG, which were distributed in various lipid metabolic pathways, including glycerophospholipid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, glycerolipid, sphingolipid, and arachidonic acid metabolism pathways. By reversing the changes in the lipid content caused by the disease, ESL has a therapeutic effect on ischemic stroke. Furthermore, quantitative results of neurotransmitters indicated that they can be regulated by ESL. Finally, the results of ELISA showed that ESL can treat ischemic stroke to a certain extent by reducing the oxidative and inflammatory damage. Therefore, ESL may play a therapeutic role in the treatment of ischemic stroke in different ways. This research preliminarily revealed the mechanism of ESL in the treatment of ischemic stroke and provided support for the further application of ESL.
TLR4-mediated pyroptosis in human hepatoma-derived HuH-7 cells induced by a branched-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid, geranylgeranoic acid; A branched-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid, geranylgeranoic acid (GGA; C-20:4), which is an endogenous metabolite derived from the mevalonate pathway in mammals, has been reported to induce cell death in human hepatoma cells. We have previously shown that the lipid-induced unfolded protein response (UPR) is an upstream cellular process for an incomplete autophagic response that might be involved in GGA-induced cell death. Here, we found that Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4)-mediated pyroptosis in HuH-7 cells occurred by GGA treatment. The TLR4-specific inhibitor VIPER prevented both GGA-induced cell death and UPR. Knockdown of the TLR4 gene attenuated GGA-induced cell death significantly. Upon GGA-induced UPR, caspase (CASP) 4 (CASP4) was activated immediately and gasdermin D (GSDMD) was translocated concomitantly to the plasma membrane after production of the N-terminal fragment of GSDMD. Then, cellular CASP1 activation occurred following a second gradual up-regulation of the intracellular Ca2+ concentration, suggesting that GGA activated the inflammasome. Indeed, the mRNA levels of NOD-like receptor family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) and interleukin-1 beta (IL1B) genes were up-regulated dramatically with translocation of cytoplasmic nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B) to nuclei after GGA treatment, indicating that GGA induced priming of the NLRP3 inflammasome through NF-kappa B activation. GGA-induced up-regulation of CASP1 activity was blocked by either oleic acid, VIPER, MCC950 (a selective inhibitor of the NLRP3 inflammasome), or CASP4-specific inhibitor peptide cotreatment. Pyroptotic cell death was also confirmed morphologically by bleb formation in time-series live cell imaging of GGA-treated cells. Taken together, the present results strongly indicate that GGA causes pyroptotic cell death in human hepatoma-derived HuH-7 via TLR4 signalling.
Hemorheological and hemodynamical effects of fish oil (AMEU) in patients with ischemic heart disease and hyperlipoproteinemia; Omega-3-fatty acids (n-3-FA) have various positive hemorheological effects in different clinical conditions. Ten male patients (mean age: 50 years) with ischemic heart disease and hyperlipoproteinemia were studied. They were treated by 10 capsules of Ameu (Omega Pharma, Berlin, Germany; 0.5 g salmon oil with 33% of n-3-FA) daily for two months. Besides routine laboratory parameters, hemorheological measurements (whole blood, plasma and serum viscosity) and exercise stress test with noninvasive hemodynamic control at baseline and after two months of treatment were carried out. Significant decrease (p < 0.01) of triglycerides (58%) was found. Cholesterol and plasma viscosity showed only a moderate decrease. Whole blood viscosity, exercise capacity and the measured hemodynamic parameters improved significantly (p < 0.05 or better). Our results show that this preparation can be useful in clinical practice because it has a beneficial effect on plasma lipids and on hemorheological and hemodynamic parameters.
Nutritional assessment and support of the patient with acute heart failure; Purpose of review
The Beneficial Effect of <i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Doxorubicin-induced Chronic Heart Failure in Rats; This study was designed to assess the effects of dietary supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish oil on the response of doxorubicin-induced chronic heart failure in rats. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were treated daily for 8 weeks with normal saline or n-3 PUFA intragastrically after induction of myocardial injury by intraperitoneal injection of doxorubicin 2 mg/kg once weekly for 8 weeks. Cardiac function was assessed by echocardiography. The cytoprotective role of n-3 PUFA against doxorubicin-induced myocardial injury was demonstrated by light microscopy, and serum cytokines (tumour necrosis factor-a and interleukin-10) were analysed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Doxorubicin induced death, alterations in echocardiography parameters and histological damage, all of which are features that characterize heart failure. There were significant differences between the doxorubicin-induced heart failure group and the n-3 PUFA-treated group in terms of echocardiography parameters and cytokine changes. Thus, dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA attenuated doxorubicin-induced cardiac dysfunction, an effect that might be associated with recovery from an imbalance of the cytokine network.
Lipid Biomarkers for Risk Assessment in Acute Coronary Syndromes; Purpose of Review The objective of this review was to summarize evidence gathered for the prognostic value of routine and novel blood lipids and lipoproteins measured in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS).
Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Risk. Evidence, Lack of Evidence, and Diligence; One of the most controversial areas of nutrition research relates to fats, particularly essential fatty acids, in the context of cardiovascular disease risk. A critical feature of dietary fatty acids is that they incorporate into the plasma membrane, modifying fluidity and key physiological functions. Importantly, they can reshape the bioavailability of eicosanoids and other lipid mediators, which direct cellular responses to external stimuli, such as inflammation and chronic stress conditions. This paper provides an overview of the most recent evidence, as well as historical controversies, linking fat consumption with human health and disease. We underscore current pitfalls in the area of fatty acid research and critically frame fatty acid intake in the larger context of diet and behavior. We conclude that fundamental research on fatty acids and lipids is appropriate in certain areas, but the rigor and reproducibility are lacking in others. The pros and cons are highlighted throughout the review, seeking to guide future research on the important area of nutrition, fat intake, and cardiovascular disease risk.
Quantification of fatty acids in salmon fillets conserved by different methods; Lipid contents and the composition of fatty acids of fillets from Chilean salmon (Salmo salar) were determined under different conservation methods: fresh salmon, frozen salmon, waterconserved canned salmon and frozen salmon in long-term storage. Fatty acid contents were determined by gas chromatography. The fillets had high lipid levels, ranging between 9.71 and 12.86%. All samples presented high levels of monounsaturated fatty acids, between 363.69 and 425.30 mg g(-1) of total lipids, followed by polyunsaturated fatty acids (294.46 - 342.45 mg g(-1) of total lipids) and saturated fatty acids (203.32 - 223.17 mg g(-1) of total lipids). Although samples revealed different lipid contents, all proved to be great sources of omega-3 fatty acids, regardless of the manner of conservation.
Effects of 12-week supplementation of marine Omega-3 PUFA-based formulation Omega3Q10 in older adults with prehypertension and/or elevated blood cholesterol; Backgrounds: To study the effects of supplementation of a marine omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFA) formulation (Omega3Q10) in older adults with hypertension and/or hypercholesterolemia.
Docosahexaenoic acid suppresses arachidonic acid-induced proliferation of LS-174T human colon carcinoma cells; AIM: To investigate the impact of arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and their combination on colon cancer cell growth.
Importance of seafood as nutrient source in the diet of Belgian adolescents; Background Regular seafood consumption is recommended in dietary guidelines. The aim of this study was to investigate the importance of seafood as a nutrient source in adolescents' diet and the extent to which seafood consumption can increase the intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vitamin D.
Dose-dependent decrease of platelet activation and tissue factor by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with advanced chronic heart failure; Chronic heart failure (CHF) is characterised by activation of neuroendocrine and inflammatory pathways, and both are linked to a prothrombotic state. Treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFA) showed significant benefits including mortality reduction in CHF, but exact mechanisms of action are still unclear. We investigated the effects of n3-PUFA on markers of platelet activation and thrombogenesis in patients with severe CHF. Thirty-six patients with non-ischaemic CHF (LVEF<35%, NYHA class>2) under optimised therapy were randomised to supplementation with 1g/day or 4g/day n3-PUFA, or placebo for 12 weeks. Using whole-blood flow cytometry, monocyteplatelet aggregates characterised by CD14+/CD42b+ co-expression and monocytic tissue factor (TF) were determined. Plasma levels of P-selectin, sCD40L, fibrinogen, prothrombin fragment F1.2, TF and pro-inflammatory markers (high sensitive[hs] interleuldn-6, hsCRP, hsTNF-alpha, monocyte chemotactic protein-1) were measured by immunoassay. Supplementation with 1g/day and 4g/day n3-PUFA but not placebo significantly reduced monocyte-platelet aggregates in a dose-dependent manner (p for trend=0.02 across the groups). A dose of 4g/day but not 1g/day n3-PUFA significantly decreased P-selectin (p=0.03). Plasma IF decreased dose-dependently upon n3-PUFA supplementation (p for trend=0.02), paralleled by a significant decrease of TF+-monocytes (p for trend=0.01). The amount of 4g/day n3-PUFA exhibited modest anti-inflammatory effects with a significant reduction of hs interleukin-6 (p<0.01) and a trend-wise reduction of hsTNF-alpha (p=0.09). No changes were seen for sCD40L, fibrinogen, hsCRP and monocyte chemotactic protein-1, while F1.2 was decreased by 4g/day n3-PUFA (P=0.03). In patients with severe non-ischaemic CHF, treatment with n3-PUFA leads to a dose-dependent decrease of platelet activation and TF. Higher dosage exhibits also anti-inflammatory effects.
Fibrates, Hypertriglyceridemia, and CVD Risk: Where Do We Stand After the PROMINENT Trial for Triglyceride Lowering?; Purpose of Review To evaluate recent clinical trials focusing on patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Dietary fat composition: replacement of saturated fatty acids with PUFA as a public health strategy, with an emphasis on -linolenic acid; SFA intakes have decreased in recent years, both in Ireland and across other European countries; however a large proportion of the population are still not meeting the SFA recommendation of <10% of total energy (TE). High SFA intakes have been associated with increased CVD and type-2 diabetes (T2D) risk, due to alterations in cholesterol homoeostasis and adipose tissue inflammation. PUFA, in particular EPA and DHA, have been associated with health benefits, including anti-inflammatory effects. It is well established that dietary fat composition plays an important role in biological processes. A recent review of evidence suggests that replacement of SFA with PUFA has potential to reduce risk of CVD and T2D. The public health and molecular impact of EPA and DHA have been well-characterised, while less is known of effects of -linolenic acid (ALA). The current dietary guideline for ALA is 05% TE; however evidence from supplementation trials suggests that benefit is observed at levels greater than 2 g/d (06-1% TE). This review highlights the gap in the evidence base relating to effects of the replacement of SFA with ALA, identifying the need for randomised controlled trials to determine the optimal dose of ALA substitution to define the efficacy of dietary fat modification with ALA.
Dietary lipids and cardiometabolic health: a new vision of structure-activity relationship; Purpose of review The impact of dietary lipids on cardiometabolic health was mainly studied considering their fatty acid composition. This review aims to present the recent change in paradigm whereby the food matrix, the molecular and supramolecular structures of dietary lipids modulate their digestive fate and cardiometabolic impact. Recent findings Epidemiological studies have reported that the metabolic impact of full-fat dairy products is better than predictable upon saturated fatty acid richness. Milk polar lipid supplementation reduced adiposity and inflammation in rodents by modulating gut microbiota and barrier, and decreased lipid markers of cardiovascular disease risk in humans by lowering cholesterol absorption. The metabolic importance of the structure of lipid molecules carrying omega-3 (molecular carrier) has also been documented. Plant lipids exhibit specific assemblies, membrane and molecular structures with potential health benefits. Lipid emulsifiers used to stabilize fats in processed foods are not mere bystanders of lipid effects and can induce both beneficial and adverse health effects. These findings open new clinical research questions aiming to further characterize the cardiometabolic fate of lipids, from digestion to bioactive metabolites, according to the food source or molecular carrier. This should be useful to elaborate food formulations for target populations and personalized dietary recommendations.
Drugs for cardiovascular disease prevention in women - Implications of the AHA guidelines - 2007 update; Lifestyle interventions constitute the initial strategy for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women. However, pharmacotherapy is often indicated for control of major cardiovascular risk factors, and abundant clinical trial data support the morbidity and mortality benefit of a number of categories of drug therapy following a coronary event. Although women have increasingly been enrolled in clinical trials of pharmacotherapy, under representation of women in most research studies limits the gender-specific assessment of outcomes. Equally importantly, recent randomized clinical trial data have highlighted inappropriate preventive therapies for women (i.e. those lacking effectiveness and potentially imparting harm). Decision-making data for drug therapy for women also derive from a number of clinical trials conducted solely in women.
Role of polyunsaturated fatty acids in ischemic stroke-A perspective of specialized pro-resolving mediators; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been proposed as beneficial for cardiovascular health. However, results from both epidemiological studies and clinical trials have been inconsistent, whereas most of the animal studies showed promising benefits of PUFAs in the prevention and treatment of ischemic stroke. In recent years, it has become clear that PUFAs are metabolized into various types of bioactive derivatives, including the specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs). SPMs exert multiple biofunctions, such as to limit excessive inflammatory responses, regulate lipid metabolism and immune cell functions, decrease production of pro-inflammatory factors, increase anti-inflammatory mediators, as well as to promote tissue repair and homeostasis. Inflammation has been recognised as a key contributor to the pathophysiology of acute ischemic stroke. Owing to their potent pro-resolving actions, SPMs are potential for development of novel anti-stroke therapy. In this review, we will summarize current knowledge of epidemiological studies, basic research and clinical trials concerning PUFAs in stroke prevention and treatment, with special attention to SPMs as the unsung heroes behind PUFAs. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Dietary fat and health: The evidence and the politics of prevention - Careful use of dietary fats can improve life and prevent disease; Every year, more young people start the slow progressive injury that eventually becomes cardiovascular disease and death. It could be prevented with nutrition education, but medical efforts focus more on treatments for older people than on preventing primary causes of disease in young people. Two avoidable risks are prevented by simple dietary interventions: (I) Eat more omega-3 and less omega-6 fats, so tissues have less intense n-6 eicosanoid action, and (2) eat less food per meal to lower vascular postprandial oxidant stress. An empirical diet-tissue relationship was developed and put into an interactive personalized software program to aid informed food choices.
Fatty Acid Composition and Nutritional Indices/Ratios of Colostrum and Milk from Crossbred Goats in the Philippines; Fatty acid (FA) profiles are important measures of the nutritional quality of goat's milk that may impact human cardiovascular health and disease. This study is aimed to compare the FA composition and FA-based nutritional indices/ratios of goat colostrum and milk from crossbred goats in relation to published reports on milk FAs involving purebred goats from other countries. A total of 121 colostrum and milk samples collected on the 30th, 60th, and 90th day of lactation from 33 crossbred goats with Anglo Nubian or Boer sires were analyzed by gas chromatography. The major FAs with the highest proportion in both colostrum and milk were oleic acid (C18:1-n9c), palmitic acid (C16:0), myristic acid (C14:0), and stearic acid (C18:0). Oleic acid, palmitic acid, and myristic acid were significantly higher (p<0.05) in colostrum than in milk (i.e., 27.4% vs 16.8%-22.9%, 24.8% vs 17.8%-19.6%, and 9.6% vs 5.2%-7.4%, respectively). Stearic acid was comparable in colostrum (8.8%) and milk (7.6%-10.8%). Total SFA and MUFA were higher in colostrum than in milk. Colostrum and milk contained low levels (less than 1.5%) of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) - omega-6 FAs [i.e., linoleic acid C18:2 n-6 and arachidonic acid C20:4 n-6] and omega-3 FAs [i.e., alpha-linolenic acid C18:3 n-3 and docosahexaenoic acid C22:6 n-3]. The SFAs (C12:0, C14:0, C16:0, and C18:0) in relation to total MUFAs and PUFAs are known to contribute to the increase in cardiovascular disease. Thus, milk from crossbred goats seems to be more beneficial for cardiovascular health because of its lower atherogenicity and thrombogenicity and higher hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic ratio than those reported for several transboundary and local breeds.
Is There Evidence-based Hypolipidemic Treatment With Clinical Benefit Beyond Statins?; Aggressive therapy with statins to lower the low density lipoprotein cholesterol decreases cardiovascular events. Nevertheless, administration of the highest approved statin dose only offers limited additional benefit at the expense of an increased incidence of side effects. Therefore, novel compounds that further reduce the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and at the same time have beneficial effects on other lipid parameters when added to statin therapy are under investigation. Nicotinic acid lowers the levels of the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides while raising the concentration of the protective high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. A significant inverse association exists between long-term intake of omega-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular mortality; these fish oils lower serum triglycerides levels. Fibrates substantially decrease triglycerides, increase high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and modestly decrease low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Ezetimibe selectively inhibits cholesterol absorption in the gut. Combined therapy with ezetimibe and a statin provides an incremental reduction in the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Heart Rate Variability: A Potential Tool for Monitoring Immunomodulatory Effects of Parenteral Fish Oil Feeding in Patients With Sepsis; Fish oil, rich in the very-long chain omega (omega)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), has been found to have immunomodulatory effects in different groups of critically ill patients. In addition, its parenteral administration seems to attenuate the inflammatory response within 2 to 3 days. The activation of the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway has been suggested to mediate such immunoregulatory effects. As different experimental studies have convincingly illustrated that enhanced vagal tone can decrease pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion, novel monitoring tools of its activity at the bedside could be developed, to evaluate nutritional manipulation of immune response in the critically ill. Heart rate variability (HRV) is the variability of R-R series in the electrocardiogram and could be a promising surrogate marker of immune response and its modulation during fish oil feeding, rich in omega-3 PUFAs. Heart rate variability is an indirect measure of autonomic nervous system (ANS) output, reflecting mainly fluctuations in ANS activity. Through HRV analysis, different "physiomarkers" can be estimated that could be used as early and more accurate "smart alarms" because they are based on high-frequency measurements and are much more easy to get at the bedside. On the contrary, various "biomarkers" such as cytokines exhibit marked interdependence, pleiotropy, and their plasma concentrations fluctuate from day to day in patients with sepsis. In this respect, an inverse relation between different HRV components and inflammatory biomarkers has been observed in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock, whereas a beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFAs on HRV has been demonstrated in patients with cardiovascular diseases. Consequently, in this article, we suggest that a beneficial effect of omega-3 PUFAs on HRV and clinical outcome in patients with sepsis merits further investigation and could be tested in future clinical trials as a real-time monitoring tool of nutritional manipulation of the inflammatory response in the critically ill.
Comparison of low-fat versus Mediterranean-Style dietary intervention after first myocardial infarction (from the heart institute of Spokane diet intervention and evaluation trial); Whether a Mediterranean-style diet reduces cardiovascular events and mortality more than a low-fat diet is uncertain. The objectives of this study were to actively compare low-fat and Mediterranean-style diets after first myocardial infarction (MI) in a randomized, controlled clinical trial and to compare dietary intervention per se with usual care in a case-control analysis. First MI survivors were randomized to a low-fat (n = 50) or Mediterranean-style (n = 51) diet. The 2 diets were low in saturated fat (<= 7% kcal) and cholesterol (<= 200 mg/day); the Mediterranean-style diet was distinguished by greater omega-3 fat intake (> 0.75% kcal). Participants received individual dietary counseling sessions, 2 within the first month and again at 3, 6, 12, 18, and 24 months, along with 6 group sessions. Combined dietary intervention groups (cases, n = 101) were compared with a usual-care group (controls, n = 101) matched for age, gender, MI type and treatment, and status of diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Primary-outcome-free survival (a composite of all-cause and cardiac deaths, MI, hospital admissions for heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, or stroke) did not differ between low-fat (42 of 50) and Mediterranean-style (43 of 5 1) diet groups over a median follow-up period of 46 months (range. 18 to 72; log-rank p = 0.81). Patients receiving dietary intervention had better primary-outcome-free survival (85 of 101) than usual-care controls (61 of 101) (log-rank p < 0.001), with unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios of 0.33 (95% confidence interval 0.18 to 0.60, p < 0.001) and 0.28 (95% confidence interval 0.13 to 0.63, p = 0.002), respectively. In conclusion, active intervention with either a low-fat or a Mediterranean-style diet similarly and significantly benefits overall and cardiovascular-event-free survival after MI. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Activation of the Omega-3 Fatty Acid Receptor GPR120 Protects against Focal Cerebral Ischemic Injury by Preventing Inflammation and Apoptosis in Mice; G protein-coupled receptor 120 (GPR120) has been shown to negatively regulate inflammation and apoptosis, but its role in cerebral ischemic injury remains unclear. Using an in vivo model of middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) and an in vitro model of oxygen-glucose deprivation (OGD), we investigated the potential role and molecular mechanisms of GPR120 in focal cerebral ischemic injury. Increased GPR120 expression was observed in microglia and neurons following MCAO-induced ischemia in wild type C57BL/6 mice. Treatment with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) inhibited OGD-induced inflammatory response in primary microglia and murine microglial BV2 cells, whereas silencing of GPR120 strongly exacerbated the inflammation induced by OGD and abolished the anti-inflammatory effects of DHA. Mechanistically, DHA inhibited OGD-induced inflammation through GPR120 interacting with beta-arrestin2. In addition to its anti-inflammatory function, GPR120 also played a role in apoptosis as its knockdown impaired the antiapoptotic effect of DHA in OGD-induced rat pheochromocytoma (PC12) cells. Finally, using MCAO mouse model, we demonstrated that GPR120 activation protected against focal cerebral ischemic injury by preventing inflammation and apoptosis. Our study indicated that pharmacological targeting of GPR120 may provide a novel approach for the treatment of patients with ischemic stroke.
The outcomes of concentration-specific interactions between salicylate and jasmonate signaling include synergy, antagonism, and oxidative stress leading to cell death; Salicylic acid ( SA) has been proposed to antagonize jasmonic acid ( JA) biosynthesis and signaling. We report, however, that in salicylate hydroxylase- expressing tobacco ( Nicotiana tabacum) plants, where SA levels were reduced, JA levels were not elevated during a hypersensitive response elicited by Pseudomonas syringae pv phaseolicola. The effects of cotreatment with various concentrations of SA and JA were assessed in tobacco and Arabidopsis ( Arabidopsis thaliana). These suggested that there was a transient synergistic enhancement in the expression of genes associated with either JA ( PDF1.2 [ defensin] and Thi1.2 [ thionin]) or SA ( PR1 [ PR1a- beta- glucuronidase in tobacco]) signaling when both signals were applied at low ( typically 10 100 mu M) concentrations. Antagonism was observed at more prolonged treatment times or at higher concentrations. Similar results were also observed when adding the JA precursor, alpha- linolenic acid with SA. Synergic effects on gene expression and plant stress were NPR1- and COI1- dependent, SA- and JA- signaling components, respectively. Electrolyte leakage and Evans blue staining indicated that application of higher concentrations of SA + JA induced plant stress or death and elicited the generation of apoplastic reactive oxygen species. This was indicated by enhancement of hydrogen peroxide- responsive AoPR10-beta-glucuronidase expression, suppression of plant stress/death using catalase, and direct hydrogen peroxide measurements. Our data suggests that the outcomes of JA- SA interactions could be tailored to pathogen/pest attack by the relative concentration of each hormone.
EFFECTS OF GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID SUPPLEMENTATION ON PREGNANT RATS FED A ZINC-DEFICIENT DIET; The effects of dietary .gamma.-linolenic acid supplementation in the form of evening primrose oil were examined in pregnant zinc-deficient rats and subsequently in their newborn pups. This supplementation was beneficial, since it reduced pup mortality, increased mean litter size and maintained appetite throughout two thirds of the gestation period. Consequently, .gamma.-linolenic acid seems to correct some of the biological effects of zinc deficiency. It is suggested that evening primrose oil could be used in cases of zinc deficiency caused by metabolic disturbances.
Monocyte transcriptomic profile following EPA and DHA supplementation in men and women with low-grade chronic inflammation; Background: Recent data indicate considerable variability in response to very long chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on cardiovascular disease risk. This inconsistency may be due to differential effects of EPA vs DHA and/or sex-specific responses.Methods: Sixteen subjects (eight men and eight women) 50-75 y and with low-grade chronic inflammation participated in a randomized controlled crossover trial comparing 3 g/d EPA, 3 g/d DHA, and placebo (3 g/ d high oleic acid sunflower oil). Blood monocytes were isolated at the end of each phase for RNA-sequencing.Results: Sex dimorphism in monocyte gene expression was observed, therefore, data for men and women were analyzed separately. 1088 genes were differentially expressed in men and 997 in women (p < 0.05). In both men and women, EPA and DHA repressed genes involved in protein turnover and mitochondrial energy metabolism, relative to placebo. In men only, EPA and DHA upregulated genes related to wound healing and PPAR alpha activation. In women only, EPA and DHA activated genes related to ER stress response. Relative to DHA, EPA resulted in lower expression of genes involved in inflammatory processes in men, and lower expression of genes involved in ER stress response in women.Conclusions: EPA and DHA supplementation elicited both similar and differential effects on monocyte transcriptome, some of which were sex specific. The observed variability in response to EPA and DHA in men and women could in part explain the conflicting results from previous cardiovascular clinical trials using omega-3 fatty acids.
Gene Mapping, Genome-Wide Transcriptome Analysis, and WGCNA Reveals the Molecular Mechanism for Triggering Programmed Cell Death in Rice Mutant <i>pir1</i>; Programmed cell death (PCD) is involved in plant growth and development and in resistance to biotic and abiotic stress. To understand the molecular mechanism that triggers PCD, phenotypic and physiological analysis was conducted using the first three leaves of mutant rice PCD-induced-resistance 1(pir1) and its wild-type ZJ22. The 2nd and 3rd leaves of pir1 had a lesion mimic phenotype, which was shown to be an expression of PCD induced by H2O2-accumulation. The PIR1 gene was mapped in a 498 kb-interval between the molecular markers RM3321 and RM3616 on chromosome 5, and further analysis suggested that the PCD phenotype of pir1 is controlled by a novel gene for rice PCD. By comparing the mutant with wild type rice, 1679, 6019, and 4500 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified in the three leaf positions, respectively. KEGG analysis revealed that DEGs were most highly enriched in phenylpropanoid biosynthesis, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, and brassinosteroid biosynthesis. In addition, conjoint analysis of transcriptome data by weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA) showed that the turquoise module of the 18 identified modules may be related to PCD. There are close interactions or indirect cross-regulations between the differential genes that are significantly enriched in the phenylpropanoid biosynthesis pathway and the hormone biosynthesis pathway in this module, which indicates that these genes may respond to and trigger PCD.
The emerging role of docosahexaenoic acid in neuroinflammation; Epidemiological studies have linked fish consumption to lower rates of neurological diseases. Fish contains high levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), and several lines of evidence suggest that the n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3) acts in the brain via anti-apoptotic and neurotrophic pathways. In addition, DHA may act through anti-neuroinflammatory pathways, as DHA possesses anti-inflammatory properties in the periphery. Evidence from animal models has indicated that DHA and its derivatives (resolvin D1 and protectin D1) attenuate colitis, peritonitis and ischemic stroke. n-3 PUFA deprivation in rats decreases brain levels of DHA and increases markers of the brain arachidonic acid (20: 4n-6) cascade, a proinflammatory pathway. Thus, chronic low intake of n-3 PUFA may predispose the brain to weak anti-inflammatory, as well as strong proinflammatory signals. Neurological disorders, including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and major depression, display a neuroinflammatory component. n-3 PUFA supplementation, as well as drugs targeting brain PUFA metabolism, are promising candidates in the prevention and treatment of neurological disorders.
Biochemical characterization of eight Greek algae as candidate species for local seaweed cultivation; Seaweeds cover a wide range of applications, e.g. as food supplements, in animal feed, as biofuels or as sources of bioactive compounds. The Greek coast in the East Mediterranean is rich in various seaweeds that remain unexploited because their chemical and nutritional content has not yet been characterized. In the present study, eight seaweeds belonging to the Rhodophyta, Ochrophyta (class Phaeophyceae) and Chlorophyta were biochemically characterized and evaluated as potential food sources. Total polyphenol content, antioxidant activity, fatty acids and elemental composition were measured. Acanthophora nayadiformis, Ceramium sp. (Rhodophyta), Codium fragile (Chlorophyta), Cystoseira foeniculacea and Gongolaria barbata (formerly Cystoseira barbata) (Ochrophyta, Phaeophyceae) had the highest phenolic content and strongest antioxidant activity. Both brown and red seaweeds were rich in minerals, with G. barbata, Dictyopteris polypodioides (formerly Dictyopteris membranacea) (Chlorophyta, Phaeophyceae) and A. nayadiformis being the richest in macro- and microelements. The low Na/K ratio in most seaweeds (0.03-3.49) and the high iron content of red and brown algae (1.01-52.40 mg 100 g(-1) of wet tissue) make algal consumption an attractive option. Chlorophyta and Phaeophyceae had the lowest n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios, with alpha-linolenic acid being the most abundant n-3 PUFA. The green algae Codium fragile and Ulva lactuca had the highest oleic and docosahexaenoic acid content, respectively. Finally, Rhodophyta were the highest producers of eicosa-pentaenoic acid. The findings confirmed the nutritional value of all seaweeds, highlighting brown seaweeds Cystoseira foeniculacea, G. barbata, and D. polypodioides as potential sources for food supplements and candidate species for seaweed cultivation in Mediterranean coastal waters.
Obesity superimposed on aging magnifies inflammation and delays the resolving response after myocardial infarction; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake has increased over the last 100 yr, contributing to the current obesogenic environment. Obesity and aging are prominent risk factors for myocardial infarction (MI). How obesity interacts with aging to alter the post-MI response, however, is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that obesity in aging mice would impair the resolution of post-MI inflammation. PUFA diet (PUFA aging group) feeding to 12-mo-old C57BL/6J mice for 5 mo showed higher fat mass compared with standard lab chow (LC)-fed young (LC young group; 3-5 mo old) or aging alone control mice (LC aging group). LC young, LC aging, and PUFA aging mice were subjected to coronary artery ligation to induce MI. Despite similar infarct areas post-MI, plasma proteomic profiling revealed higher VCAM-1 in the PUFA aging group compared with LC young and LC aging groups, leading to increased neutrophil infiltration in the PUFA aging group (P < 0.05). Macrophage inflammatory protein-1 gamma and CD40 were also increased at day 1, and myeloperoxidase remained elevated at day 5, an observation consistent with delayed wound healing in the PUFA aging group. Lipidomic analysis showed higher levels of arachidonic acid and 12(S)-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid at day 1 post-MI in the PUFA aging group compared with the LC aging group (all P < 0.05), thereby mediating neutrophil extravasation in the PUFA aging group. The inflammation-resolving enzymes 5-lipoxygenase, cyclooxygenase-2, and heme oxyegnase-1 were altered to delay wound healing post-MI in the PUFA aging group compared with LC young and LC aging groups. PUFA aging magnifies the post-MI inflammatory response and impairs the healing response by stimulating prolonged neutrophil trafficking and proinflammatory lipid mediators.
The Influence of Diet on MicroRNAs that Impact Cardiovascular Disease; Food quality and nutritional habits strongly influence human health status. Extensive research has been conducted to confirm that foods rich in biologically active nutrients have a positive impact on the onset and development of different pathological processes, including cardiovascular diseases. However, the underlying mechanisms by which dietary compounds regulate cardiovascular function have not yet been fully clarified. A growing number of studies confirm that bioactive food components modulate various signaling pathways which are involved in heart physiology and pathology. Recent evidence indicates that microRNAs (miRNAs), small single-stranded RNA chains with a powerful ability to influence protein expression in the whole organism, have a significant role in the regulation of cardiovascular-related pathways. This review summarizes recent studies dealing with the impact of some biologically active nutrients like polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), vitamins E and D, dietary fiber, or selenium on the expression of many miRNAs, which are connected with cardiovascular diseases. Current research indicates that the expression levels of many cardiovascular-related miRNAs like miRNA-21, -30 family, -34, -155, or -199 can be altered by foods and dietary supplements in various animal and human disease models. Understanding the dietary modulation of miRNAs represents, therefore, an important field for further research. The acquired knowledge may be used in personalized nutritional prevention of cardiovascular disease or the treatment of cardiovascular disorders.
n-3 Fatty Acids Reduce Arterial LDL-Cholesterol Delivery and Arterial Lipoprotein Lipase Levels and Lipase Distribution; Objectives-We previously reported that saturated fat (SAT)-enriched diets increase arterial cholesteryl ester (CE) deposition, especially from LDL-selective uptake (SU), and this was associated with increased arterial lipoprotein lipase (LpL). We now question how n-3 fatty acid rich diets influence arterial cholesterol delivery and arterial LpL levels.
Biomarkers of Dietary Omega-6 Fatty Acids and Incident Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality: An Individual-Level Pooled Analysis of 30 Cohort Studies; Background: Global dietary recommendations for and cardiovascular effects of linoleic acid, the major dietary omega-6 fatty acid, and its major metabolite, arachidonic acid, remain controversial. To address this uncertainty and inform international recommendations, we evaluated how in vivo circulating and tissue levels of linoleic acid (LA) and arachidonic acid (AA) relate to incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) across multiple international studies.
rs953413 Regulates Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolism by Modulating <i>ELOVL2</i> Expression; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) influence human health in several areas, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, fatty liver disease, and cancer. ELOVL2 encodes one of the key enzymes in the in vivo synthesis of LC-PUFAs from their precursors. Variants near ELOVL2 have repeatedly been associated with levels of LC-PUFA-derived metabolites in genome-wide association studies (GWAS), but the mechanisms behind these observations remain poorly defined. in this study, we found that rs953413, located in the first intron of ELOVL2, lies within a functional FOXA and HNF4 alpha cooperative binding site. The G allele of rs953413 increases binding of FOXA1/FOXA2 and HNF4 alpha to an evolutionarily conserved enhancer element, conferring allele-specific upregutation of the rs953413-associated gene ELOVL2. The expression of ELOVL2 was significantly downregulated by both FOXA 1 and HNF4 alpha knockdown and CRISPR/Cas9-mediated direct mutation to the enhancer element. Our results suggest that rs953413 regulates LC-PUFAs metabolism by altering ELOVL2 expression through FOXA1/FOXA2 and HNF4 alpha cooperation.
Preventing Diabetes and Atherosclerosis in the Cardiometabolic Syndrome; Purpose of Review Cardiometabolic syndrome is characterized by abdominal adiposity, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. There is a growing burden of cardiometabolic disease in many parts of the world. This review highlights the critical preventive and therapeutic measures that need to be implemented to reduce the impact of cardiometabolic syndrome on cardiovascular health. Recent Findings Recent cardiovascular outcome trials demonstrated that newer glucose-lowering medications reduce cardiovascular and renal events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). These medications should be considered in patients with T2DM and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). These novel drugs may also play a role in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and renal disease in high-risk patients without T2DM. To manage dyslipidemia associated with cardiometabolic syndrome, in addition to lifestyle interventions and statin therapy, ezetimibe, and proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type 9 (PCSK9), inhibitors can be used to reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular outcomes (MACE) especially in patients with T2DM and coronary artery disease (CAD). The residual risk of MACE in such a high-risk population can be further mitigated by treatment with an omega-3 fatty acid such as icosapent ethyl. Lifestyle modifications and the use of proven pharmacological therapies are essential for the prevention and progression of diabetes and ASCVD in those with the cardiometabolic syndrome.
Association of Adipose Tissue Fatty Acids With Cardiovascular and All-Cause Mortality in Elderly Men; IMPORTANCE The major polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue objectively reflect long-term dietary intake, and may provide more reliable information than would self-reported intake. Whether adipose tissue fatty acids predict cardiovascular and all-cause mortality needs investigation.
Serial measures of circulating biomarkers of dairy fat and total and cause-specific mortality in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study; Background: Controversy has emerged about the benefits compared with harms of dairy fat, including concerns over long-term effects. Previous observational studies have assessed self-reported estimates of consumption or a single biomarker measure at baseline, which may lead to suboptimal estimation of true risk.
Saturated Fatty Acids Consumed in Smoothies Increase Glucose and Metabolic Load Index in Young Adults Compared to Polyunsaturated Omega-3-Fatty Acids; Introduction: Chronic diets high in saturated fat (SF) and omega-6-fatty acids (O6FAs) elevate fasting triglycerides (TRGs) and glucose (GLU). Postprandial TRGs, GLU, and Metabolic Load Index (MLI) are better predictors of disease risk compared to fasting levels alone. Conversely, diets high in omega-3 fatty acids (O3FAs) may be cardioprotective. Unfortunately, many existing postprandial studies are not standardized to body weight and given in an amount individuals would typically consume in their daily lives; the MLI is not calculated, and varying types of fat content are not examined. Therefore, we sought to determine whether SF, O3FAs, or O6FAs altered postprandial TRGs, GLU, and MLI from a standardized mixed meal. Methods: Fifteen individuals (6 M and 9 F) visited the laboratory three times, separated by at least 48 h, to consume HFM smoothies with varying FA composition (SF, high O6FAs, and high O3FAs). The smoothies were standardized to 12 kcal/kg body weight, 63% total fat, and 0.72 g/kg sugar. TRGs and GLU were collected at baseline and at 2 h and 4 h postprandially; the MLI was calculated by summing the TRG and GLU responses at each time point. Results: There was a significant increase in TRGs across time points (p < 0.001). For TRGs, there was a trend toward a significant interaction between smoothie type and time (p = 0.06) due to the increase in TRGs in the SF compared to the O3FA smoothie. There was an increase in postprandial GLU that varied across smoothie types (p = 0.036). Taken together, the MLI was elevated in the SF smoothie compared to the O3FAs at 2 h (p = 0.041). Conclusion: A SF smoothie in the morning elevated the metabolic load compared to an O3FA smoothie. Mechanisms of action in the competing clearance of TRGs and GLU warrant further investigation.
The effects of fatty acid-based dietary interventions on circulating bioactive lipid levels as intermediate biomarkers of health, cardiovascular disease, and cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Context Dietary fatty acids (FAs), primarily n-3 polyunsaturated FAs, have been associated with enrichment of the circulating bioactive lipidome and changes in the enzymatic precursor lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) mass; however, the magnitude of this effect remains unclear. Objective The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the effect of different dietary FAs on the bioactive lipid profile of healthy participants and those with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and CVD risk factors. Data sources PubMed, SCOPUS and the Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant articles published between October 2010 and May 2022. Data extraction Data were screened for relevance and then retrieved in full and evaluated for eligibility by 2 reviewers independently. Data analysis The net difference in the bioactive lipid mean values between the endpoint and the baseline, and the corresponding SDs or SEs, were used for the qualitative synthesis. For the meta-analysis, a fixed-effects model was used. Results Twenty-seven randomized clinical trials (representing >2560 participants) were included. Over 78% of the enrolled participants had >= 1 associated CVD risk factor, whereas <22% were healthy. In the meta-analysis, marine n-3 supplements (dose range, 0.37-1.9 g/d) significantly increased pro-inflammatory lysophosphatidylcholines (lyso-PCs; for lyso-PC(16:0): mean, +0.52 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.02-1.01] mu M; for lyso-PC(18:0): mean, +0.58 [95%CI, 0.09-1.08] mu M) in obese participants. Additionally, n-3 supplementation (1-5.56 g/d) decreased plasma Lp-PLA2 mass, a well-known inflammation marker, in healthy (-0.35 [95%CI, -0.59 to -0.10] ng/mL), dyslipidemic (-0.36 [95%CI, -0.47 to -0.25] ng/mL), and stable coronary artery disease participants (-0.52 [95%CI, -0.91 to -0.12] ng/mL). Conclusions Daily n-3 provided as EPA+DHA supplements and consumed from 1 to 6 months reduced plasma Lp-PLA2 mass in healthy participants and those with CVD and CVD risk factors, suggesting an anti-inflammatory effect. However, the saturated lyso-PC response to n-3 was impaired in obese participants. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42021218335
Omega-6 fats for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
γ-Linolenic Acid Methyl Ester from <i>Rhizopus oryzae</i> KSD-815 Isolated from <i>Nuruk</i> Induces Apoptosis in Prostate Cancer LNCaP Cells; Gamma-linolenic acid methyl ester (methyl GLA) was purified from the cultures of Rhizopus oryzae KSD-815, which is a filamentous fungus and has been used to make Korean traditional alcoholic beverage. In the present study, molecular mechanisms by which methyl GLA induces apoptosis in human prostate cancer cells, LNCaP, were investigated. It was found that methyl GLA mediated-apoptosis was provoked by down-regulation of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway, resulting from activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway and inactivation of Akt. On the other hand, a marked increase of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation was observed within 30 min after methyl GLA treatment. Although p38 MAPK specific inhibitor, SB203580, completely blocked caspase-9 activation but not caspase-8, p38 MAPK activation was not affected by the broad caspase inhibitor, Z-VAD-FMK, which nevertheless prevented methyl GLA-provoked apoptosis. Interestingly, interference of methyl GLA-mediated p38 MAPK with SB203580 attenuated inactivation of mTOR, independent of AMPK pathway. Results indicate that methyl GLA can independently utilize two different signaling pathways for inducing the apoptosis cascade, and p38 MAPK activation is a specific regulatory role in methyl GLA-provoked apoptosis, enhancing the action mechanisms by fermentation metabolites to regulate cell death.
Simultaneous quantification of total eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid in plasma by high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry; A method for the simultaneous quantification of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) in human plasma by HPLC-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) was developed and validated. Free and esterified forms of fatty acids were hydrolysed from plasma samples in the presence of an internal standard and subjected to liquid-liquid extraction. The chromatographic run time was 3.5 min per sample. The assay was linear from 0.5 to 300 mg/L (r(2) > 0.997, n = 18). Based on matrix addition, accuracy deviation was < 15%, except for AA at 10 mg/L (30-90%), whereas precision was < 8% for all fatty acids studied. The method was applied to the measurement of these omega-3 fatty acids in a fish oil supplement study with healthy volunteers. Healthy males (n = 4) were administered a supplement containing 465 mg EPA and 375 mg DHA per capsule (Omacor (R)). A dose of two capsules was given daily over a 4 week period. Pre-treatment concentrations varied between subjects for EPA (17-68 mg/L), DHA (36-63 mg/L) and AA (121-248 mg/L). During the dosing period EPA increased 460-480% from the baseline concentration, while DHA increased 150-160%. The EPA-AA ratio increased from 0.07-0.56 to 0.3-3.1 after 4 weeks of dosing. In conclusion, the method described could be suitable for monitoring EPA, DHA and AA in clinical studies that may aid in achieving optimal concentrations of these fatty acids in patients who could be at risk of sudden cardiac death. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
GhPLP2 Positively Regulates Cotton Resistance to Verticillium Wilt by Modulating Fatty Acid Accumulation and Jasmonic Acid Signaling Pathway; Patatin-like proteins (PLPs) have non-specific lipid acyl hydrolysis (LAH) activity, which can hydrolyze membrane lipids into fatty acids and lysophospholipids. The vital role of PLPs in plant growth and abiotic stress has been well documented. However, the function of PLPs in plant defense responses against pathogens is still poorly understood. Here, we isolated and identified a novel cotton (Gossypium hirsutum) PLP gene GhPLP2. The expression of GhPLP2 was induced upon treatment with Verticillium dahliae, the signaling molecules jasmonic acid (JA) and ethylene (ETH) in cotton plants. Subcellular localization revealed that GhPLP2 was localized to the plasma membrane. GhPLP2-silenced cotton plants were more susceptible to infection by V. dahliae, while the overexpression of GhPLP2 in Arabidopsis enhanced its resistance to V. dahliae, which was apparent as mild symptoms, and a decrease in the disease index and fungal biomass. The hypersensitive response, deposition of callose, and H2O2 accumulation triggered by V. dahliae elicitor were reduced in GhPLP2-silenced cotton plants. The overexpression of GhPLP2 in Arabidopsis resulted in the accumulation of linoleic acid (LA, 18:2) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) and facilitated the biosynthesis of JA and JA-mediated defensive responses. GhPLP2 silencing in cotton plants consistently reduced the accumulation of linoleic acid (LA, 18:2) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3) and suppressed the biosynthesis of JA and the defensive responses mediated by JA. These results indicate that GhPLP2 is involved in the resistance of cotton to V. dahliae by maintaining fatty acid metabolism pools for JA biosynthesis and activating the JA signaling pathway.
The association of basal insulin treatment versus standard care with outcomes in anti-GAD positive and negative subjects: A post-hoc analysis of the ORIGIN trial; We compared cardiovascular and other outcomes in patients with dysglycaemia with or without anti-glutamic acid dehydrogenase (GAD) antibodies participating in the Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN) trial. Of the 12 537 participants, 8162 had anti-GAD measured at baseline and 267 were anti-GAD positive. The effects of insulin glargine versus standard care and of n-3 fatty acids supplements versus placebo were compared by testing the interaction of the treatment effects and anti-GAD status. The effect of glargine on development of new diabetes was assessed in participants without previous diabetes at baseline. The overall incidence of outcomes did not differ between anti-GAD positive and anti-GAD negative subjects. The incidence of the composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke did not differ between anti-GAD positive participants randomized to insulin glargine or to standard care, with a hazard ratio (HR) (95% confidence interval [CI]) of 0.80 (0.44-1.44) or in anti-GAD negative participants with a HR of 1.07 (0.96-1.20) (P for interaction = 0.20).
POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS AND RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty (PUFA) acids and among them the n-3 PUFAs from fish oil-eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid - own potent immunomodulatory potential This can be beneficially utilized in cardiovascular disease or depression as well as in rheumatoid arthritis. A commonly accepted opinion about the minimum dosage to gain a therapeutic effect has not been formed yet. In order to achieve an amelioration of symptoms in RA the concluding recommendation is to consume dietary supplements containing three to six gram n-3 fatty acids daily for > 12 weeks. Following these suggestions patients taking dietary supplements of fish oil show improvements in clinical parameters including the number of tender joints, the duration Of morning stiffness as well as the patient's evaluation of global arthritis activity. Finally, the intake of n-3 PUFAs can only be recommended as an add-on therapy and must not replace the standard therapeutic regimes. A large research agenda remains to be worked on in order to be able to determine the role of therapeutic effects of n-3 PUFAs in RA.
Association of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Clinical Progression in Patients With ALS Post Hoc Analysis of the EMPOWER Trial; Background and ObjectivesPolyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory effects and could be beneficial in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Higher dietary intake and plasma levels of PUFAs, in particular alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), have been associated with a lower risk of ALS in large epidemiologic cohort studies, but data on disease progression in patients with ALS are sparse. We examined whether plasma levels of ALA and other PUFAs contributed to predicting survival time and functional decline in patients with ALS.MethodsWe conducted a study among participants in the EMPOWER clinical trial who had plasma samples collected at the time of randomization that were available for fatty acid analyses. Plasma fatty acids were measured using gas chromatography. We used Cox proportional hazards models and linear regression to evaluate the association of individual fatty acids with risk of death and joint rank test score of functional decline and survival.ResultsFatty acid analyses were conducted in 449 participants. The mean (SD) age of these participants at baseline was 57.5 (10.7) years, and 293 (65.3%) were men; 126 (28.1%) died during follow-up. Higher ALA levels were associated with lower risk of death (age-adjusted and sex-adjusted hazard ratio comparing highest vs lowest quartile 0.50, 95% CI 0.29-0.86, p-trend = 0.041) and higher joint rank test score (difference in score according to 1 SD increase 10.7, 95% CI 0.2-21.1, p = 0.045), consistent with a slower functional decline. The estimates remained similar in analyses adjusted for body mass index, race/ethnicity, symptom duration, site of onset, riluzole use, family history of ALS, predicted upright slow vital capacity, and treatment group. Higher levels of the n-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid and the n-6 fatty acid linoleic acid were associated with a lower risk of death during follow-up.DiscussionHigher levels of ALA were associated with longer survival and slower functional decline in patients with ALS. These results suggest that ALA may have a favorable effect on disease progression in patients with ALS.
<i>N</i>-Docosahexaenoyl Dopamine, an Endocannabinoid-like Conjugate of Dopamine and the n-3 Fatty Acid Docosahexaenoic Acid, Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Activation of Microglia and Macrophages via COX-2; Several studies indicate that the n-3 long -chain polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) contributes to an attenuated inflammatory status in the development of neurodegenerative disorders, such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease. To explain these effects, different mechanisms are being proposed, including those involving endocannabinoids and related signaling molecules. Many of these compounds belong to the fatty acid amides, conjugates of fatty acids with biogenic amines. Conjugates of DHA with ethanolamine or serotonin have previously been shown to possess anti-inflammatory and potentially neuroprotective properties. Here, we synthesized another amine conjugate of DHA, N-docosahexaenoyl dopamine (DHDA), and tested its immune-modulatory properties in both RAW 264.7 macrophages and BV-2 microglial cells. N-Docosahexaenoyl dopamine significantly suppressed the production of nitric oxide (NO), the cytokine interleukin-6 (IL-6), and the chemokines macrophage -inflammatory protein-3a (CCL20) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1(MCP-1), whereas its parent compounds, dopamine and DHA, were ineffective. Further exploration of potential effects of DHDA on key inflammatory mediators revealed that cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) mRNA level and production of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) were concentration-dependently inhibited in macrophages. In activated BV-2 cells, PGE2 production was also reduced, without changes in COX-2 mRNA levels. In addition, DHDA did not affect NF-kB activity in a reporter cell line. Finally, the immune -modulatory activities of DHDA were compared with those Of N-arachidonoyl dopamine (NADA) and similar potencies were found in both cell types. Taken together, our data suggest that DHDA, a potentially endogenous endocannabinoid, may be an additional member of the group of immune-modulating n-3 fatty acid-derived lipid mediators.
CHOLESTEROL, PHYTOSTEROL AND POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID LEVELS IN 1982 AND 1957 JAPANESE DIETS; The dietary intake of cholesterol, phytosterol and PUFA in Japanese was investigated to obtain information on dietary parameters related to coronary artery disease. Three daily menus for both 1957 and 1982 were prepared based on the daily per capita consumption of foods and nutrient intakes from national surveys. From 1957 to 1982, the average daily intake of cholesterol rose 2.1-fold from 1983 to 376 mg while that of phytosterol remained at about 373 mg. Daily intakes of total fatty acid (19.2 g), PUFA (7.3 g), MUFA (5.8 g) and SFA (6.1 g) in 1957 increased in 1982 to 48.7 g, 11.9 g, 19.5 g and 17.3 g, respectively. The ratio of PUFA/SFA decreased to 56% from 1.23 in 1957 and 0.69 in 1982 and the PUFA/MUFA ratio also decreased to 48%. The PUFA/cholesterol ratio was lower in 1982 (31.8) than in 1957 (42.6), and the decrease in the phytosterol/cholesterol ratio to 46% was greater than that in the PUFA/cholesterol ratio (which only fell to 75% of the 1957 value). Thus, comparison of the 1982 and 1957 intakes indicated the increase in risk factors, cholesterol and SFA intake, and the decrease in the ratio of PUFA/SFA in the Japanese population during the past few decades.
A method for a comprehensive lipidomic analysis of flaxseed<i> (Linum</i><i> usitatissimum)</i> with the use of LC-Q-TOF-MS and dispersive micro-solid-phase (μDSPE) extraction; Flaxseed (FS) is one of the richest sources of alpha-linolenic acid oil and lignans, and it is suggested that the consumption of flaxseed may contribute to the prevention of certain chronic diseases such as many types of cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cerebrovascular stroke. Here, we demonstrate a new method for comprehensive FS lipidome profiling with the use of LC-Q-TOF-MS and dispersive micro-solid-phase extraction. The effects of stationary phase amount, flaxseed amount and different organic solvents for non-polar lipid elution on the FS lipidome coverage were investigated. The developed and validated protocol allowed for improved monitoring of both polar and non-polar lipids simultaneously, overcoming the challenge of low- and highabundance lipid species. Furthermore, the method was applied to characterize a set of brown flaxseed and yellow flaxseed samples, as well as flaxseed meal.
Associations of estimated Δ-5-desaturase and Δ-6-desaturase activities with stroke risk factors and risk of stroke: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Stroke is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality. The role of PUFA in reducing the risk of stroke is uncertain. The concentrations of PUFA in the human body are determined both by dietary intake and by activities of desaturase enzymes. Desaturase enzymes have been associated with chronic diseases, but little is known about their association with stroke risk. We investigated the associations of Delta-6-desaturase (D6D) and Delta-5-desaturase (D5D) activities with stroke risk factors and risk of stroke among 1842 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years and free of CVD at baseline in 1984-1989. ANCOVA and Cox regression models were used for the analyses. Whole serum desaturase activities were estimated as product: precursor ratios - gamma-linolenic acid: linoleic acid for D6D and arachidonic acid: dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid for D5D. Higher D6D activity was associated with higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, BMI, serum insulin and TAG concentrations and worse homoeostatic model assessment (HOMA) indices. In contrast, higher D5D activity was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure, BMI, serum insulin, LDL-cholesterol, TAG and C-reactive protein concentrations, higher HDL-cholesterol concentration, and better HOMA indices. During the mean follow-up of 21.2 years, 202 stroke cases occurred. Neither D6D activity (multivariable-adjusted extreme-quartile hazard ratios (HR) 1.18; 95% CI 0.80, 1.74) nor D5D activity (HR 1.06; 95% CI 0.70, 1.60) were associated with stroke risk. In conclusion, higher D5D activity was favourably associated and higher D6D activity unfavourably associated with several stroke risk factors, but not with the risk of incident stroke.
Mediterranean eating pattern among a Chinese population; BACKGROUND: Subjects with a Mediterranean eating pattern would be a low risk for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease.
CAN LINOLEIC-ACID AND GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID BE IMPORTANT IN CANCER-TREATMENT; This hypothesis proposes that the essential fatty acids (EFAs), linoleic acid (LA) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), play important roles in cancer treatment. Oxidation of LA by lipoxidase especially increases tumour cell death, whilst GLA inhibits urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) activity. Increased uPA activity is: firstly, responsible for cancer invasion and metastasis and secondly, responsible for proteolysis of lipoxidase which favours a decrease in cancer cell death. Addition of LA and GLA to available therapeutic regimens may be worth considering in cancer treatment.
A "poly-portfolio" for secondary prevention: A strategy to reduce subsequent events by up to 97% over five years; A "polypill" for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease has been proposed. We estimated the projected benefit of a secondary prevention "poly-portfolio" strategy, including pharmacologic and lifestyle approaches for those with coronary heart disease (CHD) or stroke. Based on recent clinical trial results and clinical guidelines, combinations of a high-dose statin, low to standard doses of anti hypertensive therapy, aspirin, omega-3 fish oil, cardiac rehabilitation, and diet were evaluated. Patients with CHD, post-myocardial infarction (MI), or stroke were projected to experience 84%, 91%, and 77% reductions, respectively, in CHD events from a pharmacologic approach. Numbers of those needed to treat (NNT) for 5 years were 9 to 11 to prevent 1 CHD event, and 21 to prevent 1 stroke. Post-MI patients were projected to experience a 93% reduction in the risk of CHD death (NNT 16) from a pharmacologic approach and a 97% reduction in the risk of CHD death (NNT 15) with the addition of lifestyle changes. A secondary prevention polyportfolio holds great promise for reducing the burden of cardiovascular disease in the highest risk patients. (C)2005 by Excerpta Medica Inc.
The effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids and antioxidant vitamins on atrial oxidative stress, nitrotyrosine residues, and connexins following extracorporeal circulation in patients undergoing cardiac surgery; Cardiac surgery with extracorporeal circulation is characterized by different degrees of myocardial ischemia/reperfusion, which is often associated with postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF). We have previously shown that a novel preventive therapy based on the reinforcement of the antioxidant system using omega-3 fatty acids plus antioxidant vitamin supplementation applied to patients undergoing cardiac surgery reduces POAF occurrence. We hypothesized that oxidative stress and nitrosative stress are involved in the development of an arrhythmogenic substrate by their effect on connexins (Cx40, Cx43 and Cx45) abundance and distribution pattern. Therefore, we have assessed the effect of redox status on atrial tissue in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. Placebo/POAF and supplemented/POAF patients showed 276 and 170% higher reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and 223 and 96% higher nitrotyrosine residues levels, respectively, compared to sinus rhythm (SR). In POAF tissue, antioxidant supplementation prevented Cx40 and Cx43 lateralization on cardiomyocyte sarcolemma, keeping them at the intercalated disks. POAF samples showed Cx40 heterogeneous distribution pattern, presenting tissue areas lacking this protein (49 and 55% lower levels in placebo/POAF and supplemented/POAF groups, respectively, compared to SR). Of note, Cx45 overexpression occurred in POAF, being 211 and 167% higher in placebo/POAF and supplemented/POAF groups, respectively, compared to SR. It is concluded that treatment with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidant vitamins reduces oxidative and nitrosative stress and prevents Cx40/Cx43 lateralization in atrial tissue likely contributing to POAF prevention. However, it failed to fully prevent POAF occurrence because these compounds have no effects on the normalization of Cx40 down-regulation and Cx45 up-regulation, which may promote POAF.
Physical activity, nutrition, and chronic heart failure; Chronic heart failure (CHF) is a highly prevalent syndrome and a burden for public health. Malnutrition, including its most severe form, cardiac cachexia, is an independent factor of mortality and morbidity. During the course of CHF, there is a loss of muscle mass and an impaired oxidative capacity of muscular mitochondria, together with a shift of type I oxidative to type II non-oxidative muscular fibers. These muscle changes are multifactorial, and result in physical exercise deconditioning. In CHF with reduced left ventricular ejection fraction, exercise training (ET) is well tolerated and improves exercise capacity, quality of life, and cardiovascular-related mortality. ET integrated into a global cardiac rehabilitation program is recommended by academic societies for CHF therapy. Cardiac rehabilitation centres offer ET programs combined with therapeutic education. In CHF-related malnutrition, ET or nutrition support alone, although insufficiently documented, seems to be ineffective. Specific care programs of multimodal rehabilitation enclosing ET, oral nutritional supplements, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and anabolizing androgens, could improve exercise capacity and clinical outcome in undernourished patients with moderate to severe CHF. The clinical trial NUTRICARD (ClinicalTrial.gov NCT #01864733) supported in part by the French Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism (SFNEP) is currently testing this hypothesis. (C) 2014 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Medical options to fight mortality in end-stage renal disease: a review of the literature; Many therapeutic strategies for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients have failed to exhibit survival improvement in large-scale randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The current review gives an overview on the medical strategies for treatment of ESRD patients that have previously been tested in RCTs with mortality reduction as pre-specified study endpoint. We identified 19 RCTs with the following therapeutic strategies: haematocrit increase by erythropoietin (n = 1), growth hormone application (n = 1), lipid-lowering by statins (n = 3), reninangiotensin system blockage (n = 4), beta-receptor blockage (n = 1), homocysteine lowering (n = 5), application of anti-oxidative substances (n = 2), omega-3-fatty-acid supplementation (n = 1) and calcium-free phosphate binders (n = 1). While several of these studies were able to demonstrate reductions in hard cardiovascular endpoints such as myocardial infarction, survival improvement in ESRD patients was demonstrated in only three studies. The substances tested in these three trials were telmisartan, candesartan and carvedilol. In summary, most pharmaceutical mono-interventions failed to reduce mortality in ESRD patients, i.e. a multi-morbid population. Apart from the issues relating to future trial design, this raises the question of whether we need multi-faceted interventions to improve this dismal situation. Until then, nephrologists are left with little evidence and lots of opinions.
DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID SYNTHESIS IN HUMAN SKIN FIBROBLASTS INVOLVES PEROXISOMAL RETROCONVERSION OF TETRACOSAHEXAENOIC ACID; The purpose of this study was to determine whether the formation of docosahexaenoic acid in human cells occurs through a pathway that involves 24-carbon n-3 fatty acid intermediates and retroconversion. Normal human skin fibroblasts synthesized radiolabeled docosahexaenoic acid from [1-C-14]18:3n-3, [3-C-14]22:5n-3, [3-C-14]24:5n-3, and [3-C-14]24:6n-3. The amount of docosahexaenoate formed was reduced in fibroblasts defective in peroxisomal biogenesis, by 90-100% in Zellweger's syndrome and by 50-75% in infantile Refsum's disease. Fatty acid elongation and desaturation were intact in these mutant cells. No decrease in radiolabeled docosahexaenoic acid production occurred in mutant fibroblasts defective in peroxisomal alpha-oxidation or mitochondrial beta-oxidation, or in normal fibroblasts treated with methyl palmoxirate to inhibit mitochondrial beta-oxidation. Therefore, the retroconversion step in docosahexaenoic acid formation occurs through peroxisomal beta-oxidation in normal human cells. These results demonstrate that the pathway for docosahexaenoic acid synthesis in human cells involves 24-carbon intermediates. The limited ability to synthesize docosahexaenoic acid may underlie some of the pathology that occurs in genetic diseases involving peroxisomal beta-oxidation.
Dietary fatty acids and peripheral artery disease in adults; Background: Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a debilitating condition involving atherosclerosis. Although saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids have strong associations with atherosclerosis, it is unclear if diets high in these fatty acids affect PAD.
Low plasma eicosapentaenoic acid concentration as a possible risk factor for intracerebral hemorrhage; N-3 fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), prevent ischemic stroke. The preventive effect has been attributed to an antithrombic effect induced by elevated EPA and reduced arachidonic acid (AA) levels. However, the relationship between intracranial hemorrhage and N-3 fatty acids has not yet been elucidated. In this cross-sectional study, we compared common clinical and lifestyle parameters between 70 patients with intracranial hemorrhages and 66 control subjects. The parameters included blood chemistry data, smoking, alcohol intake, fish consumption, and the incidences of underlying diseases. The comparisons were performed using the Mann-Whitney U test followed by multiple logistic regression analysis. Nonparametric tests revealed that the 70 patients with intracerebral hemorrhages exhibited significantly higher diastolic blood pressures and alcohol intakes and lower body mass indices, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels, EPA concentrations, EPA/AA ratios, and vegetable consumption compared with the 66 control subjects. A multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that higher diastolic blood pressure and alcohol intake and lower body mass index, HDL cholesterol, EPA/AA ratio, and vegetable consumption were relative risk factors for intracerebral hemorrhage. High HDL cholesterol was a common risk factor in both of the sex-segregated subgroups and the <65-year-old subgroup. However, neither EPA nor the EPA/AA ratio was a risk factor in these subgroups. Eicosapentaenoic acid was relative risk factor only in the >= 65-year-old subgroup. Rather than higher EPA levels, lower EPA concentrations and EPA/AA ratios were found to be risk factors for intracerebral hemorrhage in addition to previously known risk factors such as blood pressure, alcohol consumption, and lifestyle. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Triglycerides and risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: An update; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol is a well-known causal factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and is the primary target of lipid-lowering therapy. There is, however, still a substantial risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease events despite intensive statin therapy, and data from clinical trials suggest that an elevated concentration of triglycerides is a marker of residual cardiovascular risk on low-density lipoprotein-lowering therapy. Serum triglycerides are a biomarker for triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, and several lines of evidence indicate that triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their cholesterol-enriched remnant particles are associated with atherogenesis. Moreover, genetic data in humans strongly suggest that the remnants of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins are a causal cardiovascular risk factor. Although lifestyle changes remain the cornerstone of management of hypertriglyceridaemia, a recent trial with high doses of the omega-3 fatty acid icosapent ethyl showed a significant reduction in cardiovascular events that was not explained by the reduction in triglycerides alone. In patients with elevated triglycerides, several novel drugs are in development to reduce the residual risk on statin therapy linked to an excess of atherogenic triglyceride-rich lipoproteins. In this review, we provide an update on the biology, epidemiology and genetics of triglycerides, and the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. (C) 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Impact of Amerind ancestry and FADS genetic variation on omega-3 deficiency and cardiometabolic traits in Hispanic populations; Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) have critical signaling roles that regulate dyslipidemia and inflammation. Genetic variation in the FADS gene cluster accounts for a large portion of interindividual differences in circulating and tissue levels of LC-PUFAs, with the genotypes most strongly predictive of low LC-PUFA levels at strikingly higher frequencies in Amerind ancestry populations. In this study, we examined relationships between genetic ancestry and FADS variation in 1102 Hispanic American participants from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. We demonstrate strong negative associations between Amerind genetic ancestry and LC-PUFA levels. The FADS rs174537 single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) accounted for much of the AI ancestry effect on LC-PUFAs, especially for low levels of n-3 LC-PUFAs. Rs174537 was also strongly associated with several metabolic, inflammatory and anthropomorphic traits including circulating triglycerides (TGs) and E-selectin in MESA Hispanics. Our study demonstrates that Amerind ancestry provides a useful and readily available tool to identify individuals most likely to have FADS-related n-3 LC-PUFA deficiencies and associated cardiovascular risk.
The Differential Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: A Systematic Review; A large body of evidence supports the cardioprotective effects of the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). There is increasing interest in the independent effects of EPA and DHA in the modulation of cardiometabolic risk factors. This systematic review aims to appraise the latest available evidence of the differential effects of EPA and DHA on such risk factors. A systematic literature review was conducted up to May 2017. Randomised controlled trials were included if they met strict eligibility criteria, including EPA or DHA > 2 g/day and purity 90%. Eighteen identified articles were included, corresponding to six unique studies involving 527 participants. Both EPA and DHA lowered triglyceride concentration, with DHA having a greater triglyceride-lowering effect. Whilst total cholesterol levels were largely unchanged by EPA and DHA, DHA increased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentration, particularly HDL2, and increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration and LDL particle size. Both EPA and DHA inhibited platelet activity, whilst DHA improved vascular function and lowered heart rate and blood pressure to a greater extent than EPA. The effects of EPA and DHA on inflammatory markers and glycaemic control were inconclusive; however both lowered oxidative stress. Thus, EPA and DHA appear to have differential effects on cardiometabolic risk factors, but these need to be confirmed by larger clinical studies.
Expression of Bcl-2 and Bax after hippocampal ischemia in DHA plus EPA treated rats; To determine the impact of omega 3 fatty acids on post-ischemic expression of pro- and anti-apoptotic proteins in hippocampus, male rats were received 10 or 100 mg/kg [ Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) + Ecosapentaenoic acid (EPA); gavage; 21 days before ischemia to 2-10 days after ischemia]. Global cerebral ischemia reperfusion (IR) was performed using the four-vessel occlusion model; ischemia 8 min and reperfusion 6, 48 h and 10 days. IR increased Bcl-2 and Bax expression after 48 h (p < 0.05 and p < 0.01 vs. sham) and 10 days (only Bax; p < 0.05), without significant difference with DHA + EPA groups after 6 h. But after 48 h expression of Bcl-2 increased (p < 0.05 vs. IR) and Bax decreased (p < 0.05). At day 10 after ischemia expression of Bax in DHA + EPA acid groups was less than IR (p < 0.05) and in 100 mg/kg DHA + EPA group Bcl-2 expression was more than IR (p < 0.05). These data suggested that long-term gavage with DHA + EPA increase hippocampal neurons survival for days after ischemia, revealed by increased Bcl-2 and decreased Bax expressions.
The G-protein coupled receptor ChemR23 determines smooth muscle cell phenotypic switching to enhance high phosphate-induced vascular calcification; Aims Vascular calcification, a marker of increased cardiovascular risk, is an active process orchestrated by smooth muscle cells. Observational studies indicate that omega-3 fatty acids protect against vascular calcification, but the mechanisms are unknown. The G-protein coupled receptor ChemR23 transduces the resolution of inflammation induced by the omega-3-derived lipid mediator resolvin E1. ChemR23 also contributes to osteoblastic differentiation of stem cells and bone formation, but its role in vascular calcification is unknown. The aim of this study was to establish the role of ChemR23 in smooth muscle cell fate and calcification
Effect of fat composition on plasma fatty acid profile; Fatty acid plasma profile was assessed in 12 vegans, 25 lactoovovegetarians and 14 semivegetarians aged between 19 and 44 years. The results were compared with a group consisting of 23 omnivores. The alternative nutrition groups had significantly lower content of saturated fatty acids. Oleic acid content was similar to that of the omnivores. The group of vegetarians and vegans had significantly higher values of linoleic (n-6) and alpha-linolenic (n-3) acids constituting an abundant supply for fatty acid desaturation and elongation. The content of gamma-linolenic, dihamo-gamma-linolenic and arachidonic acids (n-6) was comparable to that of the omnivores in all alternative nutrition groups. The value of higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in lactoovovegetarians was equivalent to that of the omnivores, whereas it was increased in semivegetarians (consuming fish twice a week). Due to the low iron levels and to the total elimination of animal Eat from the diet the contents of eicosapentaenoic acid (n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (n-3) were significantly reduced in the vegans. The favourable plasma fatty acid profile and other lipid parameters in the alternative nutrition groups reflect the optimal nutrition composition with respect to the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Higher supply of alpha-linolenic acid in vegans for n-3 fatty acid formation and the negative influence of their values due to iron deficiency is an apparent discrepancy in vegan nutrition.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and eicosanoids in human health and pathologies; Linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids, obtained from plant material in the diet are the precursors in tissues of two families with opposing effects which are referred to as "essential fatty acids" (EFA): arachidonic acid (AA) and pentaene (eicosapentaenoic acid: EPA) and hexaene (docosahexaenoic acid: DHA) acids. The. role of EFA is crucial, without a source of AA or compounds which can be converted into AA, synthesis of prostaglandins (PGs) by a cyclooxygenase (COX) enzyme would be compromised, and this would seriously affect many normal metabolic processes. COX, also known as prostaglandin endoperoxide synthase (Pghs) or as prostaglandin G/H synthase, is a key membrane bound enzyme responsible for the oxidation of AA to PGs. Two COX isoforms have been identified, COX-1 and COX-2 that form PGH(2), a common precursor for the biosynthesis of thromboxane A(2) (TxA(2)), prostacyclin (PGI(2)) and PGs (PGD(2), PGE(2), PGF(2alpha). COX-1 enzyme is expressed constitutively in most cells and tissues. Its expression remains constant under either physiological or pathological conditions controlling synthesis of those PGs primarily involved in the regulation of homeostatic functions. In contrast, COX-2 is an intermediate response gene that encodes a 71-kDa protein. COX-2 is normally absent from most cells but highly inducible in certain cells in response to inflammatory stimuli resulting in enhanced PG release. PGs formed by COX-2 primarily mediate pain and inflammation but have multiple effects that can favour tumorigenesis. They are more abundant in cancers than in normal tissues from which the cancers arise. COX-2 is a participant in the pathway of colon carcinogenesis, especially when mutation of the APC (Adenomatous Polyposis Coli) tumour suppressor gene is the initiating event. In addition, COX-2 up-regulation and elevated PGE(2) levels are involved in breast carcinogenesis. It seems that there is a correlation between COX-2 level of expression and the size of the tumours and their propensity to invade underlying tissue. Inhibition by non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) of COX enzymes which significantly suppress PGE2 levels, reduced breast cancer incidence and protected against colorectal cancer. Therefore it is suggested that consumption of a diet enriched in n-3 PUFA (specifically EPA and DHA) and inhibition of COX-2 by NSAIDs may confer cardioprotective effects and provide a significant mechanism for the prevention and treatment of human cancers. (C) 2002 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Intestinal Failure-Associated Liver Disease and Eicosapentaenoic Acid/Arachidonic Acid Ratio; Intestinal failure-associated liver disease (IFALD) is a fatal complication of short bowel syndrome managed with parenteral nutrition. A clinical cohort study reported the usefulness of parenteral administration of fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids in improving IFALD; however, no biomarker has been developed as yet. The authors report the case of a preterm infant with IFALD complicated by extensive short bowel syndrome. Intravenous administration of omega-3 fatty acids were introduced using Omegaven (R) at the age of 4 mo for IFALD. The IFALD improved with an increase in Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/ Arachidonic acid (AA) ratio (from 0.08 to 1.99) 7 d after the intravenous treatment. It is important to administer omega-3 fatty acids intravenously at an early stage for IFALD associated with extensive short bowel syndrome. A low EPA/AA ratio may be a serum marker of disease activity in IFALD.
Dietary Fat and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: Recent Controversies and Advances; Health effects of dietary fats have been extensively studied for decades. However, controversies exist on the effects of various types of fatty acids, especially saturated fatty acid (SFA), on cardiovascular disease (CVD). Current evidence supports that different types of dietary fatty acids have divergent effects on CVD risk, and the effects also depend strongly on the comparison or replacement macronutrient. A significant reduction in CVD risk can be achieved if SFAs are replaced by unsaturated fats, especially polyunsaturated fatty acids. Intake of industrially produced trans fat is consistently associated with higher CVD risk. Both n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with lower CVD risk, although the effects of fish oil supplementation remains inconsistent. The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans place greater emphasis on types of dietary fat than total amount of dietary fat and recommend replacing SFAs with unsaturated fats, especially polyunsaturated fatty acids for CVD prevention.
Alcohol consumption and cardiovascular risk: mechanisms of action and epidemiologic perspectives; An inverse association between moderate alcohol intake and cardiovascular risk, in particular coronary disease and ischemic stroke, has been demonstrated in many epidemiologic studies. In addition, several not primarily vascular diseases are also known to occur less frequently in moderate drinkers than in nondrinkers, whereas excess drinking is unquestionably harmful. As a consequence, strong concern exists on the possibility that at any dosage the benefit of alcohol could overcome its harmful effects. Alcohol affects several biochemical factors that have potential cardioprotective benefits, including lipids, platelet aggregation, fibrinogen, tissue-plasminogen activator, plasminogen-activator inhibitor and omega-3 fatty acids. Wine possibly acts through mechanisms that might provide additional cardiovascular benefits. Mechanisms supporting the protective effect of moderate alcohol intake against cardiovascular disease, and epidemiologic evidence concerning the relationship between alcohol dosing and vascular and all-cause mortality are discussed in this review.
The impact of exogenous ω-6 and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the induced production of pro- and anti-inflammatory prostaglandins and leukotrienes in Atlantic salmon head kidney cells using a full factorial design and LC-MS/MS; The production of prostaglandins (PGE(2), PGE(3)) and leukotrienes (LTB4, LTB5) in salmon head kidney cell cultures, exposed to different combinations of 20:4 omega-6,20:5 omega-3 and 22:6 omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), was evaluated by means of a two level factorial design and LC-MS/MS. The method was selective for the pro- and anti-inflammatory analytes and their corresponding stable-isotope labelled internal standards. The regression models were linear over the concentration range 0.5-150 ng/ml with limits of detection of 0.25 ng/ml and quantification of 0.40 ng/ml for the analysed metabolites. The recovery ranged from 78 to 107% for prostaglandins and 73 to 115% for leukotrienes. The analysis of the samples exposed to different combinations of PUFAs revealed that the presence of single omega-3 PUFAs brought an enhancement of the metabolites from the lipooxygenase pathway, specially LTB4, and a reduction of the metabolites from the cyclooxygenase pathway (PGE(2) and PGE(3)), while the two-term interactions generated the opposite effect (high concentration of prostaglandins and low concentrations of leukotrienes). To our knowledge, this is the first implementation of a fully crossed design for investigating the impact of omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs on the production of eicosanoids not only through their individual but also through their combined effects on Atlantic salmon head kidney cells. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Prior supplementation with long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids promotes weight loss in obese adults: a double-blinded randomised controlled trial; Obesity has been linked with low levels of omega-3 fatty acids. Generally, intervention studies have failed to establish benefits of supplementation with omega-3PUFA in reducing body weight or fat mass in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with LC omega-3PUFA alone, then consumed concomitantly with a very low energy diet (VLED), facilitated weight loss, improvements in blood lipids and positive changes to inflammatory mediators. This was a double blind randomised controlled trial with two parallel groups. For 4 weeks of prior supplementation, one group consumed 6 x 1 g capsules per day monounsaturated oil (placebo), the other group consumed 6 x 1 g capsules per day LC omega-3PUFA (fish oil) each comprising 70 mg EPA and 270 mg DHA, while consuming their usual diet. Each group continued with their supplements for another 4 weeks while both groups followed a VLED regimen (n = 19 placebo, n = 20 fish oil). Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3-day food diaries were collected at baseline, at 4 weeks and at 8 weeks. At 4 weeks levels of EPA and DHA increased two-fold in the fish oil group (P < 0.001), with no significant changes to anthropometric measurements for either group. At 8 weeks a significant 3-way interaction between time, group and gender was observed for percentage reduction in weight, F(1,35) = 5.55, P = 0.024, and BMI, F(1,35) = 5.3, P = 0.027 with a greater percentage decrease for females in FO compared to PB for weight (-7.21% vs. -5.82%) and BMI (-7.43% vs. -5.91%) respectively (P < 0.05 for both). It would appear that supplementation with LC omega-3PUFA had a time dependent effect on weight loss in females.
EFFECTS OF DIFFERENT DIETARY <i>n</i>-6:<i>n</i>-3 PUFA RATIOS ON GROWTH PERFORMANCE, BLOOD LIPID PROFILES, FATTY ACID COMPOSITION OF PORK, CARCASS TRAITS AND MEAT QUALITY IN FINISHING PIGS; A total of 72 crossbred pigs [(Landrace x Yorkshire) x Duroc] with an average initial BW of 51.59 +/- 1.59 kg were used in this 10-wk feeding trial to investigate the effects of different dietary n-6: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) ratios in finishing pigs. Pigs were randomly allotted to 3 dietary treatments (each n=24) with 6 replications and 4 pigs per pen (2 barrows and 2 gilts). Pigs were fed a corn-soybean meal-based diets formulated by replacing soybean oil with linseed oil to achieve n-6: n-3 close to 5: 1, 10: 1 and 15: 1, respectively. The growth performance, carcass traits and meat quality parameters (meat color, sensory evaluation, cooking loss, drip loss, pH, longissimus muscle area and water holding capacity) were not influenced (P>0.10) by various dietary n-6: n-3 ratios. Pigs fed dietary n-6: n-3 PUFA ratios of 5: 1 had a lower (P<0.05) serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels. The concentrations of n-3 PUFA, including C18: 3n-3, C22: 5n-3 and C22: 6n-3 were improved (P<0.05) in the longissimus dorsi muscles of pigs fed dietary n-6: n-3 PUFA ratios of 5: 1. Furthermore, pigs fed dietary n-6: n-3 PUFA ratio of 5: 1 decreased (P<0.05) the n-6 concentrations (C18: 2n-6 and C20: 4n-6) of longissimus dorsi muscles. In conclusion, lowering the dietary n-6: n-3 ratios to 5: 1 could be beneficial for the blood lipid profiles, and improve the nutritional value of pork, without adverse effect on growth performance and meat quality parameters that are related to the consumer acceptance.
Effects of Indonesian Shortfin Eel (<i>Anguilla bicolor</i>) By-Product Oil Supplementation on HOMA-IR and Lipid Profile in Obese Male Wistar Rats; The prevalence of people being overweight and obese has increased globally over the past decades. The use of omega-3 fatty acids-a compound usually primarily found in fish oil-has been known to improve the metabolic profile of obese patients. As the demand for eels increases, the number of waste products from the eels increases and creates environmental problems. This study was conducted to investigate the effect of a newly discovered Indonesian Shortfin eel by-product oil supplementation on the Homeostasis Model Assessment-Estimated Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) and lipid profiles of obese male (Lee index >= 0.3) Wistar rats (Rattus norvegicus). The oil was extracted from waste products (heads). Fifteen obese rats were divided into three groups and were administered NaCl (C), commercial fish oil (CO), and Indonesian shortfin eel by-product oil (EO). All groups had statistically significant differences in total cholesterol, LDL, and triglyceride levels (p < 0.05). The CO and EO group showed a significant decrease in total cholesterol, LDL, and triglyceride after treatment. However, no significant difference was found in HDL levels and HOMA-IR. The supplementation of Indonesian shortfin eel by-product oil significantly improved lipid profile while effectively mitigating environmental challenges.
A new predictor of risk for sudden cardiac death; Background. Long-chain fatty acids, particularly omega-3 fatty acids found primarily in fish oil, are beneficial in different physiological conditions in the human body. High intake of omega-3 fatty acids has been found to have a strong inverse relationship to sudden cardiac death. An index showing the relationship between different fatty acids in the blood could be an important risk indicator for sudden cardiac death.
Role of no table salt on hypertension and stroke based on large sample size from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey database; Background To assess the associations between no table salt and hypertension or stroke. Methods The data of 15,352 subjects were collected from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) database. All subjects were divided into no hypertension or stroke group (n = 10,894), hypertension group (n = 5888), stroke group (n = 164) and hypertension and stroke group (n = 511). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to measure the associations of salt type used with hypertension and stroke and co-variables were respectively adjusted in different models. Results After adjusting age and gender, other salt intake was associated with 1.88-fold risk of hypertension (OR = 1.88, 95%CI: 1.44-2.46) and no table salt was associated with 1.30-fold risk of hypertension (OR = 1.30, 95%CI: 1.15-1.47). After adjusting age, gender, race, BMI, PIR, marital status, CVDs, whether doctors' told them to reduce salt, and diabetes, the risk of hypertension was 1.23-fold increase in no table salt group (OR = 1.23, 95%CI: 1.04-1.46). After the adjustment of age and gender, the risk of hypertension and stroke was 3.33-fold increase (OR = 3.33, 95%CI: 2.12-5.32) in other salt intake group and 1.43-fold increase (OR = 1.43, 95%CI:1.17-1.74) in no table salt group. Conclusion Other salt intake or no table salt were associated with a higher risk of hypertension or hypertension and stroke.
Chia (<i>Salvia hispanica</i>): A Systematic Review by the Natural Standard Research Collaboration; Objective: To evaluate the scientific evidence on chia (Salvia hispanica) including history, folkloric precedent, expert opinion, pharmacology, dosing, interactions, adverse effects, and toxicology. This review serves as a clinical support tool.
The atherosclerotic risk profile is affected differently by fish flesh with a similar EPA and DHA content but different n-6/n-3 ratio; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consuming gilthead sea bream fillets, with different n-6/n-3 ratios, on atherosclerotic biomarkers. Twenty healthy subjects were included in a randomised single-blinded cross-over trial. Participants were randomized into 2 groups, both of which received approximately 630 g per week of gilthead sea bream fed with either 100% fishmeal (FM) or partial replacement with plant proteins (PP) over two consecutive 10 week periods, respectively. Group A consumed firstly the FM fillets followed by the PP fillets, whereas the reverse order was adopted for group B. Group A reported a significant decrease of 29.3% (Delta = -26 mg/dL) in total cholesterol after the first phase of the intervention, before returning to baseline levels after the dietary intervention with fish fed with PP. Similarly, in group A, both LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides decreased significantly by 21.6% (Delta = 19 mg/dL) and 11.7% (Delta = -10.7 mg/dL), respectively, before increasing again after the intervention. Improvements in the inflammatory cytokines, interleukin-6 and -8 were also noted. Moreover, whole blood viscosity appeared significantly improved in group A, as seen by a significant increase of 7.59% (Delta = +4.59 mPA) for erythrocyte filtration rate. In conclusion, similar EPA+DHA content with different n-6/n-3 ratio fish flesh intake was shown to have varied affects on lipid, inflammatory and haemorheological parameters in a group of healthy subjects.
Spatial Variability in COVID-19 Mortality; COVID-19 emerged as a global pandemic in the spring of 2020. Since that time, the disease has resulted in approximately 150 million cases and 3 million deaths worldwide. However, there is significant spatial variation in the rate of mortality from COVID-19. Here, we briefly explore spatial variations in COVID-19 mortality by country groupings and propose possible explanations for the differences observed. Specifically, we find that there is a statistically significant difference in COVID-19 mortality between countries grouped into categories based on (1) developed, primarily western diets and healthcare systems; (2) "Scandinavian" countries with advanced healthcare systems and generally anti-inflammatory diets, and (3) developing countries. We do not infer causality but believe that the observed associations provide hypotheses for future research investigations. Moreover, our results add further evidence to support additional exploration of vitamin D exposure/status and COVID-19 mortality.
Effects of Vitamin D, Omega-3 Fatty Acids and a Home Exercise Program on Prevention of Pre-Frailty in Older Adults: The DO-HEALTH Randomized Clinical Trial; BACKGROUND: The benefits of supplemental vitamin D3, marine omega-3 fatty acids, and a simple home exercise program (SHEP) on frailty prevention in generally healthy community-dwelling older adults are unclear.
PLATELET FATTY-ACIDS IN ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; Platelets from 24 patients with ECG and enzyme confirmed myocardial infarctions are analyzed for fatty acid content by GLC. A higher saturated fatty acid to unsaturated fatty acid ratio is found in patients with ischemic heart disease, suggesting a pathological lipid alteration leading to platelet hyperfunction and thrombosis. A diet rich in saturated fatty acids is proposed to contribute to platelet lipid alterations.
CARDIOVASCULAR DEATHS AMONG ALASKAN NATIVES, 1980-86; Average annual, age-adjusted death rates from cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerosis from 1980-86 among Alaskan Natives were lower than rates among other Alaskans (162.0 vs 242.1; RR = 0.67), while death rates from other causes were higher (954.4 vs 618.6; RR = 1.54). These suggest that Alaskan Natives have less cardiovascular disease than other populations. Additional research on the role of marine omega-3 fatty acids is needed.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Impact on Clinical Outcomes in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients With Dyslipidemia: Subanalysis of HIJ-PROPER; Background-This study aimed to examine the impact of baseline eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to arachidonic acid (AA) ratio on clinical outcomes of patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Serum nonesterified fatty acids have utility as dietary biomarkers of fat intake from fish, fish oil, and dairy in women[S]; Nutritional studies rely on various biological specimens for FA determination, yet it is unclear how levels of serum NEFAs correlate with other circulating lipid pools. Here, we used a high-throughput method (<4 min/sample) based on multisegment injection-nonaqueous capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (MSI-NACE-MS) to investigate whether specific serum NEFAs have utility as biomarkers of dietary fat intake in women. We first identified circulating NEFAs correlated with long-term/habitual food intake among pregnant women with contrasting dietary patterns (n = 50). Acute changes in serum NEFA trajectories were also studied in nonpregnant women (n = 18) following high-dose (5 g/day) fish oil (FO) supplementation or isoenergetic sunflower oil placebo over 56 days. In the cross-sectional study, serum omega-3 FAs correlated with self-reported total omega-3 daily intake, notably EPA as its NEFA (r = 0.46; P = 0.001), whereas pentadecanoic acid was associated with full-fat dairy intake (r = 0.43; P = 0.002), outcomes consistent with results from total FA serum hydrolysates. In the intervention cohort, serum omega-3 NEFAs increased 2.5-fold from baseline within 28 days following FO supplementation, and this increase was most pronounced for EPA (P = 0.0004). Unlike for DHA, circulating EPA as its NEFA also strongly correlated to EPA concentrations measured from erythrocyte phospholipid hydrolysates (r = 0.66; P = 4.6 x 10(-10)) and was better suited to detect dietary nonadherence. We conclude that MSI-NACE-MS offers a rapid method to quantify serum NEFAs and objectively monitor dietary fat intake in women that is complementary to food-frequency questionnaires.
Omega-6 fatty acids: Opposing associations with risk-The Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study; BACKGROUND: Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-6 PUFA) are recommended in European cardiovascular prevention guidelines. However, individual fatty acids have distinct biological functions, and there have been conflicting reports about the association of omega-6 PUFA with cardiovascular risk.
The role of different nutrients in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases; Cardiovascular health is a hot topic around the world, and as the incidence of cardiovascular disease increases each year, people are increasingly focusing on the management of their heart health. Dietary and lifestyle changes as non-pharmacological treatments have been increasingly recognized as important in the prevention of cardiovascular disease and in reducing the risk of cardiovascular accidents. Awareness of different nutrients and their effects on cardiovascular health is important for establishing a good dietary pattern. This review summarizes the effects of the five major nutrients in the daily diet, namely carbohydrates, proteins, dietary fats, vitamins, and minerals, on cardiovascular health, and aims to provide a more comprehensive understanding of the effects of a healthy dietary pattern on cardiovascular health.
Energy stress inhibits ferroptosis via AMPK; Energy stress disturbs cellular homeostasis and induces cell death. Our recent study revealed that ferroptosis (a non-apoptotic cell death) is an energy-requiring process, and energy stress-mediated activation of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) inhibits ferroptosis. Mechanistically, AMPK regulates ferroptosis through acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biosynthesis.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Cancer Cell Cytotoxicity: Implications for Multi-Targeted Cancer Therapy; Cancer is a major disease worldwide. Despite progress in cancer therapy, conventional cytotoxic therapies lead to unsatisfactory long-term survival, mainly related to development of drug resistance by tumor cells and toxicity towards normal cells. n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), can exert anti-neoplastic activity by inducing apoptotic cell death in human cancer cells either alone or in combination with conventional therapies. Indeed, n-3 PUFAs potentially increase the sensitivity of tumor cells to conventional therapies, possibly improving their efficacy especially against cancers resistant to treatment. Moreover, in contrast to traditional therapies, n-3 PUFAs appear to cause selective cytotoxicity towards cancer cells with little or no toxicity on normal cells. This review focuses on studies investigating the cytotoxic activity of n-3 PUFAs against cancer cells via apoptosis, analyzing the molecular mechanisms underlying this effective and selective activity. Here, we highlight the multiple molecules potentially targeted by n-3 PUFAs to trigger cancer cell apoptosis. This analysis can allow a better comprehension of the potential cytotoxic therapeutic role of n-3 PUFAs against cancer, providing specific information and support to design future pre-clinical and clinical studies for a better use of n-3 PUFAs in cancer therapy, mainly combinational therapy.
Exploring the mechanism of Yixinyin for myocardial infarction by weighted co-expression network and molecular docking; Yixinyin, the traditional Chinese medicine, has the effects of replenishing righteous qi, and promoting blood circulation to eliminate blood stagnation. It is often used to treat patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI). The purpose of our study is to explore the key components and targets of Yixinyin in the treatment of MI. In this study, we analyzed gene expression data and clinical information from 248 samples of MI patients with the GSE34198, GSE29111 and GSE66360 data sets. By constructing a weighted gene co-expression network, gene modules related to myocardial infarction are obtained. These modules can be mapped in Yixinyin PPI network. By integrating differential genes of healthy/MI and unstable angina/MI, key targets of Yixinyin for the treatment of myocardial infarction were screened. We validated the key objectives with external data sets. GSEA analysis is used to identify the biological processes involved in key targets. Through molecular docking screening, active components that can combine with key targets in Yixinyin were obtained. In the treatment of myocardial infarction, we have obtained key targets of Yixinyin, which are ALDH2, C5AR1, FOS, IL1B, TLR2, TXNRD1. External data sets prove that they behave differently in the healthy and MI (P < 0.05). GSEA enrichment analysis revealed that they are mainly involved in pathways associated with myocardial infarction, such as viral myocarditis, VEGF signaling pathway and type I diabetes mellitus. The docking results showed that the components that can be combined with key targets in YixinYin are Supraene, Prostaglandin B1, isomucronulatol-7,2 '-di-O-glucosiole, angusifolin B, Linolenic acid ethyl ester, and Mandenol. For that matter, they may be active ingredients of Yixinyin in treating MI. These findings provide a basis for the preliminary research of myocardial infarction therapy in traditional Chinese medicine and provide ideas for the design of related drugs.
Nutritional Recommendations for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention; Lifestyle factors, including nutrition, play an important role in the etiology of Cardiovascular Disease (CVD). This position paper, written by collaboration between the Israel Heart Association and the Israel Dietetic Association, summarizes the current, preferably latest, literature on the association of nutrition and CVD with emphasis on the level of evidence and practical recommendations. The nutritional information is divided into three main sections: dietary patterns, individual food items, and nutritional supplements. The dietary patterns reviewed include low carbohydrate diet, low-fat diet, Mediterranean diet, and the DASH diet. Foods reviewed in the second section include: whole grains and dietary fiber, vegetables and fruits, nuts, soy, dairy products, alcoholic drinks, coffee and caffeine, tea, chocolate, garlic, and eggs. Supplements reviewed in the third section include salt and sodium, omega-3 and fish oil, phytosterols, antioxidants, vitamin D, magnesium, homocysteine-reducing agents, and coenzyme Q10.
Modulation of enzymatic activities by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to support cardiovascular health; Epidemiological evidence from Greenland Eskimos and Japanese fishing villages suggests that eating fish oil and marine animals can prevent coronary heart disease. Dietary studies from various laboratories have similarly indicated that regular fish oil intake affects several humoral and cellular factors involved in atherogenesis and may prevent atherosclerosis, arrhythmia, thrombosis, cardiac hypertrophy and sudden cardiac death. The beneficial effects of fish oil are attributed to their n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA; also known as omega-3 fatty acids) content, particularly eicosapentaerroic acid (EPA; 20:5, n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6, n-3). Dietary supplementation of DHA and EPA influences the fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids that, in turn, may affect cardiac cell functions in vivo. Recent studies have demonstrated that long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may exert beneficial effects by affecting a wide variety of cellular signaling mechanisms. Pathways involved in calcium homeostasis in the heart may be of particular importance. L-type calcium channels, the Na+-Ca2+ exchanger and mobilization of calcium from intracellular stores are the most obvious key signaling pathways affecting the cardiovascular system; however, recent studies now suggest that other signaling pathways involving activation of phospholipases, synthesis of eicosanoids, regulation of receptor-associated enzymes and protein kinases also play very important roles in mediating n-3 PUFA effects on cardiovascular health. This review is therefore focused on the molecular targets and signaling pathways that are regulated by n-3 PUFAs in relation to their cardioprotective effects. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Translating plasma eicosapentaenoic acid concentrations into erythrocyte percentages of eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid during treatment with icosapent ethyl; BACKGROUND: The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) study demonstrated that 4 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl esters (icosapent ethyl [IPE]) reduced risk for major cardiovascular events by 25% in statin-treated patients with residual hypertriglyceridemia. How this treatment affected red blood cell (RBC) EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels (ie, the Omega-3 Index [O3I]) was not reported, but effects on plasma EPA concentrations were reported.
Essential fatty acids in Atlantic salmon: effects of increasing dietary doses of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids on growth, survival and fatty acid composition of liver, blood and carcass; Atlantic salmon fry (4 g) were fed for 4 months on semi-synthetic diets containing fatty acid methyl esters of either 18:2 n-6, 18:3 n-3 or a mixture of equal amounts of 20:5 n-3 and 22:6 n-3. The different amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids added were 0, 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1 and 2% (by dry weight). Increasing levels of dietary n-3 fatty acids up to 1% gave faster growth rates in salmon fry, and fish fed the mixture of 20:5 n-3 and 22:6 n-3 seemed to grow faster than fish fed only 18:3 n-3. No significant effect on growth rate was seen when the dietary level of 18:2 n-6 was increased. Dietary inclusions of n-3 fatty acids reduced the mortality of salmon, while dietary 18:2 n-6 had no such beneficial effects.
Role of Calcium and ROS in Cell Death Induced by Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Murine Thymocytes; We investigated the mechanisms whereby omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) cause cell death of mouse thymocytes using flow cytometry, focusing on the respective roles of intracellular calcium concentration, [Ca2(+)](i) and reactive oxygen species (ROS). We applied the C-22, 20, and 18 carbon omega-3 (DHA, EPA, ALA) and omega-6 (DTA, ARA, and LNA) fatty acids to isolated thymocytes and monitored cell death using the DNA-binding dye, propidium iodide. When applied at 20 mu M concentration, omega-3 fatty acids killed thymocytes over a period of I h with a potency of DHA > EPA > ALA. The omega-6 PUFAs were more potent. The C18 omega-6 fatty acid, LNA, was the most potent, followed by DHA and ARA. Cell death was always accompanied by an increase in the levels of [Ca2+](i) and ROS. Both increases were in proportion to the potency of the PUFAs in inducing cell death. Removing extracellular calcium did not prevent the elevation in [Ca2+](i) nor cell death. However, the intracellular calcium chelator, BAPTA, almost totally reduced both the elevation in [Ca2+](i) and cell death, while vitamin E reduced the elevation in ROS and cell death. BAPTA also prevented the elevation in ROS, but vitamin E did not prevent the elevation in [Ca2+](i). Thapsigargin, which depletes endoplasmic reticulum calcium, blocked the elevation in [Ca2+](i), but CCCP, a mitochondrial calcium uptake inhibitor, did not. These results suggest that the six PUFAs we studied kill thymocytes by causing release of calcium from endoplasmic reticulum, which causes release of ROS from mitochondria which leads to cell death. J. Cell. Physiol. 225: 829-836, 2010. (C) 2010 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Fatty Acid Profile of Indian Shad <i>Tenualosa ilisha</i> Oil and its Dietary Significance; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consumption is known to be associated with a number of health benefits and fish oils, especially marine, are rich in PUFAs. Tenualosa ilisha, a highly preferred food fish in South-Asian countries, is rich in oils; however, information on fatty acid profiles of different size-groups of hilsa is scanty. In the present investigation, information on fatty acid profiles of different size groups of hilsa has been generated. Analysis showed that medium-sized fish contained the highest amount of unsaturated fatty acids as well as omega-3 PUFAs, EPA plus DHA and the lowest amount of saturated fatty acids (SFAs). PUFA content was highest in small-sized hilsa; however, omega-3 PUFA content was lower and SFAs content was higher than medium-sized fish. In large-sized fish, although omega-3/omega-6 ratio was highest, quantitatively they contained the lowest amount of PUFAs and highest amount of SFAs. Thus, on basis of fatty acid profiles, medium-sized hilsa is the best followed by the small-sized fish for human health and nutrition.
Prevention of fatal cardiac arrhythmias by polyunsaturated fatty acids; In animal feeding studies, and probably in humans, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) prevent fatal ischemia-induced cardiac arrhythmias. We showed that n-3 PUFAs also prevented such arrhythmias in surgically prepared, conscious, exercising dogs. The mechanism of the antiarrhythmic action of n-3 PUFAs has been studied in spontaneously contracting cultured cardiac myocytes of neonatal rats. Adding arrhythmogenic toxins (eg, ouabain, high Ca2+, lysophosphatidylcholine, beta-adrenergic agonist, acylcarnitine, and the Ca2+ ionophore) to the myocyte perfusate caused tachycardia, contracture, and fibrillation of the cultured myocytes. Adding eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA: 5-15 mu mol/L) to the superfusate before adding the toxins prevented the expected tachyarrhythmias. If the arrhythmias were first induced, adding the EPA to the superfusate terminated the arrhythmias. This antiarrhythmic action occurred with dietary n-3 and n-6 PUFAs; saturated fatty acids and the monounsaturated oleic acid induced no such action. Arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4n-6) is anomalous because in one-third of the tests it provoked severe arrhythmias, which were found to result from cyclooxygenase metabolites of AA. When cyclooxygenase inhibitors were added with the AA, the antiarrhythmic effect was like those of EPA and DHA. The action of the n-3 and n-6 PUFAs is to stabilize electrically every myocyte in the heart by increasing the electrical stimulus required to elicit an action potential by approximate to 50% and prolonging the relative refractory time by approximate to 150%. These electrophysiologic effects result from an action of the free PUFAs to modulate sodium and calcium currents in the myocytes. The PUFAs also modulate sodium and calcium channels and have anticonvulsant activity in brain cells.
Maternal plasma PUFA concentrations during pregnancy and childhood adiposity: the Generation R Study; Background: Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) concentrations during pregnancy may have persistent effects on growth and adiposity in the offspring. A suboptimal maternal diet during pregnancy might lead to fetal cardiometabolic adaptations with persistent consequences in the offspring.
Atorvastatin combined with poly-unsaturated fatty acid confers better improvement of dyslipidemia and endothelium function; Background: Atorvastatin and poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) are beneficial for lipid-modification, whether atorvastatin plus PUFA could confer better improvement on dyslipidemia and endothelium function is unknown.
Dietary fish as a major component of a weight-loss diet: effect on serum lipids, glucose, and insulin metabolism in overweight hypertensive subjects; Background: Obesity in hypertensive patients is associated with dyslipidemia and insulin resistance, both of which are improved by weight control. n-3 Fatty acids have diverse effects on mechanisms underlying atherosclerosis, including a decrease in serum triacylglycerols and an increase in HDL, cholesterol.
Fish consumption and cardiovascular diseases; Population studies indicate that a high intake of fish, such as reported in the early Eskimo. and Japanese studies,, is associated with a low mortality of coronary heart disease (CHD). This has been associated with measurable effects. on a series of established and possible risk factors. A much lower daily intake of fish was recorded in most of the later population studies and had only small or unmeasurable effects on established risk factors. However; the association of fish intake with reduced CHD mortality, particularly sudden cardiac death, seems to be reasonably well established. Beneficial effects are found at a level of consumption of about 30 g per day, or one fish meal per week compared with populations rarely or never consuming fish. Such findings are also reflected in studies that include analysis of fatty acid composition in adipose tissue and cell membranes. Furthermore, there seem to be indications. that fish consumption has a significant association with a low mortality in population groups with a high risk for CHD, whereas. in low-risk populations this association is less impressive. Not all observational studies, however, observed a significant association between fish intake and CHD mortality. Population studies on fish consumption and consumption of omega-3 fatty acids have several limitations which may explain these discrepant results. Not all observational studies have included confounding factors in their statistical analysis and residual confounding is likely in nearly all studies. Fish consumption may be a marker for a healthier lifestyle or, alternatively, fish consumers may be at higher self-perceived risk for CHD and are therefore eating fish to reduce their high baseline risk. Other dietary factors may be associated with fish consumption and many studies include only a single measure of fish consumption and, thus, have no ability to account for changes in intake over time. (C) 2001 The European Society of Cardiology.
Cytotoxicity of combined essential fatty acids on a human prostate cancer cell line; In this study the effect of single and concomitantly added n-6 or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was investigated on human prostate cells. Data obtained from the single fatty acids (FAs) experiments showed that except for oleic acid (OA), arachidonic (AA) and linoleic acid (LA), which had very little (less than 10% cells dead) effect on the cells, an increase in dead cells was observed at physiological concentrations of, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA). However, this was not the case when combining these acids at physiological concentrations. A slight increase in cell death was only obtained with three combinations of ALA, namely with AA, OA, or GLA. Other combinations with ALA, such as with LA or EPA, had respectively no effect on cell number or increased the cell number by causing less cells to die. Other PUFAs combinations tested, did not show the three groups mentioned with ALA, but only the last two types, namely, no effect, or a decrease in the amount of cell death. The latter might mean that the FA combination had stimulated the cells, since a decrease in the amount of dead cells was observed. Therefore, it is concluded that the characteristics of combined FAs may differ from single FAs, which may explain some controversies in the literature and in response to treatments. (C) 1999 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Free Fatty Acids and Their Inflammatory Derivatives Affect BDNF in Stroke Patients; Objective. The neurotrophin brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) affects poststroke functional outcome, neurogenesis, neuroprotection, and neuroplasticity. Its level is related to the diet and nutritional status, and more specifically, it is free fatty acids (FFAs) and eicosanoids that can have an impact on the BDNF level. The aim of this study was to analyze the potential impact of FFAs and eicosanoids on the BDNF level in stroke patients. Material and Methods. Seventy-three ischemic stroke patients were prospectively enrolled in the study. Laboratory tests were performed in all subjects, including the levels of FFAs, eicosanoids, and BDNF. FFAs and inflammatory metabolites were determined by gas chromatography and liquid chromatography, while BDNF was evaluated by the immune-enzymatic method (ELISA). Results. The plasma level of BDNF negatively correlated with C22:1n9 13 erucic acid, C18:3n3 linolenic acid (ALA), and lipoxin A4 15-epi-LxA4. A direct association was observed in relation to BDNF and C16:1 palmitoleic acid and C20:3n6 eicosatrienoic acid (dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA)). Conclusions. Saturated fatty acids and omega-3 and omega-9 erucic acids can affect signaling in the BDNF synthesis resulting in the decrease in BDNF. There is a beneficial effect of DGLA on the BDNF level, while the effect of ALA on BDNF can be inhibitory. Specialized proresolving lipid mediators can play a role in the BDNF metabolism. BDNF can interact with inflammation as the risk factor in the cardiovascular disorders, including stroke.
Extended lipid profile in Romanian ischemic stroke patients in relation to stroke severity and outcome: a path analysis model; Introduction: Our aim was to evaluate the extended lipid profile in ischemic stroke patients and the relationship with stroke type, severity and outcome.
EFFECT OF UNSATURATED FATTY ACID SUPPLEMENTS UPON MORTALITY AND CLOTTING PARAMETERS IN RATS FED THROMBOGENIC DIETS; The adhesive -ness property of blood platelets has been implicated in the development of thrombosis; therefore platelet adhesiveness and other clotting parameters were studied in rats receiving the Thomas-Hartroft diet as such and as modified by supplementation with unsaturated fatty acids. Rats receiving the Thomas-Hartroft thrombogenic diet for 4 months were found to have decreased platelet adhesiveness, thromboplastin generation and platelet count. Since platelet adhesiveness is reported to increase in coronary-prone individuals, the thrombogenic diet studied does not appear to produce changes characteristic of the thrombotic tendency in man. The mortality of rats receiving the Thomas-Hartroft diet was reduced by supplementation of the diet with concentrates of linolenic, linoleic or oleic acid. However, the decreased platelet adhesiveness could be prevented by linoleic or linoleic acid, but not by oleic acid; thrombocytopenia was prevented by supplementation of the diet with linoleic acid, but linoleic and oleic acids afforded only partial protection; the decrease in thromboplastin generation could be significantly reversed only by linoleic acid. Thus, although mortality could be reduced by all 3 unsaturated fatty acids, changes in the clotting parameters studied were not necessarily affected by these treatments; and therefore, it is unlikely that these clotting parameters are involved in either the increased mortality induced by these diets or its reversal.
The Impact of Common Gene Variants on the Response of Biomarkers of Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) Risk to Increased Fish Oil Fatty Acids Intakes; The cardioprotectivc actions of the fish oil (FO)-derived long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been demonstrated, and dose-response relationships have been defined. However, there is a substantial and well-recognized within-population heterogeneity in response to FO, the etiology of which is poorly understood. Genetic variation may influence responsiveness. Here we review the available literature relating to gene variants shown to influence tissue LC n-3 PUFA status and response to FO intervention. From this review we conclude that the available evidence is relatively limited. A number of individual genotype x LC-n3 PUFA x phenotype associations have been described, but few have been investigated in subsequent cohorts or confirmed in independent studies. in the context of a more stratified approach to the provision of dietary advice, there is a need for further research to refine current dietary EPA and DHA recommendations.
The Effect of Dietary <i>Camelina sativa</i> Oil or Cake in the Diets of Broiler Chickens on Growth Performance, Fatty Acid Profile, and Sensory Quality of Meat; Simple Summary Feeding broiler chickens components rich in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), especially n-3 family fatty acid (Camelina oil or expeller) can be an effective way to improve both animal health and meat quality. The rate of mortality was the lowest in the group fed Camelina oil or expeller. Broiler chicken meat enriched with bioactive PUFA n-3 can be an alternative source of these fatty acids in the human diet. Introduction to the broiler diet of 40 g/kg Camelina oil, as well as 100 g/kg camelina expeller cake, significantly increased PUFA n-3 fatty acid and lowered PUFA n-6/PUFA n-3 fatty acid ratio. Furthermore, meat of chickens fed with Camelina oil was characterized by better juiciness.
EFFECTS OF A FISH-OIL AND VEGETABLE-OIL FORMULA ON AGGREGATION AND ETHANOLAMINE-CONTAINING LYSOPHOSPHOLIPID GENERATION IN ACTIVATED HUMAN PLATELETS AND ON LEUKOTRIENE PRODUCTION IN STIMULATED NEUTROPHILS; The effects of consuming a liquid formula containing either fish oil enriched in omega-3 fatty acids or vegetable oil enriched in oleic acid was evaluated in 20 male subjects randomly allocated into two groups over a 42-d period. A decrease in collagen-induced aggregation by using washed platelet suspensions was found in both groups after nutritional supplementation. A considerable rise in omega-3 and a decrease in omega-6 fatty acids occurred in the platelet phospholipid with fish-oil consumption. The degree of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) enrichment (fish-oil group) was dramatically greater in the ether-containing plasmenylethanolamine (13.5 mol% of fatty acids; mol% of fatty acids = moles per 100 moles of total fatty acids) than in phosphatidylethanolamine (2.8 mol%) or phosphatidylcholine (2.9 mol%). Neither treatment significantly influenced the agonist-induced accumulation of lysoplasmenylethanolamine as derived via phospholipase A, hydrolysis of plasmenylethanolamine. HPLC measurements of eicosanoid production in A23187-stimulated neutrophils revealed a considerable decrease in the formation of arachidonic acid-derived leukotriene B-4 (LTB(4)), by 41%, and 5-HETE (5-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid), by 30%, in the fish-oil group along with the appearance of the corresponding EPA-derived products [LTB(5) and 5-HEPE (5-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid)]. No such alterations in the formation of lipoxygenase products were found with the vegetable oil treatment. In view of evidence for the involvement of neutrophil-derived LTB(4) in atherosclerosis/thrombosis and cell injury in early myocardial ischemia, formulated nutritional products enriched in omega-3 fatty acids may be of value in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk factors and disease (independent of the lowering of blood cholesterol).
Association and Implications of Blood and Plaque n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Composition in Patients Treated with Oral Eicosapentaenoic Acid before Carotid Endarterectomy; Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have been shown to prevent atherosclerosis-related cardiovascular disease, including stroke. Recently, the ratio of serum EPA to arachidonic acid (AA; EPA/AA ratio) has been reported to be a biomarker to prevent cardiovascular disease. In this study, we evaluate whether the serum EPA/AA ratio would be a useful biomarker for determining the efficacy of orally administered EPA in preventing stroke by investigating tissue and serum EPA/AA ratios, serum inflammatory markers, and carotid artery intimamedia thickness (IMT). Patients with dyslipidemia, as the primary illness scheduled for carotid endarterectomy (CEA), were included and randomly assigned to the EPA group (EPA: 1,800mg/day plus statin; 10 patients) or non-EPA group (statin only; 15 patients). PUFA fraction was evaluated in the tissue (post-CEA) and serum (pre-CEA and 6 months thereafter). As for the tissue PUFA fraction in the plaque, the EPA group had a significantly higher EPA/AA ratio (EPA group, 0.46; non-EPA group, 0.28; p = 0.01). At 6 months postoperatively, the EPA group had a significantly higher serum EPA/AA ratio (baseline, 0.83; follow-up, 1.60; p = 0.05). No significant differences were found for inflammatory markers and IMT. Both serum and tissue EPA/AA ratios were higher in patients treated with oral EPA. Serum EPA/AA ratio might be a useful biomarker for the efficacy of orally administered EPA.
Association of Dietary Intakes and Genetically Determined Serum Concentrations of Mono and Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acids on Chronic Kidney Disease: Insights from Dietary Analysis and Mendelian Randomization; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake is generally associated with better renal function, while the association of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) remains unconfirmed. Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was used to obtain unconfounded estimates of the causal association of dietary intake and genetically determined serum PUFA and MUFA levels with measures of renal function. Data from participants of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) from 2005 to 2010 were used. Data from the largest genome-wide association studies (GWAS) on MUFAs, PUFAs, eGFR, and chronic kidney disease (CKD) were analysed for the entire sample. A total of 16,025 participants were included. eGFR improved across increasing quartiles of total PUFA intake from 86.3 +/- 0.5 (Q1) to 96.2 +/- 0.5 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (Q4), (p < 0.001). Conversely, there was no association between MUFA intake and measures of renal function (all p > 0.21). In multivariable models, the top quartile of PUFA intake had a 21% lower risk for CKD, but there was no significant association between CKD risk and MUFA intake. Genetically determined serum MUFA (heptadecenoate (17:1), myristoleic acid (14:1), and palmitoleic acid (16:1)) and PUFA (alpha-linolenic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid) concentrations had no significant association with eGFR and CKD risk. Additionally, no association was found in the analyses stratified by diabetes status. Higher dietary PUFA intake is associated with lower risk of CKD, while there was no association with serum levels of MUFAs or PUFAs. Additional studies including clinical trials are warranted.
Efficacy of Nutritional Interventions on Inflammatory Markers in Haemodialysis Patients: A Systematic Review and Limited Meta-Analysis; Low-grade chronic inflammation is prevalent in patients undergoing haemodialysis (HD) treatment and is linked to the development of premature atherosclerosis and mortality. The non-pharmacological approach to treat inflammation in HD patients through nutritional intervention is well cited. We aimed to assess the efficacy of different nutritional interventions at improving inflammatory outcomes in HD patients, based on markers such as C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). We searched PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Embase for randomized controlled trials (RCT) published before June 2017. Inclusion criteria included RCTs on adult patients on maintenance HD treatment with duration of nutritional interventions for a minimum 4 weeks. Risk of bias was assessed using the Jadad score. In total, 46 RCTs experimenting different nutritional interventions were included in the review and categorized into polyphenols rich foods, omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidants, vitamin D, fibres, and probiotics. Meta-analyses indicated significant reduction in CRP levels by omega-3 fatty acids (Random model effect: -0.667 mg/L, p < 0.001) and vitamin E (fixed model effect: -0.257 mg/L, p = 0.005). Evidence for other groups of nutritional interventions was inconclusive. In conclusion, our meta-analysis provided evidence that omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E could improve inflammatory outcomes in HD patients.
Dietary fatty acids and colorectal cancer: A case-control study; Fatty acid effects on colorectal cancer risk were examined in a national prospective case-control study in Scotland (1999-2006), including 1,455 incident cases and 1,455 matched controls. Three conditional logistic regression models adjusted for energy (residual method) and for other risk factors were applied in the whole sample and were stratified by sex, cancer site, age, and tumor staging. Total and trans-monounsatu rated fatty acids and palmitic, stearic, and oleic acids were dose-dependently associated with colorectal cancer risk, but these effects did not persist after further energy adjustment. Significant dose-dependent reductions in risk were associated with increased consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (highest vs. lowest quartile of intake: odds ratio = 0.63, 95% confidence interval: 0.50, 0.80; p < 0.0005 for trend) and of eicosapentaenoic (odds ratio = 0.59, 95% confidence interval: 0.47, 0.75; p < 0.0005 for trend) and docosahexaenoic (odds ratio = 0.63, 95% confidence interval: 0.50, 0.80; p < 0.0005 for trend) acids. These associations persisted after including energy with the nutrient-energy-adjusted term or total fatty acid intake (energy adjusted). The observed different effects of different types of fatty acids underline the importance of type of fat in the etiology and prevention of colorectal cancer.
Genetically modified plants are an alternative to oily fish for providing <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the human diet: A summary of the findings of a Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council funded project; The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) present primarily in oily fish, namely eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are important components of cell membranes and that are needed for normal development and cell function. Humans have very limited capacity for EPA and DHA synthesis from alpha-linolenic acid and so they must be obtained pre-formed from the diet. However, perceived unpalatability of oily fish and fish oil concerns about contamination with environmental pollutants, dietary choices that exclude fish and animal products, and price limit the effectiveness of recommendations for EPA and DHA intakes. Moreover, marine sources of EPA and DHA are diminishing in the face of increasing demands. Therefore, an alternative source of EPA and DHA is needed that is broadly acceptable, can be upscaled and is sustainable. This review discusses these challenges and, using findings from recent nutritional trials, explains how they may be overcome by seed oils from transgenic plants engineered to produce EPA and DHA. Trials in healthy men and women assessed the acute uptake and appearance in blood over 8 hours of EPA and DHA from transgenic Camelina sativa compared to fish oil, and the incorporation of these PUFA into blood lipids after dietary supplementation. The findings showed that postprandial EPA and DHA incorporation into blood lipids and accumulation in plasma lipids after dietary supplementation was as good as that achieved with fish oil. The oil derived from this transgenic plant was well tolerated. This review also discusses the implications for human nutrition, marine ecology and agriculture.
Fish, n-3 Fatty Acids, and Cardiovascular Diseases in Women of Reproductive Age A Prospective Study in a Large National Cohort; Previous studies have indicated a protective effect of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn3FAs) against cardiovascular disease; however, women are underrepresented in cardiovascular research. The aim of this study was to explore the association between intake of LCn3FAs and the risk of cardiovascular disease in a large prospective cohort of young women (mean age at baseline: 29.9 years [range: 15.7-46.9]). Exposure information on 48 627 women from the Danish National Birth Cohort was linked to the Danish National Patients Registry for information on events of hypertensive, cerebrovascular, and ischemic heart disease used to define a combined measure of cardiovascular diseases. Intake of fish and LCn3FAs was assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire and telephone interviews. During follow-up (1996-2008; median: 8 years), 577 events of cardiovascular disease were identified. Low LCn3FA intake was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (adjusted hazard ratio for women in lowest versus highest LCn3FA intake group: 1.91 [95% CI: 1.26-2.90]). Restricting the sample to women who had consistently reported similar frequencies of fish intake across 3 different dietary assessment occasions tended to strengthen the relationship (hazard ratio for lowest versus highest intake: 2.91 [95% CI: 1.45-5.85]). Furthermore, the observed associations were consistent in supplementary analyses where LCn3FA intake was averaged across the 3 dietary assessment occasions, and the associations were persistent for all 3 of the individual outcomes. Our findings based on a large prospective cohort of relatively young and initially healthy women indicated that little or no intake of fish and LCn3FAs was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. (Hypertension. 2012; 59: 36-43.)
Consumption of Monounsaturated Fatty Acids Is Associated with Improved Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Four African-Origin Populations Spanning the Epidemiologic Transition; Long-chain omega-3 PUFAs, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are of increasing interest because of their favorable effect on cardiometabolic risk. This study explores the association between omega 6 and 3 fatty acids intake and cardiometabolic risk in four African-origin populations spanning the epidemiological transition. Data are obtained from a cohort of 2500 adults aged 25-45 enrolled in the Modeling the Epidemiologic Transition Study (METS), from the US, Ghana, Jamaica, and the Seychelles. Dietary intake was measured using two 24 h recalls from the Nutrient Data System for Research (NDSR). The prevalence of cardiometabolic risk was analyzed by comparing the lowest and highest quartile of omega-3 (EPA+ DHA) consumption and by comparing participants who consumed a ratio of arachidonic acid (AA)/EPA + DHA <= 4:1 and >4:1. Data were analyzed using multiple variable logistic regression adjusted for age, gender, activity, calorie intake, alcohol intake, and smoking status. The lowest quartile of EPA + DHA intake is associated with cardiometabolic risk 2.16 (1.45, 3.2), inflammation 1.59 (1.17, 2.16), and obesity 2.06 (1.50, 2.82). Additionally, consuming an AA/EPA + DHA ratio of >4:1 is also associated with cardiometabolic risk 1.80 (1.24, 2.60), inflammation 1.47 (1.06, 2.03), and obesity 1.72 (1.25, 2.39). Our findings corroborate previous research supporting a beneficial role for monounsaturated fatty acids in reducing cardiometabolic risk.
Baker's Yeast Deficient in Storage Lipid Synthesis Uses <i>cis</i>-Vaccenic Acid to Reduce Unsaturated Fatty Acid Toxicity; The role of cis-vaccenic acid (18:1n-7) in the reduction of unsaturated fatty acids toxicity was investigated in baker's yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The quadruple mutant (QM, dga1 Delta lro1 Delta are1 Delta are2 Delta) deficient in enzymes responsible for triacylglycerol and steryl ester synthesis has been previously shown to be highly sensitive to exogenous unsaturated fatty acids. We have found that cis-vaccenic acid accumulated during cultivation in the QM cells but not in the corresponding wild type strain. This accumulation was accompanied by a reduction in palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7) content in the QM cells that is consistent with the proposed formation of cis-vaccenic acid by elongation of palmitoleic acid. Fatty acid analysis of individual lipid classes from the QM strain revealed that cis-vaccenic acid was highly enriched in the free fatty acid pool. Furthermore, production of cis-vaccenic acid was arrested if the mechanism of fatty acids release to the medium was activated. We also showed that exogenous cis-vaccenic acid did not affect viability of the QM strain at concentrations toxic for palmitoleic or oleic acids. Moreover, addition of cis-vaccenic acid to the growth medium provided partial protection against the lipotoxic effects of exogenous oleic acid. Transformation of palmitoleic acid to cis-vaccenic acid is thus a rescue mechanism enabling S. cerevisiae cells to survive in the absence of triacylglycerol synthesis as the major mechanism for unsaturated fatty acid detoxification.
Nutrition and the brain-heart connection; The various mechanisms that may explain the association between brain-heart connection and nutrition, leading to abnormal heart rate variability (HRV) and blood pressure variability (BPV) resulting into increased morbidity and mortality due to cardiovascular diseases (CVD), are reviewed. Medline search til December, 2001 and articles published in various national and international journals were reviewed. Experts working in the field were also consulted. There is compelling evidence that saturated and total fat and sedentary behaviour can enhance sympathetic activity and increase the secretion of catecholamine and serotonin, whereas omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may enhance parasympathetic activity and increase the secretion of acetylecholine in the hippocampus. While increased sympathetic activity has adverse effects on HRV and BPV, increased parasympathetic activity has beneficial effects and can directly inhibit sympathetic tone. A large body of evidence is available demonstrating that abnormal HRV measured over a 24 hour period, or for 7 days, provides information on the risk of subsequent death in subjects with and without heart disease. There is a need to study 7-day record by Holter cardiac monitoring to further elucidate the role of HRV in the pathogenesis of CVD. Meditation, beta blockers, ACE inhibitors, n-3 fatty acids, trimetazidine and oestrogen may have a beneficial influence on HRV. However, no definite and specific therapy is currently available to improve the prognosis for patients with abnormal HRV and blood pressure variability (BPV). Low HRV has been most commonly associated with a risk of arrhythmias and arrhythmic death, unstable angina, myocardial infarction, progression of heart failure and atherosclerosis. There is a need to develop a consensus on the measure of HRV for clinical purposes and whether 7-day record is necessary and practical. New analysis methods based on nonlinear dynamics may be more useful in risk stratification. More precise insight into the patho-physiological link between HRV and nutrition may be applied to clinical practice and used to direct therapy for prevention of disease risk.
Effects of <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and of rosuvastatin on left ventricular function in chronic heart failure: a substudy of GISSI-HF trial; The GISSI-HF trial showed that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), but not rosuvastatin, reduce morbidity and mortality in patients with symptomatic heart failure (HF) of any cause. The aim of this echocardiographic substudy of GISSI-HF was to investigate the effects of n-3 PUFA and of rosuvastatin on left ventricular (LV) function in such patients.
The relationship between folate and docosahexaenoic acid in men; Objective: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22: 6n- 3), an essential omega 3 fatty acid, may protect against disorders of emotional regulation as well as cardiovascular disease. Animal studies demonstrate that dietary folate can increase tissue concentrations of DHA, although the literature, to date, includes no human studies examining the possibility that folate status may affect plasma DHA concentrations. The objective of this study is to determine if the blood concentrations of folate and DHA are correlated in humans.
Higher frequency of fish intake and healthy lifestyle behaviors may be associated with a lower platelet count in Japan: Implication for the anti-atherosclerotic effect of fish intake; Background: Habitual fish intake and healthier lifestyles are associated with a lower risk of atherosclerotic car-diovascular disease (ASCVD). Higher platelet counts (PLCs) are reportedly associated with higher ASCVD events. We aimed to investigate the association between fish intake and lifestyle with PLCs.Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study in a cohort of 9329 participants (average age: 46.9 +/- 12.9 years; 58.9% men) with no history of ASCVD registered at the Health Planning Center of Nihon University Hospital in 2019.Results: The average fish intake frequency was 2.15 +/- 1.28 days/week. As fish intake frequency increased (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 days), PLC decreased significantly (p < 0.0001). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that higher fish intake frequency tended to be a determinant of lower PLC. Aerobic exercise habits and sleep duration were independent negative determinants of PLC. Cigarette smoking habits were a positive in-dependent determinant of PLC. Furthermore, with increasing fish intake frequency, the proportion of partici-pants with habitual aerobic exercise, non-smoking habits, and longer sleep duration increased (p < 0.0001 for all). Higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA), calculated based on data from the Japanese National Health and Nutrition Survey, intake was associated with a lower PLC.Conclusion: Higher fish intake and healthier lifestyle behaviors may be comprehensively associated with lower PLCs. The intake of N-3 PUFA with anti-inflammatory effects, rich in fish, may also be related to the lower PLC. This association may explain the preventive effects of fish intake on ASCVD risk.
Plasma phospholipid EPA and DHA in relation to atherosclerosis in 61-year-old men; Introduction: Increased intake of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has been shown to decrease the risk for cardiovascular death and to reduce CVD risk factors. It has also been suggested that EPA and DHA reduce atherosclerosis progression, but data are inconclusive. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) is a well-established surrogate measure for sub-clinical atherosclerosis. Our aim was to examine if plasma phospholipid EPA and DHA are associated with IMT and plaque occurrence and size in the carotid and femoral arteries.
Poly unsaturated fatty acids: the missing link between cardiac events and depression?; The relationship between myocardial infarction (MI), depression and cardiac death is not well understood. There is evidence that poly unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism and composition in phospholipids and cholesterylesters are involved in the pathophysiology of affective disorders and cardiac dysregulation, In this paper the relationship of PUFAs with 1) cardiac events 2) depressive disorder and 3) the inflammatory response system (IRS) will be reviewed. The underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms relate to the effects of dietary fatty acids on the IRS, the HPA-axis, serotonin metabolism and platelet reactivity, These effects are the result of the important effects of PUFAs on the structure and function of localized membrane domains, their involvement in eicosanoid synthesis and their influence on intra-cellular signalling pathways and gene expression. Antidepressive treatment has been shown to have immunosuppressive effects in healthy volunteers. In patients with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia, PUFA supplementation resulted in significant symptom reduction. In the ongoing substudy of the MIND-IT, the effects of antidepressive treatment on immune status, PUFA composition in serum phospholipids and cholesterylesters and whole blood serotonin in depressive post-Mi patients will be investigated. More knowledge on the relationships between PUFAs in diet, IRS parameters and serotonin metabolism may alter treatment strategies in the prevention of both cardiac death and the occurrence of depressive disorder in cardiac patients.
Antiplatelet Therapy Combinations and Thrombogenicity in Patients with Non-Valvular Atrial Fibrillation; Background and objectives: Combination antiplatelet therapy reduces the risk of ischemic stroke compared with aspirin monotherapy in non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) patients. The underlying mechanism, however, remains unclear. In addition, the association between platelet inhibition and thrombogenicity in NVAF has not been evaluated.
Biological activities of non-enzymatic oxygenated metabolites of polyunsaturated fatty acids (NEO-PUFAs) derived from EPA and DHA: New anti-arrhythmic compounds?; omega 3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFAs) have several biological properties including anti-arrhythmic effects. However, there are some evidences that it is not solely omega 3 PUFAs per se that are biologically active but the nonenzymatic oxygenated metabolites of polyunsaturated fatty acids (NEO-PUFAs) like isoprostanes and neuroprostanes. Recent question arises how these molecules take part in physiological homeostasis, show biological bioactivities and anti-inflammatory properties. Furthermore, they are involved in the circulations of childbirth, by inducing the closure of the ductus arteriosus. In addition, oxidative stress which can be beneficial for the heart in given environmental conditions such as the presence of omega 3 PUFAs on the site of the stress and the signaling pathways involved are also explained in this review.
Dysregulation of soluble epoxide hydrolase and lipidomic profiles in anorexia nervosa; Individuals with anorexia nervosa (AN) restrict eating and become emaciated. They tend to have an aversion to foods rich in fat. Because epoxide hydrolase 2 (EPHX2) was identified as a novel AN susceptibility gene, and because its protein product, soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH), converts bioactive epoxides of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) to the corresponding diols, lipidomic and metabolomic targets of EPHX2 were assessed to evaluate the biological functions of EPHX2 and their role in AN. Epoxide substrates of sEH and associated oxylipins were measured in ill AN, recovered AN and gender- and race-matched controls. PUFA and oxylipin markers were tested as potential biomarkers for AN. Oxylipin ratios were calculated as proxy markers of in vivo sEH activity. Several free- and total PUFAs were associated with AN diagnosis and with AN recovery. AN displayed elevated n-3 PUFAs and may differ from controls in PUFA elongation and desaturation processes. Cytochrome P450 pathway oxylipins from arachidonic acid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid and docosahexaenoic acid PUFAs are associated with AN diagnosis. The diol: epoxide ratios suggest the sEH activity is higher in AN compared with controls. Multivariate analysis illustrates normalization of lipidomic profiles in recovered ANs. EPHX2 influences AN risk through in vivo interaction with dietary PUFAs. PUFA composition and concentrations as well as sEH activity may contribute to the pathogenesis and prognosis of AN. Our data support the involvement of EPHX2-associated lipidomic and oxylipin dysregulations in AN, and reveal their potential as biomarkers to assess responsiveness to future intervention or treatment.
The Influence of Diet and Nutrients on Platelet Function; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide. Platelet activation and aggregation play an integral role in hemostasis and thrombosis. Diets and nutrients play a potential role in modifying CVD progression, particularly in platelet function, and have the potential of altering platelet function tests. Diets such as Mediterranean diet, high in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and vegetarian diets have inverse relationships with CVD. Dark chocolate, foods with low glycemic index, garlic, ginger, omega-3 PUFA, onion, purple grape juice, tomato, and wine all reduce platelet aggregation. Dark chocolate and omega-3 PUFA also reduce P-selectin expression. In addition, dark chocolate reduces PAC-1 binding and platelet microparticle formation. Berries inhibit platelet function (PFA-100). Energy drinks have been shown to increase platelet aggregation and caffeine increases platelet microparticle formation. Therefore, repeat testing of platelet function may be required, not only after exclusion of known antiplatelet medications but also potentially after exclusion of dietary substances/nutrients that could have plausibly affected initial test data.
Estimated macronutrient and fatty acid intakes from an East African Paleolithic diet; Our genome adapts slowly to changing conditions of existence. Many diseases of civilisation result from mismatches between our Paleolithic genome and the rapidly changing environment, including our diet. The objective of the present study was to reconstruct multiple Paleolithic diets to estimate the ranges of nutrient intakes upon which humanity evolved. A database of, predominantly East African, plant and animal foods (meat/fish) was used to model multiple Paleolithic diets, using two pathophysiological constraints (i.e. protein,35 energy % (en%) and linoleic acid (LA) > 1.0 en%), at known hunter-gatherer plant/animal food intake ratios (range 70/30-30/70 en%/en%). We investigated selective and non-selective savannah, savannah/aquatic and aquatic hunter-gatherer/scavenger foraging strategies. We found (range of medians in en%) intakes of moderate-to-high protein (25-29), moderate-to-high fat (30-39) and moderate carbohydrates (39-40). The fatty acid composition was SFA (11.4-12.0), MUFA (5.6-18.5) and PUFA (8.6-15.2). The latter was high in a-linolenic acid (ALA) (3.7-4.7 en%), low in LA (2.3-3.6 en%), and high in long-chain PUFA (LCP; 4.75-25.8 g/d), LCP n-3 (2.26-17.0 g/d), LCP n-6 (2.54-8.84 g/d), ALA/LA ratio (1.12-1.64 g/g) and LCP n-3/LCP n-6 ratio (0.84-1.92 g/g). Consistent with the wide range of employed variables, nutrient intakes showed wide ranges. We conclude that compared with Western diets, Paleolithic diets contained consistently higher protein and LCP, and lower LA. These are likely to contribute to the known beneficial effects of Paleolithic-like diets, e. g. through increased satiety/satiation. Disparities between Paleolithic, contemporary and recommended intakes might be important factors underlying the aetiology of common Western diseases. Data on Paleolithic diets and lifestyle, rather than the investigation of single nutrients, might be useful for the rational design of clinical trials.
High-Dose Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid Supplementation Reduces Bone Resorption in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Survivors on Aromatase Inhibitors: A Pilot Study; Postmenopausal breast cancer survivors are living longer; however, a common class of drugs, aromatase inhibitors (AI), depletes estrogen levels, promotes bone loss, and heightens fracture risk. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may offset AI effects to bone because of the known effects on cellular processes of bone turnover. Therefore, we hypothesized that 4g of EPA and DHA daily for 3 mo would decrease bone turnover in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors on AI therapy in a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled pilot study that included 38 women. At baseline and 3 mo, serum fatty acids, bone turnover, and inflammatory markers were analyzed. Serum EPA and DHA, total and long-chain (LC) omega (n)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) increased, whereas arachidonic acid, total and LC n-6 PUFA, and the LC n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio decreased compared to placebo (all P < .05). Bone resorption was inhibited in the fish oil responders compared to placebo (P < .05). Inflammatory markers were not altered. This short-term, high-dose fish oil supplementation study's findings demonstrate that fish oil can reduce bone resorption; however, longer-term studies are needed to assess bone density preservation and to explore mechanistic pathways in this population at high risk for bone loss.
Mitochondrial function in ischaemia and reperfusion of the ageing heart; 1. In addition to Ca2+-dependent mediation of excitation-contraction coupling during cardiac work and ATP hydrolysis, Ca2+ also stimulates the Krebs' cycle and mitochondrial matrix dehydrogenases to maintain the nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide redox potential and ATP synthesis. Thus, the balance between energy demand and supply is maintained during increases in cardiac work by elevated cytosolic Ca2+ that is transmitted to the mitochondrial matrix via regulation of uniporter and antiporter pathways across the inner mitochondrial membrane.
Reproductive long-term effects, endocrine response and fatty acid profile of rabbit does fed diets supplemented with <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; The effect of a diet enriched with polyunsaturated n(-3) fatty acids (PUFA) on endocrine, reproductive, and productive responses of rabbit females and the litters has been studied. Nulliparous does (n= 125) were fed ad libitum from rearing to second weaning two diets supplemented with different fat sources: 7.5 g/kg lard for the control diet (group C; n = 63) or 15 g/kg of a commercial supplement containing a 50% ether extract and 35% of total fatty acids (FAs) as PUFA n-3 (Group P; n = 62). Dietary treatments did not affect apparent digestibility coefficients of nutrients, or reproductive variables of does including milk production, mortality and average daily gain of kits over two lactations. However, on Day 5 and 7 post-induction of ovulation, progesterone of Group P tended to increase to a greater extent than in does of Group C. Total PUFAs, n-6 and n-3 and eicosapentanoic (EPA) contents were greater in adipose tissues of does in Group P than in Group C. Docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations were greater in pen-ovarian than in scapular fat with abdominal fat being intermediate in concentration. In PUFA supplemented does, kit mortality at the second parturition tended to be less than in control does. Also, kits born to does of the PUFA-supplemented group weighed more and were of greater length than from does of control group. In conclusion, effectiveness of dietary intervention on reproductive and performance response is greater in the second parity, which suggests an accumulative long-term beneficial effect of n-3 FA supplementation in reproductive rabbit does. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Fish, human health and marine ecosystem health: policies in collision; Background Health recommendations advocating increased fish consumption need to be placed in the context of the potential collapse of global marine capture fisheries.
Women's diet quality in the UK; Women's diets are of interest as they not only impact on wellbeing and risk of chronic disease in women themselves, but also influence pregnancy outcomes and infant health. UK dietary surveys show that, while some improvements have occurred, intakes of key micronutrients, particularly iron, vitamin D, calcium and folate remain below recommended levels. Women's diets are also too high in saturated fat and salt, and low in fibre, oily fish and fruits and vegetables. Evidence suggests that certain chronic conditions are influenced by dietary components, e.g. inadequate calcium and vitamin D intakes reduce bone density, salt and saturated fat increase cardiovascular disease risk, excessive alcohol intakes increase cancer risk, low intakes of long chain n-3 fatty acids may adversely affect fetal development and mental health, while adequate folic acid reduces the risk of birth defects. Focused health initiatives are needed to improve diet quality in women, particularly school-aged girls, women planning a pregnancy, those living in areas of deprivation and elderly women. Vitamin and mineral supplements, and fortified foods may have a role to play alongside dietary improvements in helping women to achieve optimal diet quality.
Excess Body Weight and Cancer-Related Fatigue, Systemic Inflammation, and Serum Lipids in Breast Cancer Survivors; Background Cancer-related fatigue (CRF) is a common side effect impacting breast cancer survivors. Research points to a relationship between obesity and CRF in breast cancer survivors related to elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic alterations. Methods This cross-sectional study examined the relationship of obesity to CRF, inflammatory markers and serum lipids through a secondary analysis of a nationwide randomized controlled trial. Breast cancer survivors with CRF were categorized based on BMI category. Symptoms of CRF, inflammatory markers and serum fatty acids were assessed among groups. Results There were 105 breast cancer survivors in the analysis. BMI was positively associated with CRF based on MFSI General (p = 0.020; 95% C.I. 0.024, 0.273) and MFSI Physical (p = 0.013; 95% C.I. 0.035, 0.298) subscales. TNF-alpha (p = 0.007; 95% C.I. 0.007, 0.044), and IL-6 (p = 0.020; 95% C.I. 0.006, 0.073) were elevated in the obese. Monounsaturated fatty acid levels (p = 0.047; 95% C.I. 0.000, 0.053) and the omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio were associated with obesity (p = 0.047; 95% C.I. 0.002, 0.322). Conclusions Obese breast cancer survivors had greater levels of CRF, inflammatory markers and certain fatty acids. Inflammatory markers and fatty acids were not found to have any mediating or positive association with CRF variables in this analysis. NCT02352779.
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid inhibits neurodegeneration and prevents stroke; Stroke severely impairs quality of life and has a high mortality rate. On the other hand, dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) prevents neuronal damage. In this review, we describe the effects of dietary DHA on ischemic stroke-associated neuronal damage and its role in stroke prevention. Recent epidemiological studies have been conducted to analyze stroke prevention through DHA intake. The effects of dietary intake and supply of DHA to neuronal cells, DHA-mediated inhibition of neuronal damage, and its mechanism, including the effects of the DHA metabolite, neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), were investigated. These studies revealed that DHA intake was associated with a reduced risk of stroke. Moreover, studies have shown that DHA intake may reduce stroke mortality rates. DHA, which is abundant in fish oil, passes through the blood-brain barrier to accumulate as a constituent of phospholipids in the cell membranes of neuronal cells and astrocytes. Astrocytes supply DHA to neuronal cells, and neuronal DHA, in turn, activates Akt and Raf-1 to prevent neuronal death or damage. Therefore, DHA indirectly prevents neuronal damage. Furthermore, NDP1 blocks neuronal apoptosis. DHA, together with NPD1, may block neuronal damage and prevent stroke. The inhibitory effect on neuronal damage is achieved through the antioxidant (via inducing the Nrf2/HO-1 system) and anti-inflammatory effects (via promoting JNK/AP-1 signaling) of DHA.
Amelioration of UVB-induced oxidative stress and inflammation in <i>fat</i><i>-1</i> transgenic mouse skin; omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), which are abundant in fish oils, are known to scavenge lipid peroxyl radicals and potentiate host immune defence. As UVB-induced oxidative stress and inflammation have been implicated in apoptotic cell death, this study was aimed to investigate the anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidative, and anti-apoptotic capacity of fat-1 transgenic mice capable of converting omega-6 to omega-3 PUFAs. Wild-type (WT) C57BL/6 mice and fat-1 mice were maintained on the AIN-93 diet supplemented with 10% safflower oil rich in omega-6 PUFAs for 5 weeks. The omega-3/omega-6 PUFA ratio was significantly higher in the dorsal skin of fat-1 mice than that in the WT mice. Upon single exposure to UVB (5.0 kJ/m(2)) radiation, fat-1 mice showed inflammatory as well as oxidative tissue damage and the expression of proinflammatory enzymes, cyclooxygenases-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase in the skin to a much lesser extent than the WT mice. The protection of fat-1 mice from UVB-induced skin inflammation was associated with decreased phosphorylation of STAT3. Moreover, UVB-induced apoptosis was attenuated in fat-1 mouse skin. In comparison to WT animals, higher levels of Nrf2 and its target proteins, such as heme oxygenase-1, NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase-1 and thioredoxin-1, were found in the skin of fat1 mice. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Inc.
The health effects of dietary unsaturated fatty acids; Fat provides energy; indeed it is the most energy dense of all the macronutrients, with 1 g providing 37 kJ (9 kcal). However, the constituent parts of fat, fatty acids, are required by the body for many other functions than simply as an energy source, and there is an increasing awareness of the potential health benefits of specific types of fatty acids. Fatty acids are long hydrocarbon chains, with a methyl group at one end (the omega or n -end) and an acid group at the other. Unsaturated fatty acids are hydrocarbon chains containing at least one carbon-carbon double bond; monounsaturated fatty acids contain one double bond, and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) contain many double bonds. The position of the double bond relative to the omega end determines whether a PUFA is an n-3 (omega 3) or an n-6 (omega 6) fatty acid.
Production of <i>trans</i>-Free Margarine with Stearidonic Acid Soybean and High-Stearate Soybean Oils-Based Structured Lipid; Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) have been positively associated with prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. Intake of high amounts of trans fatty acids (TFAs) is correlated with increased risk of coronary heart disease, inflammation, and cancer. Structured lipid (SL) was synthesized using stearidonic acid (SDA) soybean oil and high-stearate soybean oil catalyzed by Lipozyme (R) TLIM lipase. The SL was compared to extracted fat (EF) from a commercial brand for FA profile, sn-2 positional FAs, triacylglycerol (TAG) profile, polymorphism, thermal behavior, oxidative stability, and solid fat content (SFC). Both SL and EF had similar saturated FA (about 31 mol%) and unsaturated FA (about 68 mol%), but SL had a much lower n-6/n-3 ratio (1.1) than EF (5.8). SL had 10.5 mol% SDA. After short-path distillation, a loss of 53.9% was observed in the total tocopherol content of SL. The tocopherols were lost as free tocopherols. SL and EF had similar melting profile, beta' polymorph, and oxidative stability. Margarine was formulated using SL (SLM) and EF (RCM, reformulated commercial margarine). No sensory difference was observed between the 2 margarines. The SL synthesized in this study contained no TFA and possessed desirable polymorphism, thermal properties, and SFC for formulation of soft margarine. The margarine produced with this SL was trans-free and SDA-enriched.
Immunonutrition in the critically ill: A systematic review of clinical outcome; Objective: To perform a meta-analysis addressing whether enteral nutrition with immune-enhancing feeds benefits critically ill patients after trauma, sepsis, or major surgery.
PHARMACONUTRITION IN SEVERELY ILL PATIENT; "Pharmaconutrient" is a term applicable to those compounds which. in addition to their nutritional function, play a role as aids in the treatment of patients with severe pathologies, including sepsis, trauma, burns and major surgery, In general, enrichment of enteral an parenteral formulas with pharmaconutrients contribute to positively modulate the inflammatory response, infection and controlling the internal milieu, which in turn can be evaluated through lower mortality, hospital and intensive care units stay, days of mechanical ventilation and other parameters allowing to asses their effects. Arginine, glutamine, nucleotides, omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidant micronutrients, make up the nucleus of pharmaconutrients used with that aim, usually as mixtures of them. In the present review current evidence about the effects, indications, limitations, doses, potential adverse risks and even counter-indications is analysed.
Icosapent Ethyl Reduces Ischemic Events in Patients With a History of Previous Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting: REDUCE-IT CABG; Background: Despite advances in surgery and pharmacotherapy, there remains significant residual ischemic risk after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery.
Change in the fatty acid pattern of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids after oral supplementation of specific fatty acids in patients with gastrointestinal diseases; Background/Objectives: The fatty acid pattern of membrane phospholipids is suggested to affect membrane fluidity and epithelial barrier function as a result of membrane fatty acid unsaturation. The incorporation of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) into membrane phospholipids may diminish inflammatory potential in patients with gastrointestinal diseases. The aim of this study was to improve the fatty acid profile of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids after oral supplementation of specific fatty acids in patients with maldigestion and/or malabsorption.
Marine n-3 fatty acid consumption in a Norwegian renal transplant cohort: Comparison of a food frequency questionnaire with plasma phospholipid marine n-3 levels; Background
Differential modulation of malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor growth by omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids; Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) is a common genetic disorder of the nervous system resulting in neurofibromas and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors (MPNST). In this study, we report the modulation of murine and human MPNST cell growth by the fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA). DHA demonstrated a tendency to stimulate cell growth at low doses and induce apoptosis at high doses, paralleled by the activation of ERK and caspase-3. Furthermore, high-dose DHA reversed the stimulation of MPNST cell growth by a number of growth factors suggested to have a pathogenic effect in NF1 and inhibited MPNST growth in vivo. AA was found to have a reciprocal activity in vitro, stimulating MPNST cell growth at comparable concentrations and reducing DHA activation of ERK. These findings introduce fatty acids as a possible regulator of MPNST development in NF1 patients.
ApoE genotype: from geographic distribution to function and responsiveness to dietary factors; ApoE is a key protein in lipid metabolism with three major isoforms. ApoE allele frequencies show non-random global distribution especially in Europe with high apoE epsilon 3 frequency in the Mediterranean area, whereas the apoE epsilon 4 genotype is enriched in Northern Europe. The apoE e4 genotype is one of the most important genetic risk factors for age-dependent chronic diseases, including CVD and Alzheimer's disease (AD). The apoE polymorphism has been shown to impact on blood lipids, biomarkers of oxidative stress and chronic inflammation, which all may contribute to the isoform-dependent disease risk. Studies in mice and human subjects indicate that the apoE epsilon 3 but not the apoE epsilon 4 genotype may significantly benefit from dietary flavonoids (e. g. quercetin) and n-3 fatty acids. Metabolism of lipid soluble vitamins E and D is likewise differentially affected by the apoE genotype. Epidemiological and experimental evidence suggest a better vitamin D status in apoE epsilon 4 than epsilon 3 subjects indicating a certain advantage of epsilon 4 over epsilon 3. The present review aims at evaluation of current data available on interactions between apoE polymorphism and dietary responsiveness to flavonoids, fat soluble vitamins and n-3 fatty acids. Likewise, distinct geographic distribution and chronic disease risk of the different apoE isoforms are addressed.
Fish oil and neurovascular reactivity to mental stress in humans; Carter JR, Schwartz CE, Yang H, Joyner MJ. Fish oil and neurovascular reactivity to mental stress in humans. Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol 304: R523-R530, 2013. First published February 13, 2013; doi:10.1152/ajpregu.00031.2013.-Omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oil have been suggested to protect against cardiovascular disease, yet underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Despite the well-documented link between mental stress and cardiovascular risk, no study has examined neural cardiovascular reactivity to mental stress after fish oil supplementation. We hypothesized that fish oil would blunt the blood pressure, heart rate (HR), and muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) responsiveness to mental stress and/or augment limb vasodilation associated with mental stress. Blood pressure, HR, MSNA, forearm vascular conductance (FVC), and calf vascular conductance (CVC) responses were recorded during a 5-min mental stress protocol in 67 nonhypertensive subjects before and after 8 wk of fish oil (n = 34) or placebo supplementation (n = 33). Fish oil blunted HR reactivity to mental stress (group x condition x time interactions, P = 0.012) but did not alter blood pressure reactivity to mental stress (interactions, P > 0.05). Fish oil blunted total MSNA reactivity to mental stress (interaction, P = 0.039) but did not alter MSNA burst frequency and burst incidence reactivity (interactions, P > 0.05). Finally, fish oil significantly blunted CVC reactivity to mental stress (interaction, P = 0.013) but did not alter FVC reactivity (interaction, P > 0.05). In conclusion, 8 wk of fish oil supplementation significantly attenuated both HR and total MSNA reactivity to mental stress and elicited a paradoxical blunting of calf vascular conductance. These findings support and extend the growing evidence that fish oil may have positive health benefits regarding neural cardiovascular control in humans.
Effects of enteral feeding with eicosapentaenoic acid, γ-linolenic acid, and antioxidants in mechanically ventilated patients with severe sepsis and septic shock; Objectives: Enteral diets enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), and antioxidants have previously been shown to improve outcomes in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Several studies using animal models of sepsis demonstrate that enteral nutrition enriched with omega-3 fatty acids reduces mortality rate. This study investigated whether an enteral diet enriched with EPA, GLA, and antioxidant vitamins can improve outcomes and reduce 28-day all-cause mortality in patients with severe sepsis or septic shock requiring mechanical ventilation.
The rationale and design of the FORωARD Trial: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, independent study to test the efficacy of n-3 PUFA for the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm in patients with previous atrial fibrillation; Background Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with increased risk of death, thromboembolic complications, and a lowered quality of life. Despite this burden, pharmacologic agents for prevention of AF in patients who achieved normal sinus rhythm are of limited utility, mostly because of serious and frequent side effects, Thus, the availability of safer and more effective drugs may reduce the burden of disease.
Influence of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids on plasma markers of inflammation in middle-aged men; This study investigated the effects of a moderate dose of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (1.8 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus 0.3 g clocosahexaenoic acid (DHA) per day) given for 8 weeks to healthy middle-aged males on cardiovascular risk factors, particularly plasma lipids and inflammatory markers. The study was double-blind and placebo-controlled. The proportion of EPA was significantly increased in plasma phosphatidylcholine (from 1.4% to 5.0% of total fatty acids; P<0.001), cholesteryl esters (from 1.2% to 4.5%; P<0.001) and triacylglycerols (from 0.3% to 1.8%; P<0.001). In contrast, the more modest increases in DHA in these lipid fractions were not significant. There was very little effect of n-3 fatty acids on the risk factors measured, apart from a reduction in plasma soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1 concentration compared with placebo (P = 0.05). The change in plasma sICAM-1 concentration was significantly inversely related to the change in DHA in plasma phosphatidylcholine (r = -0.675; P = 0.001), but less so to the change in EPA (r = -0.406; P = 0.076). Data from the present study suggest that marine oil providing 1.8 g of EPA plus 0.3g DHA/day is not sufficient to demonstrate marked effects on cardiovascular risk factors (plasma lipids and inflammatory markers) in healthy middle-aged men, although there may be a slight anti-inflammatory effect as indicated by the decrease in sICAM-1. The stronger association between changes in DHA than EPA and sICAM-1 concentrations suggest that DHA may be more anti-inflammatory than EPA. Thus, one reason why only limited effects were seen here may be that the dose of DHA provided was insufficient. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Chemical composition and clinical applications of extra virgin olive oil; The chemical composition of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) is mainly composed of triglycerides, unsaturated fatty acids such as oleic acid, linoleic acid, and & alpha;-linolenic acid. Phenolic compounds of three chemical classes are also relevant, such as simple, secoiridoids, and lignans. Here, we review the association between EVOO consumption and chronic diseases, certain types of cancer, and neurodegenerative diseases. Evidence shows that consuming between 8 and 40 g of EVOO / day has protective effects on cardiovascular diseases, can prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes, and increases HDL choles-terol levels. Regarding cancer, phenolic compounds hydroxytyrosol (HT) and oleocanthal have protective effects on some types of cancer, such as skin and breast cancer. Regarding neurodegenerative diseases, daily consumption of phenolic compounds such as oleuperin and hydroxytyrosol and 50 g of EVOO has an inhibitory effect on neuronal degeneration and a protective effect on neuroprotective capacity. Future research should focus on determining the long-term impact of EVOO consumption on different diseases to establish the "dose" of EVOO that will allow health-protective results. It is also necessary to establish the effects of the specific olives (with their particular bioactive components) to establish the different impacts on health and disease associated with olives varieties.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid food frequency questionnaire validation in people with end stage renal disease on dialysis; AimTo validate the polyunsaturated food frequency questionnaire (PUFA FFQ) and test for reproducibility in people with end stage renal disease on dialysis treatment.
Secular Decreasing Trend in Plasma Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids among Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome from 2011 to 2019: A Single Center Descriptive Study; Despite intensive lipid-lowering interventions, patients treated with statins develop atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), and these patients have an increased risk of developing recurrent cardiovascular events during follow-up. Therefore, there is a need to focus on the residual risks in patients in statin therapy to further reduce ASCVD. The aim of this study was to retrospectively investigate the 10-year trend (2011-2019) regarding changes in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in a single center. We included 686 men and 203 women with ACS admitted to Kagawa Prefectural Central Hospital. Plasma PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), arachidonic acid (AA), and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), were measured at admission for suspected ACS. A secular decreasing trend in the levels of EPA and DHA and the EPA/AA ratio, but not of AA and DGLA, was observed. The analyses based on age (>70 or <70 years) and sex showed that the decreasing trend in the levels of EPA and DHA did not depend on age and remained significant only in men. Further studies are needed to obtain robust evidence to justify that the administration of n-3 PUFA contributes to the secondary prevention of ACS.
Lipid-lowering drug use in Italian primary care:: effects of reimbursement criteria revision; Objective To assess whether the prescribing pattern of lipid-lowering drugs (LLD) changed after reimbursement criteria revision in a general practice in southern Italy.
Gamma-linolenic acid inhibits hepatic PAI-1 expression by inhibiting p38 MAPK-dependent activator protein and mitochondria-mediated apoptosis pathway; Fibrosis is induced by the excessive and abnormal deposition of extracellular matrix (ECM) with various growth factors in tissues. Transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), plays a role in inducing apoptosis, modulates fibrosis, and ECM accumulation. Plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) plays an important role in the development hepatic fibrosis. The overexpression of PAI-1 induces ECM accumulation, the main hallmark of chronic liver diseases. Death of hepatocytes is a characteristic feature of chronic liver disease due to various causes. The TGF-beta 1-mediated apoptotic pathway is regarded as a promising therapeutic target in hepatic fibrosis. Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) is of special interest as it possesses anti-fibrosis, anti-inflammatory, and anti-cancer properties. However, the precise mechanism for GLA in chronic liver disease is not still clear. The aim of the present study was to determine whether GLA prevents hepatic PAI-1 expression and apoptosis through the inhibition of TGF-beta 1-mediated molecular mediators. GLA attenuated TGF-beta 1-stimulated PAI-1 expression, and inhibited PAI-1 promoter activity in AML12 cells. This effect was mediated by Smad3/4, the p38 pathways. We also found that GLA suppressed TGF-beta 1-induced apoptotic activation of the Bcl-2 family and caspase family of proteins, which resulted in the inhibition of poly-ADP-ribose polymerase 1 cleavage. GLA ameliorates the pro-fibrotic and pro-apoptotic effects of TGF-beta 1 in hepatocytes, suggesting GLA exerts a protective effect on hepatocytes and has a therapeutic potential for the treatment of chronic liver disease.
Relationship of dietary linoleic acid to blood pressure - The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure study; Findings from observational and interventional studies on the relationship of dietary linoleic acid, the main dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid, with blood pressure have been inconsistent. The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure is an international cross-sectional epidemiological study of 4680 men and women ages 40 to 59 years from 17 population samples in China, Japan, United Kingdom, and United States. We report associations of linoleic acid intake of individuals with their blood pressure. Nutrient intake data were based on 4 in-depth multipass 24-hour dietary recalls per person and 2 timed 24-hour urine collections per person. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured 8 times at 4 visits. With several models to control for possible confounders ( dietary or other), linear regression analyses showed a nonsignificant inverse relationship of linoleic acid intake ( percent kilocalories) to systolic and diastolic blood pressure for all of the participants. When analyzed for 2238 "nonintervened" individuals ( not on a special diet, not consuming nutritional supplements, no diagnosed cardiovascular disease or diabetes, and not taking medication for high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes), the relationship was stronger. With adjustment for 14 variables, estimated systolic/diastolic blood pressure differences with 2-SD higher linoleic acid intake (3.77% kcal) were -1.42/-0.91 mm Hg ( P < 0.05 for both) for nonintervened participants. For total polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, blood pressure differences were -1.42/-0.98 mm Hg ( P < 0.05 for both) with 2 SD higher intake (4.04% kcal). Dietary linoleic acid intake may contribute to prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels in general populations.
Safety and Efficacy of Parenteral Fish Oil-Containing Lipid Emulsions in Premature Neonates; Objective: The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of fish oil containing (FO) lipid emulsions that are rich in omega-3 fatty acids for parenteral nutrition in preterm neonates by using data retrieved from randomized controlled trials.
Fish Intake and Death From Pulmonary Embolisms Among Japanese Men and Women - The Japan Collaborative Cohort (JACC) Study -; Background: Numerous studies have reported the association of cardiovascular risk factors with pulmonary embolism (PE), but the association of dietary factors, especially fish intake, with the risk of PE has not been fully established.
Serum fatty acids, lipoprotein(a) and apolipoprotein composition of rural, suburban and urban populations in North Vietnam; This study was conducted to investigate the concentrations of serum fatty acids, lipoprotein(a) and apolipoprotein of three populations in North Vietnam: rural area with low income (n = 101), suburban with average income (n = 97), and urban with high income (n = 95). The results showed the suburban and urban populations had higher fat intake than the rural. The fat intake in quality was different in these three populations. The suburban had the highest consumption of fatty foods rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). The rural consumed more fatty foods rich in monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), but less fatty foods rich in n-3 PUFA than the two other populations. The high index of thrombogenicity (IT) of the Vietnamese diet may result from their low intake of fish and vegetable oils. Risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease (CVD) assessed by serum Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoprotein levels were not observed in all three populations. However, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke are problems that should be monitored because the increase of CVD morbidity has been reported in Vietnamese people. From a nutritional point of view, the increase of fish and vegetable oils consumption is necessary for the prevention of CVD and CHD in these Vietnamese populations.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis pathway and genetics. implications for interindividual variability in prothrombotic, inflammatory conditions such as COVID-19; COVID-19 symptoms vary from silence to rapid death, the latter mediated by both a cytokine storm and a thrombotic storm. SARS-CoV (2003) induces Cox-2, catalyzing the synthesis, from highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA), of eicosanoids and docosanoids that mediate both inflammation and thrombosis. HUFA balance be-tween arachidonic acid (AA) and other HUFA is a likely determinant of net signaling to induce a healthy or runaway physiological response. AA levels are determined by a non-protein coding regulatory polymorphisms that mostly affect the expression of FADS1, located in the FADS gene cluster on chromosome 11. Major and minor haplotypes in Europeans, and a specific functional insertion-deletion (Indel), rs66698963, consistently show major differences in circulating AA (>50%) and in the balance between AA and other HUFA (47-84%) in free living humans; the indel is evolutionarily selective, probably based on diet. The pattern of fatty acid responses is fully consistent with specific genetic modulation of desaturation at the FADS1-mediated 20:3 -> 20:4 step. Well established principles of net tissue HUFA levels indicate that the high linoleic acid and low alphalinoleic acid in populations drive the net balance of HUFA for any individual. We predict that fast desaturators (insertion allele at rs66698963; major haplotype in Europeans) are predisposed to higher risk and pathological responses to SARS-CoV-2 could be reduced with high dose omega-3 HUFA.
Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia: a Review of Current Options; Hypertriglyceridemia is an important marker of increased levels of highly atherogenic remnant-like particles. The importance of lowering plasma levels of triglycerides (TG) has been called into question many times, but currently it is considered an integral part of residual cardiovascular risk reduction strategies. Lifestyle changes (improved diet and increased physical activity) are effective TG lowering measures. Pharmacological treatment usually starts with statins, although associated TG reductions are typically modest. Fibrates are currently the drugs of choice for hyperTG, frequently in combination with statins. Niacin and omega-3 fatty acids improve control of triglyceride levels when the above measures are inadequately effective. Some novel therapies including anti-sense oligonucleotides and inhibitors of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein have shown significant TG lowering efficacy. The current approach to the management of hypertriglyceridemia is based on lifestyle changes and, usually, drug combinations (statin and fibrate and/or omega-3 fatty acids or niacin).
<i>DIETARY SURVEYS AND NUTRITIONAL EPIDEMIOLOGY</i> Plasma phospholipid EPA and DHA are divergently associated with overall mortality in newly diagnosed diabetic patients: results from a follow-up of the Nord-Trondelag Health (HUNT) Study, Norway; Data concerning the long-term effects of n-3 and n-6 PUFA on disease control and development of complications in diabetic patients are inconsistent. The relationship between plasma phospholipid PUFA and total mortality in type 2 diabetes is unknown. The present study aims to investigate the association between plasma phospholipid fatty acid relative concentrations expressed as weight percentage and total mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Mortality rates were evaluated at 5, 10, 15 and 20 years in patients with newly diagnosed diabetes (n 323) and matched non-diabetic controls (n 200) recruited from the Nord-Trondelag Health (HUNT) Study, Norway. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were constructed and Cox regression analysis was used to calculate hazard ratios (HR) adjusted for biochemical and clinical covariates. After 10 years of follow-up, EPA in the diabetic population was negatively associated with total mortality, with an HR at the fifth quintile of 0 .47 (95 % CI 0 .25, 0 .90) compared with the first quintile. In contrast, DHA was positively associated with total mortality, with an HR at the fifth quintile of 2 .87 (95 % CI 1 .45, 5 .66). Neither EPA nor DHA was associated with total mortality in matched non-diabetic controls. In conclusion, plasma phospholipid relative concentrations of EPA were negatively associated, while those of DHA were positively associated with total mortality in diabetics. This difference in associations suggests a differential effect of EPA and DHA in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Thickness of the cerebral cortex shows positive association with blood levels of triacylglycerols carrying 18-carbon fatty acids; Perturbations in fatty acid (FA) metabolism as well as thinning of the cerebral cortex have been associated with cognitive decline in the elderly. Predominant FAs in the brain are docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (ARA). Approximately 2-8% of esterified DHA and 3-5% of esterified ARA in the brain are replaced daily. DHA and ARA are derivatives of 18-carbon essential FAs, alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid, that must be imported into the brain from the circulation. In blood, FAs are primarily transported in triacylglycerols (TAGs) from which they can be released at the blood-brain-barrier and transported inside the brain. We show that circulating levels of TAGs carrying 18-carbon FAs are positively associated with cortical thickness in middle-aged adults. These associations are stronger in cortical regions with higher expression of genes regulating long-chain FA metabolism and cellular membranes, and cortical thickness in the same regions may be related to cognitive performance.
Fish Oil Supplementation for Management of Dyslipidemia; The use of herbal and natural remedies to prevent and manage disease is increasing in popularity. Individuals are attracted to the nonsynthetic qualities, affordability, and purity of natural remedies as compared to standard pharmacological and invasive interventions. Fish oil supplementation, for example, has been used in the management of dyslipidemia in patients choosing a natural approach to treatment or in adjunct to prescribed medication regimens. Research studies have supported the use of fish oil supplementation to reduce elevated levels of triglycerides and increase healthy cholesterol levels, as well as reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. In this article, the use of fish oil supplementation to manage dyslipidemia will be explored, and considerations for this therapy for health care providers will be discussed.
Experimental and clinical research findings on the cardiovascular benefits of consuming flaxseed; Functional foods and nutraceuticals are becoming popular alternatives to pharmacological treatments by providing health benefits and (or) reducing the risk of chronic diseases. Flaxseed is a rich source of 3 components with demonstrated cardioprotective effects: the omega-3 fatty acid a-linolenic acid (ALA), dietary fibre, and phytoestrogen lignans. Multiple clinical dietary intervention trials report that consuming flaxseed daily can modestly reduce circulating total cholesterol (TC) by 6%-11% and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 9%-18% in normolipemic humans and by 5%-17% for TC and 4%-10% for LDL cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic patients, as well as lower various markers associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in humans. Evidence to date suggests that the dietary fibre and (or) lignan content of flaxseed provides the hypocholesterolemic action. The omega-3 ALA found in the flaxseed oil fraction also contributes to the antiatherogenic effects of flaxseed via anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative mechanisms. Dietary flaxseed may also protect against ischemic heart disease by improving vascular relaxation responses and by inhibiting the incidence of ventricular fibrillation.
Highlights from Studies Presented at the Virtual American College of Cardiology Scientific Sessions 2021: Staying Updated with the Latest Advancements in Prevention; Purpose of Review This review highlights late-breaking science presented at the Virtual American College of Cardiology Scientific Sessions 2021 that demonstrated advancements in preventative cardiology and introduced novel therapeutic modalities for the management of chronic kidney disease, heart failure, and COVID-19. Recent Findings The studies reviewed include clinical trials that assessed the use of dapagliflozin in patients with respiratory failure due to COVID-19 (DARE-19 trial); evinacumab for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia and pancreatitis; effect of genotype-guided oral P2y12 inhibitors vs conventional clopidogrel on long-term ischemic outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention (TAILOR-PCI trial); anticoagulation in patients hospitalized with COVID-19 (ACTION trial); atorvastatin vs placebo in patients with COVID-19 admitted to the ICU (INSPIRATION-S trial); rehabilitation therapy in older acute heart failure patients (REHAB-HF trial); and aspirin dosing: a patient-centric trial assessing benefits and long-term effectiveness (ADAPTABLE trial). In addition, we review the results of the American College of Cardiology Global Heart Attack Initiative (GHATI). Finally, we discuss the secondary analysis of the STRENGTH trial assessing the association of achieved levels of omega-3 fatty acid levels and major cardiovascular outcomes. The studies presented at the virtual American College of Cardiology Scientific Session 2021 represent remarkable contributions in the field of cardiovascular disease and prevention.
Effects of nutritional interventions on cognitive function in adult cancer survivors: A systematic review; AimTo evaluate the effectiveness and safety of nutritional interventions (i.e. nutritional support, dietary patterns and dietary supplements) on cognitive function in cancer survivors.DesignSystematic review.MethodsA systematic and comprehensive search of PubMed, Web of Science, the Cochrane Library, Embase, and CINAHL was conducted from the inception until March 10, 2023. The last search was conducted on December 10, 2023.Reporting MethodPRISMA.ResultsA total of 59 randomized controlled trials were included for analysis. Nutritional support, dietary patterns and dietary supplements improved cognitive function in cancer survivors with no apparent safety concerns. The anti-inflammatory diet, the fasting-mimicking diet and the web-based diet significantly improved cognitive function. Whereas the ketogenic diet or dietary advice to consume more soluble dietary fibres and less insoluble dietary fibres and lactose could not. There was evidence from dietary supplements to support the beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements, traditional herbal medicines and other supplements.ConclusionsNutritional interventions have great promise for improving cognitive function in adult cancer survivors. Further validation of the nutritional interventions supported in this study in other survivors and exploration of more effective nutritional interventions are needed.Implications for the Profession and/or Patient CareThis work can support the construction of nutritional support interventions and dietary guidance programs to prevent cancer-related cognitive decline.ImpactThis work filled a gap in preventive strategies for cancer-related cognitive decline from a nutritional perspective. Nutritional support, dietary patterns, and dietary supplements can prevent cancer-related cognitive decline without serious safety concerns. This work highlighted nutritional interventions that have the potential to improve cognitive function in cancer survivors, benefiting the further construction of evidence-based nutritional intervention programs.Protocol RegistrationPROSPERO.Patient or Public ContributionNo patient or public contribution.
HEMOSTATIC FUNCTION AND PLATELET POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN ESKIMOS; Death from cardiovascular disease is rare among Eskimos. Hemostasis was investigated in 21 Greenland Eskimos and 21 age and sex matched Danish controls. Platelet lipid analysis demonstrated that a high consumption of .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (such as cis 5, 8, 11, 14, 17-eicosapentaenoic acid [C20:5]) by Eskimos increased the proportion of .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the platelets. The Eskimos had a significantly longer bleeding-time due to reduced platelet aggregation. C20:5 in the platelets may be converted by the vascular endothelium to anti-aggregatory prostacyclin. Partial dietary substitution of arachidonic acid by eicosapentaenoic acid may reduce the incidence of thrombotic disorders, including myocardial infarction.
Effect of soy product kinako and fish oil on serum lipids and glucose metabolism in women with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: At the doses typically used to treat hypertriacylglycerolemia, fish oil may increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood glucose levels. The aim of the present study was to verify whether soy could attenuate the effects of fish oil on blood lipids and carbohydrate metabolism in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Fish oil for prevention of sudden death in hemodialysis patients?; Friedman et al. report that hemodialysis patients with the highest levels of n-3 fatty acids had impressively low odds of sudden cardiac death. The study is limited by a small sample size, and the analysis relies on only a single baseline measurement of blood levels. Recent randomized evidence indeed fails to support that n-3 fatty acids may prevent sudden death in nonrenal patients. More evidence is needed to advocate fish oil in this setting.
Aging and the Effects of Vitamins and Supplements; Vitamin supplements are commonly consumed by elderly patients. This article reviews the evidence behind vitamin supplementation in preventing disease states common in older age, with an emphasis on randomized controlled trials. In addition to vitamins, some commonly used supplements, such as ginkgo, DHEA, and omega-3 fatty acids, are also discussed.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Mediated Regulation of Membrane Biochemistry and Tumor Cell Membrane Integrity; Particular dramatic macromolecule proteins are responsible for various cellular events in our body system. Lipids have recently recognized a lot more attention of scientists for understanding the relationship between lipid and cellular function and human health However, a biological membrane is formed with a lipid bilayer, which is called a P-L-P design. Our body system is balanced through various communicative signaling pathways derived from biological membrane proteins and lipids. In the case of any fatal disease such as cancer, the biological membrane compositions are altered. To repair the biological membrane composition and prevent cancer, dietary fatty acids, such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, are essential in human health but are not directly synthesized in our body system. In this review, we will discuss the alteration of the biological membrane composition in breast cancer. We will highlight the role of dietary fatty acids in altering cellular composition in the P-L-P bilayer. We will also address the importance of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to regulate the membrane fluidity of cancer cells.
Double-blind, randomized trial of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in formula fed to preterm infants; Objective. We tested the hypothesis that balanced addition of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) to preterm formula during the first weeks of life would confer long-term neurodevelopmental advantage in a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial of preterm formula with and without preformed LCPUFA.
The Use of an Inflammation-Modulating Diet in Patients With Acute Lung Injury or Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: A Meta-Analysis of Outcome Data; Background: This meta-analysis of clinical trials compares an inflammation-modulating diet enriched with eicosapentacnoic acid (EPA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), and elevated antioxidants (EPA + GLA) vs a control diet to determine the effectiveness of this specialized diet on oxygenation and clinical outcomes in mechanically ventilated patients with acute lung injury (ALI)/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Clinical Trials Register, and the U.S. National Institute of Health Clinical Trials databases were searched. The outcome measures assessed were 28-day in-hospital mortality, 28-day ventilator-free and intensive care unit (ICU)-free days, and the development of new organ failures. An evaluation of oxygenation and ventilatory variables was also performed. Outcomes were analyzed using both fixed-effects and random-effects models. Results: Three randomized controlled studies (n = 411 patients) were included in this meta-analysis. Among the most important findings of this evaluation is a significant reduction in the risk of mortality (odds ratio [OR] = 0.40; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.24-0.68; P = .001), with significant reductions in the risk of developing new organ failures (OR = 0.17; 95% Cl = 0.08-0.34; P < .0001), time on mechanical ventilation (standardized mean difference [SMD] = 0.56; 95% CI = 0.32-0.79; P < .0001), and ICU stay (SMD = 0.51; 95% CI = 0.27-0.74; P < .0001) in patients who received EPA + GLA. Conclusions: The meta-analysis showed a significant reduction in the risk of mortality as well as relevant improvements in oxygenation and clinical outcomes of ventilated patients with ALI/ARDS given EPA + GLA. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Man 2008;32:596-605)
Effects of Extract from Cole Pollen on Lipid Metabolism in Experimental Hyperlipidemic Rats; In order to evaluate the effects of extract by SCE (supercritical carbon dioxide extraction) from cole pollen on lipid metabolism in hyperlipidemic rats, the experimental hyperlipidemic rats were established by providing with high fat diets, and randomized into six groups. After four weeks of perfusion diets into stomach, the rats were executed, and lipid levels of serum and hepatic tissue were detected. The serum levels of TC and TG were significantly lower in the pollen extract groups and MC group than in HFC group. Hepatic TC levels were decreased in rats fed pollen extract and lovastatin compared with HFC group. A higher concentration of HDL-C and apoAI in hepatic tissue was measured after intake of the pollen extract compared to the HFC group (P < 0.05). LCAT activity in serum of pollen extract groups was significantly higher than that in HFC group, and also HMG-CoA reductase showed decreasing tendency in pollen extract groups. The contents of DHA in pollen extract groups were found higher than those in HFC group. Cole pollen extract enriched in alpha-linolenic acid is likely to be a novel source of ALA which is probably responsible for favorable lipid changes through promoting transportation, excretion, and metabolism of cholesterol in hepatic tissue and serum.
Effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on ischemic heart disease and cardiometabolic risk factors: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study; Background The cardioprotective ability of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is controversial. Most studies suggest a specific role for PUFAs in cardioprotection from ischemic heart disease (IHD). However, few studies have used genetic biomarkers of n-3 PUFAs to examine their potential relationships with IHD. This study aimed to use Mendelian randomization to evaluate whether genetically-predicted n-3 PUFAs affect IHD and cardiometabolic risk factors (CRFs). Methods Genetic variants strongly (p < 5 x 10(-8)) and independently (r(2) > 0.1) associated with n-3 PUFAs were derived from the CHARGE Consortium (including 8,866 subjects of European ancestry) and were used as instrumental variables (IVs) for evaluating the effect of n-3 PUFAs, including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Data on the associations between the IVs and IHD, myocardial infarction, and CRFs (including diabetes, lipids, blood pressure, body mass index, and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR)) were obtained from the UK Biobank SOFT CAD GWAS with the CARDIoGRAMplusC4D 1000 Genomes-based GWAS (113,937 IHD cases and 339,115 controls), the Myocardial Infarction Genetics and CARDIoGRAM Exome consortia (42,335 MI cases and 78,240 controls), the DIAbetes Genetics Replication And Meta-analysis consortium (26,676 diabetes mellitus cases and 132,532 controls), the Global Lipids Genetics Consortium (n = 196,475), the International Consortium for Blood Pressure (n = 69,395), and the meta-analysis of GWAS for body fat distribution in the UK Biobank and Genetic Investigation of Anthropometric Traits (n = 694,649). Results Genetically-predicted higher ALA was associated with lower risk of IHD, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and lower serum lipids. The effect size per 0.05-unit increase (about 1 standard deviation) in plasma ALA level) was - 1.173 (95% confidence interval - 2.214 to - 0.133) for IHD. DPA and EPA had no association with IHD but were associated with a higher risk of T2D, higher levels of lipids or WHR. DHA had no association with IHD or CRFs. Conclusions Our study suggests a benefit of ALA for IHD and its main risk factors. DHA, DPA, and EPA had no association with IHD but were partly associated with increasing cardiometabolic risk factors.
<i>G0S2</i> inhibits adipogenesis and unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis by repressing the expression of <i>SCD</i> in chicken; Fatty acids metabolic products and intramuscular fat (IMF) content determine meat quality in chickens. In this study, the mechanisms of G0/G1 switch gene 2 (G0S2) underlying modulation of chicken IMF content as well as fatty acid synthesis was investigated. Several advanced techniques including Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometer (GC-MS), RNA-sequencing and lentiviral transfection were utilised. RNA-sequencing showed that 2242 differentially expressed genes were significantly different, and many of these were related to lipid catabolism, such as stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD), acyl-CoA synthetase bubblegum family member 2 (ACSBG2), and fatty acid desaturase 2 (FADS2), etc. Knocking down of G0S2 also affected the biological activities of signal transduction, catalytic activity, lipid metabolism, cell cycle and death, cell differentiation and immune response. GC-MS revealed that decreased lipid accumulation and lower unsaturated fatty acid percentage were observed in G0S2 knockdown adipocytes. Our results showed that lower expression of G0S2 decreased lipid accumulation mainly via down-regulated SCD, then regulated mRNA levels of patatin-like phospholipase domain containing 2 (PNPLA2), which was shown as a major triglyceride lipase in the liver and adipose tissue. Importantly, we further verified the regulation network of G0S2 in the thigh tissues of 12 Huangshan Black chickens, which was consistent with previous IMF results. Thus, our study highlights that G0S2 modulated chicken meat quality traits by the G0S2-SCD-PNPLA2 axis in lipid metabolism in vitro and in vivo. These findings are expected to provide a strategy from a genetic perspective for improving the meat quality.
Evaluation of Marine Microalga <i>Diacronema vlkianum</i> Biomass Fatty Acid Assimilation in Wistar Rats; Diacronema vlkianum is a marine microalgae for which supposed health promoting effects have been claimed based on its phytochemical composition. The potential use of its biomass as health ingredient, including detox-shakes, and the lack of bioavailability studies were the main concerns. In order to evaluate the microalgae-biomass assimilation and its health-benefits, single-dose (CD1-mice) studies were followed by 66-days repeated-dose study in Wistar rats with the highest tested single-dose of microalgae equivalent to 101 mg/kg eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid (EPA+DHA). Microalgae-supplementation modulated EPA and docosapentaenoic acid enrichment at arachidonic acid content expenditure in erythrocytes and liver, while increasing EPA content of heart and adipose tissues of rats. Those fatty acid (FA) changes confirmed the D. vlkianum-biomass FA assimilation. The principal component analyses discriminated brain from other tissues, which formed two other groups (erythrocytes, liver, and heart separated from kidney and adipose tissues), pointing to a distinct signature of FA deposition for the brain and for the other organs. The improved serum lipid profile, omega-3 index and erythrocyte plasticity support the cardiovascular benefits of D. vlkianum. These results bolster the potential of D. vlkianum-biomass to become a "heart-healthy" food supplement providing a safe and renewable source of bioavailable omega-3 FA.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids in animal models with neuroinflammation; Neuroinflammation is present in the majority of acute and chronic neurological disorders. Excess or prolonged inflammation in the brain is thought to exacerbate neuronal damage and loss. Identifying modulators of neuroinflammation is an active area of study since it may lead to novel therapies. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are anti-inflammatory in many non-neural tissues; their role in neuroinflammation is less studied. This review summarizes the relationship between n-3 PUFA and brain inflammation in animal models of brain injury and aging. Evidence by and large shows protective effects of n-3 PUFA in models of sickness behavior, stroke, aging, depression, Parkinson's disease, diabetes, and cytokine- and irradiation-induced cognitive impairments. However, rigorous studies that test the direct effects of n-3 PUFA in neuroinflammation in vivo are lacking. Future research in this area is necessary to determine if, and if so which, n-3 PUFA directly target brain inflammatory pathways. n-3 PUFA bioactive metabolites may provide novel therapeutic targets for neurological disorders with a neuroinflammatory component. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the recovery of cardiac function following cold preservation and reperfusion in hyperlipidemic rats; We examined the effects of supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), major components of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), on basal cardiac function and recovery of cardiac function of ''donor hearts'' from adult (30 week) rats following cold preservation and reperfusion (P/R), In groups 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively, 30-week-old rats were fed a soybean oil diet, a high-cholesterol oil (HC) diet, an HC diet with EPA, or an HC diet with DHA for 5 weeks, After collecting blood to analyze plasma levels of fatty acids among each group, the heart was excised and perfused on a Langendorff apparatus, Following evaluation of each rat's cardiac function, each heart was stored in HTK solution for 8 hr at 4 degrees C. The heart was then reperfused and the coronary perfusate was collected to evaluate enzyme that had leaked, After cardiac functional recovery was estimated, myocardial fatty acids were measured. EPA supplementation significantly increases the plasma and cardiac levels of EPA as well as the ratio of EPA to arachidonic acid (AA). EPA supplementation also led to improved recovery of cardiac function following P/R, compared with that of rats who received soybean oil, high-cholesterol oil, and DHA. DHA supplementation significantly increased the plasma and cardiac levels of DHA as well as the ratio of DHA to AA-however, the cardiac functional recovery was almost identical to that of the rats who received high-cholesterol oil and was higher only than that of the rats who received soybean oil, There were no significant differences in enzyme that had leaked and myocardial water content among each group. These results suggest that alterations in the myocardial phospholipid composition by EPA supplementation may be profoundly responsible for attenuating myocardial IIR injuries, In contrast, DHA supplementation may not exert a cardioprotective effect following cold P/R. DHA supplementation alone may not increase the myocardial level of EPA enough to cause a protective effect against P/R injury. EPA supplementation to hyperlipidemic patients may be clinically warranted for increasing the potential number of donors.
Multivitamins in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Men The Physicians' Health Study II Randomized Controlled Trial; Context Although multivitamins are used to prevent vitamin and mineral deficiency, there is a perception that multivitamins may prevent cardiovascular disease (CVD). Observational studies have shown inconsistent associations between regular multivitamin use and CVD, with no long-term clinical trials of multivitamin use.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams; BACKGROUNDDiabetes during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular complications in the fetus and extends into adulthood. Therapeutic applications of flaxseed have been studied in cardiovascular disorders, because its oilseed is the best plant source of omega-3 fatty acid, which is currently considered by researchers to be an essential protective against cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and oil on cardiovascular biochemical parameters and the histoarchitecture of the aorta in adult rats which were offspring of diabetic mothers.
Pharmacological approaches in either intermittent or permanent hypoxia: A tale of two exposures; Hypoxia induces several responses at cardiovascular, pulmonary and reproductive levels, which may lead to chronic diseases. This is relevant in human populations exposed to high altitude (HA), in either chronic continuous (permanent inhabitants) or intermittent fashion (HA workers, tourists and mountaineers). In Chile, it is estimated that 1.000.000 people live at highlands and more than 55.000 work in HA shifts.
Mechanism of Chronic Kidney Disease Progression and Novel Biomarkers: A Metabolomic Analysis of Experimental Glomerulonephritis; While a complex network of cellular and molecular events is known to be involved in the pathophysiological mechanism of chronic kidney disease (CKD), the divergence point between reversal and progression and the event that triggers CKD progression are still unknown. To understand the different mechanisms between reversible and irreversible kidney disease and to search for urinary biomarkers that can predict prognosis, a metabolomic analysis was applied to compare acute and chronic experimental glomerulonephritis (GN) models. Four metabolites, namely, epoxyoctadecenoic acid (EpOME), epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid (EpETE), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and hydroxyretinoic acid, were identified as predictive markers after comparing the chronic nephritis model with acute nephritis and control groups (false discovery rate adjusted p-value (q-value) < 0.05). Renal mRNA expression of cytochrome P450 and epoxide hydrolase was also identified as being involved in the production of epoxide metabolites from these polyunsaturated fatty acids (p < 0.05). These results suggested that the progression of chronic kidney disease is associated with abnormally activated epoxide hydrolase, leading to an increase in EpOME and EpETE as pro-inflammatory eicosanoids.
Mercury, omega-3 fatty acids, and seafood intake are not associated with heart rate variability or QT interval; Mercury (Hg), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations differ across seafood types. Our aim was to investigate the association of Hg, EPA, and DHA, as well as avid consumption of diverse seafood types, with cardiovascular variables heart rate variability (HRV) and QT interval duration (QTc) in a contemporary population. We measured HRV and QTc by Holter monitor, EPA and DHA in plasma, total Hg in whole blood, and possible confounders in 94 avid seafood consumers from Long Island, NY. Participants had mean Hg of 8.4 mcg/L, mean EPA of 1.2%, and mean DHA of 3.7% of total fatty acids. Adjusted for possible confounders, EPA+DHA, Hg, and total seafood consumption were not associated with HRV or QTc. Associations with consumption of specific seafood types were suggested (eg, tuna steak with QTc and anchovies with HRV) but require verification.
The Effect of Monosodium Glutamate on Neuronal Signaling Molecules in the Hippocampus and the Neuroprotective Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is a flavoring substance added to many ready-to-eat foods and has known neurotoxic effects. This study was performed in order to examine the potential toxic effect of MSG on neurons in various regions of the hippocampus in prepubertal rats. It also investigated the protective effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahex-aenoic acid (DHA) on brain-derived neurotropic factor (BDNF), n-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDA-R), and neuropeptide-Y (NPY) expression in the brain, using immunohistochemical and biochemical methods. Six female prepubertal Wistar albino rats were used in each group. Group 1, the control group, received 0.9% saline solution subcutaneously (sc) on days 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. Group 2 received 4 mg/g MSG sc on days 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. Group 3 received MSG + EPA (4 mg/g sc on days 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. Oral 300 mg/kg for 9 d), while Group 4 received MSG + DHA (4 mg/g sc on days 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9 and 300 mg/kg orally for 9 d, respectively). At the end of the ninth day the hippocampal regions of the brain were removed and either fixed for immunohistochemical staining or stored at -80 degrees C for biochemical parameter investigation. BDNF, NMDA-R, and NPY expression results were evaluated using immunohistochemistry and an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. According to our findings, neurons in the control group hippocampal CA1 and DG regions exhibited strong BDNF, NPY, and NMDA-R reactions, while an expression in both regions decreased in the MSG group (p < 0.00). However, in the MSG-EPA and MSG-DHA groups, BDNF, NPY, and NMDA-R immunoreactions in neurons in the same region were similar to those of the control group (p = 0.00). No significant difference was observed in terms of expression in hippocampal neurons between the MSG-EPA and MSG-DHA groups (p > 0.00). In conclusion, since MSG caused a decrease in BDNF, NMDA-R, and NPY neural signaling molecules in the CA1 and DG regions of the hippocampus of prepubertal rats compared to the control group, care is required over the consumption of MSG, since it may affect memory-related neurons in these age groups. In addition, we concluded that the use of omega-3 fatty acids such as EPA and DHA in addition to MSG may protect against the neurotoxic effects of MSG.
N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS IN HEART FAILURE: MECHANISMS AND RECENT CLINICAL EVIDENCE; Over the past 20 years, there has been significant progress in our knowledge of the pathophysiology of heart failure (HF) with consequent considerable development of both pharmacological and non pharmacological approaches. Despite improved therapeutic strategies, HF still remains burdensome in terms of mortality, quality of life, and hospitalization costs. A new and promising medical treatment to improve survival in HF patients stems from the recent results of the Italian study, Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico-Heart Failure (GISSI-HF). GISSI-HF was a randomized, large scale, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial showing that n-3 PUFA (850-882 mg/d) reduced mortality and admission to the hospital for cardiovascular reasons in patients with chronic heart failure (HF) who were already receiving recommended therapies. The clinical benefit observed in GISSI-HF seemed to be mediated prominently by the antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 PUFA, though an effect on mechanisms related to HF progression cannot be excluded. This article presents the results of GISSI-HF study and reviews the previous clinical evidence on n-3 PUFA and risk of heart failure and discusses in depth the potential mechanisms through which n-3 PUFA treatment can improve clinical outcome in HF patients.
Delta-5-desaturase: A novel therapeutic target for cancer management; Delta-5 desaturase (D5D) is a rate-limiting enzyme that introduces double-bonds to the delta-5 position of the n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid chain. Since fatty acid metabolism is a vital factor in cancer development, several recent studies have revealed that D5D activity and expression could be an independent prognostic factor in cancers. However, the mechanistic basis of D5D in cancer progression is still controversial. The classical concept believes that D5D could aggravate cancer progression via mediating arachidonic acid (AA)/prostaglandin E2 production from dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), resulting in activation of EP receptors, inflammatory pathways, and immunosuppression. On the contrary, D5D may prevent cancer progression through activating ferroptosis, which is iron-dependent cell death. Suppression of D5D by RNA interference and smallmolecule inhibitor has been identified as a promising anti-cancer strategy. Inhibition of D5D could shift DGLA peroxidation pattern from generating AA to a distinct anti-cancer free radical byproduct, 8-hydroxyoctanoic acid, resulting in activation of apoptosis pathway and simultaneously suppression of cancer cell survival, proliferation, migration, and invasion. Hence, understanding the molecular mechanisms of D5D on cancer may therefore facilitate the development of novel therapeutical applications. Given that D5D may serve as a promising target in cancer, in this review, we provide an updated summary of current knowledge on the role of D5D in cancer development and potentially useful therapeutic strategies.
Inflammation: Nutritional, botanical, and mind-body influences; Chronic inflammation is becoming an important risk factor to identify in regard to inhibiting disease onset and its progression. Nutritional science attempted to improve health by manipulating fats so that we could consume "healthy" nonsaturated fats while simultaneously allowing foods to have a longer shelf-life. However, despite our good intentions, trans-fats and partially hydrogenated oils have been found to promote inflammation and adversely affect health. This article reviews how essential fatty acids, the ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acids, glycemic load, the Mediterranean diet, specific foods and botanicals, and the mind-body relation influence the inflammatory cascade.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Signalolipidomics in Nutrition: Significance in Aging, Neuroinflammation, Macular Degeneration, Alzheimer's, and Other Neurodegenerative Diseases; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are critical nutritional lipids that must be obtained from the diet to sustain homeostasis. Omega-3 and -6 PUFAs are key components of biomembranes and play important roles in cell integrity, development, maintenance, and function. The essential omega-3 fatty acid family member docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is avidly retained and uniquely concentrated in the nervous system, particularly in photoreceptors and synaptic membranes. DHA plays a key role in vision, neuroprotection, successful aging, memory, and other functions. In addition, DHA displays anti-inflammatory and inflammatory resolving properties in contrast to the proinflammatory actions of several members of the omega-6 PUFAs family. This review discusses DHA signalolipidomics, comprising the cellular/tissue organization of DHA uptake, its distribution among cellular compartments, the organization and function of membrane domains rich in DHA-containing phospholipids, and the cellular and molecular events revealed by the uncovering of signaling pathways regulated by DHA and docosanoids, the DHA-derived bioactive lipids, which include neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), a novel DHA-derived stereoselective mediator. NPD1 synthesis agonists include neurotrophins and oxidative stress; NPD1 elicits potent anti-inflammatory actions and prohomeostatic bioactivity, is anti-angiogenic, promotes corneal nerve regeneration, and induces cell survival. In the context of DIE-TA signalolipidomics, this review highlights aging and the evolving studies on the significance of DIE-TA in Alzheimer's disease, macular degeneration, Parkinson's disease, and other brain disorders. DHA signalolipidomics in the nervous system offers emerging targets for pharmaceutical intervention and clinical translation.
Lipids at the Nexus between Cerebrovascular Disease and Vascular Dementia: The Impact of HDL-Cholesterol and Ceramides; Cerebrovascular diseases and the subsequent brain hypoperfusion are at the basis of vascular dementia. Dyslipidemia, marked by an increase in circulating levels of triglycerides and LDL-cholesterol and a parallel decrease in HDL-cholesterol, in turn, is pivotal in promoting atherosclerosis which represents a common feature of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. In this regard, HDL-cholesterol has traditionally been considered as being protective from a cardiovascular and a cerebrovascular prospective. However, emerging evidence suggests that their quality and functionality play a more prominent role than their circulating levels in shaping cardiovascular health and possibly cognitive function. Furthermore, the quality of lipids embedded in circulating lipoproteins represents another key discriminant in modulating cardiovascular disease, with ceramides being proposed as a novel risk factor for atherosclerosis. This review highlights the role of HDL lipoprotein and ceramides in cerebrovascular diseases and the repercussion on vascular dementia. Additionally, the manuscript provides an up-to-date picture of the impact of saturated and omega-3 fatty acids on HDL circulating levels, functionality and ceramide metabolism.
Immunonutrition as an adjuvant therapy for burns; Background
The impact of intravenous fish oil emulsions on pediatric intestinal failure-associated liver disease; Purpose of review
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on cardiovascular events in Japanese patients with hypercholesterolemia: Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics of the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS); Hypothesis The principle aim of the current study is to test the hypothesis that the long-term use of highly purified EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid: 1800 mg/day), in addition to HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, is effective in preventing cardiovascular events in Japanese patients with hypercholesterolemia.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Reduces Traumatic Axonal Injury in a Rodent Head Injury Model; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) remains the most common cause of death in persons under age 45 in the Western world. Recent evidence from animal studies suggests that supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) improves functional outcomes following focal neural injury. The purpose of this study is to determine the benefits of DHA supplementation following diffuse axonal injury in rats. Four groups of 10 adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were subjected to an impact acceleration injury and then received 30 days of supplementation with either 10 mg/kg/d or 40 mg/kg/d of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Serum fatty acid levels were determined from the isolated plasma phospholipids prior to injury and at the end of the 30 days of DHA supplementation. Following sacrifice, brainstem white matter tracts underwent fluorescent immunohistochemical processing for labeling of beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP), a marker of axonal injury. Dietary supplementation with either 10 mg/kg/d or 40 mg/kg/d of DHA for 30 days results in significantly (p < 0.05) increased DHA serum levels of 123% and 175% over baseline, respectively. Immunohistochemical analysis reveals significantly (p < 0.05) decreased numbers of APP-positive axons in animals receiving dietary supplementation with DHA, 26.1 (SD 5.3) for 10 mg/kg/d, and 19.6 (SD 4.7) for 40 mg/kg/d axons per mm(2), versus 147.7 (SD 7.1) axons in unsupplemented animals. Sham-injured animals had 6.4 (SD 13.9) APP positive axons per mm(2). Dietary supplementation with DHA increases serum levels in a dose-dependent manner. DHA supplementation significantly reduces the number of APP-positive axons at 30 days post-injury, to levels similar to seen those in uninjured animals. DHA is safe, affordable, and readily available worldwide to potentially reduce the burden of TBI.
Altered Plasma Fatty Acids Associate with Gut Microbial Composition in Common Variable Immunodeficiency; Purpose Fatty acid (FA) abnormalities are found in various inflammatory disorders and have been related to disturbed gut microbiota. Patients with common variable immunodeficiency (CVID) have inflammatory complications associated with altered gut microbial composition. We hypothesized that there is an altered FA profile in CVID patients, related to gut microbial dysbiosis. Methods Plasma FAs were measured in 39 CVID patients and 30 healthy controls. Gut microbial profile, a food frequency questionnaire, and the effect of the oral antibiotic rifaximin were investigated in CVID patients. Results The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (1.4 [1.0-1.8] vs. 1.9 [1.2-2.5], median (IQR), P < 0.05), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (3.2 [2.4-3.9] vs. 3.5 [2.9-4.3], P < 0.05), all values expressed as weight percent of total plasma FAs, were reduced in CVID compared to controls. Also, n-6 PUFAs (34.3 +/- 3.4 vs. 37.1 +/- 2.8, mean +/- SD, P < 0.001) and linoleic acid (LA) (24.5 +/- 3.3 vs. 28.1 +/- 2.7, P < 0.0001) and the FA anti-inflammatory index (98.9 [82.1-119.4] vs. 117.0 [88.7-153.1], median (IQR), P < 0.05) were reduced in CVID. The microbial alpha diversity was positively associated with plasma n-6 PUFAs (r = 0.41, P < 0.001) and LA (r = 0.51, P < 0.001), but not n-3 PUFAs (P = 0.78). Moreover, a 2-week course of rifaximin significantly reduced the proportion of n-6 PUFAs (P = 0.04, UNIANOVA). Serum immunoglobulin G (IgG) levels correlated with plasma n-3 PUFAs (rho = 0.36, P = 0.03) and DHA (rho = 0.41, P = 0.009). Conclusion We found a potentially unfavorable FA profile in CVID, related to low IgG levels. High plasma n-6 PUFAs were related to increased gut microbial diversity and altered by rifaximin therapy.
DRUGS AFFECTING PLASMA-FIBRINOGEN LEVELS; Current knowledge indicates that high plasma levels of fibrinogen help predict stroke and myocardial infarction.  It is known that plasma fibrinogen is synthesized in the liver, that interleukin-6 (IL-6) affects this synthesis, and that, when exposed to appropriate stimuli, monocytes generate a variety of monokines, including IL-6.  It is also known that prolonged administration of N-3 fatty acids, ticlopidine, fibrates, pentoxifylline, or alcohol lower plasma fibrinogen levels.  The mechanism(s) involved in this effect are poorly understood.  However, in view of the role of IL-6 and monocytes in the regulation of plasma fibrinogen levels, it is conceivable that the lowering effect of these drugs involves effects on some steps of the regulatory machinery.  In addition to fibrinogen, IL-6 regulates the synthesis of other acute-phase proteins.  This raises the question of whether high plasma fibrinogen levels do reflect the response of an acute-phase reactant to the severity of the atherosclerotic vascular damage taking place.  Current evidence is inconclusive with respect to this possibility.  On the other hand, the epidemiological data available indicate that measurements of plasma fibrinogen should be included in the cardiovascular risk-factor profile.  In view of this, we believe that information emerging from population-based studies in which plasma fibrinogen is measured is important to identify appropriate directions to be followed to address unsolved issues in the area.
EFFECTS OF VARIOUS SERUM CHOLESTEROL LOWERING PROCEDURES AND AGENTS IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE; In a series of over 500 cardiac patients, those with clinical evidence of aortitis and coronary artery disease had, as a rule, high serum cholesterol levels. These patients were treated with various regimens for varying lengths of time. Most patients on long-term dietary restriction of fats as out-patients responded with an average reduction of 12.5% in cholesterol, 9% in phospholipids and 5% in beta lipoproteins; this therapy was administered for 1,100 days. The administration of phytosterols and estrogens and nonfeminizing chlorotrianisine showed very little more reduction, 13% and 14%. Phenyethyl acetadmide, PEAA., alone reduced cholesterol levels only 9%; when it was combined with either niacin, 3 x 50 mg, or MRD 507A, 6 x 500 mg, reductions were 20% and 8.6%, respectively. Cholestyramine, 4 g tid, accomplished about the same amount of reduction. On the other hand, the addition of capsules of unsaturated fatty acid to the ordinary diet was followed by a 4% reduction. Triparanol (MER-29) produced only 10.2% reduction of cholesterol levels in 103 patients over 480 days; the serious side effects of this drug caused it to be withdrawn from the market. The administration of the first dextrarotary thyroid homologue, D-di-iodothyronine acetic acid (Diac), resulted in only 10.5% lowering of cholesterol, 17.5% of phospholipids and 2.5% of beta lipoproteins. However, D-tri-iodothyronine propionic acid, (Triopron) produced an average reduction of 37.5% in cholesterol levels in 60 patients over an average of 290 days, while the D-tetra-iodothyronine, sodium D-thyroxin (Choloxin), caused a reduction of 21-5% in 61 patients over an average period of 271 days. These latter data, especially the conspicuous effects of thyroid homologues, indicate that these are effective agents for the reduction of human serum cholesterol, phospholipid and beta lipoprotein levels. The patients on the thyroid homologues therapy volunteered that they felt better and had lost some weight. Side effects of thyroid homologues were minimal, consisting of nervousness, tachycardia, and premature contractions, with the occasional production of angina pectoris, but most of the patients improved on this therapy.
Association of dietary fatty acids and the incidence risk of cardiovascular disease in adults: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Prospective Study; BackgroundConsidering the inconsistent available findings regarding the cardioprotective effect of dietary fatty acid composition, we prospectively examined the feasible association between the dietary fatty acids and the cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence in framework of the population-based Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.MethodsA total of 2369 participants (19-70years, 43.5% men) without CVD at baseline (2006-2008) were included and followed-up for 6.7years. Fatty acids' dietary intake was estimated using a 168-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. The CVD incidence risk across tertiles of dietary fatty acids was predicted via Cox proportional hazards regression models.ResultsThe average age and body mass index of the included population were 38.513.3years and 26.6 +/- 4.8kg/m(2) at baseline. Over 6.7years of follow-up, 79 cases of CVD were detected. The risk of CVD was lower in upper tertile of monounsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid + eicosapentaenoic acid among the tertiles. No significant associations were found between total fat, saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids' intake, and CVD.Conclusions Our results suggest that the dietary fatty acid composition might affect the incidence risk of CVD within the Iranian population.
Egg n-3 Fatty Acid Composition Modulates Biomarkers of Choline Metabolism in Free-Living Lacto-Ovo-Vegetarian Women of Reproductive Age; The lacto-ovo-vegetarian (LOV) dietary regimen allows eggs, which are a rich source of choline. Consumption of eggs by by women may be especially important during pregnancy and lactation when demand for choline is high. The aim of this single blind, randomized, crossover-feeding study was to determine how near-daily egg consumption influenced biomarkers of choline metabolism in healthy LOV women of reproductive age (n=15). Because long-chain n-3 fatty acids could influence choline metabolism, the effect of n-3 enriched vs nonenriched eggs on choline metabolites was also investigated. Three 8-week dietary treatments consisting of six n-3 enriched eggs per week, six nonenriched eggs per week, and an egg-free control phase were separated by 4-week washout periods. Choline metabolites were quantified in fasted plasma collected before and after each treatment and differences in posttreatment choline metabolite concentrations were determined with linear mixed models. The n-3 enriched and nonenriched egg treatments produced different choline metabolite profiles compared with the egg-free control; however, response to the eggs did not differ (P>0.1). Consumption of the n-3 enriched egg treatment yielded higher plasma free choline (P=0.02) and betaine (P<0.01) (vs egg-free control) concentrations, whereas consumption of the nonenriched egg treatment yielded borderline higher (P=0.06) plasma phosphatidylcholine (vs egg-free control) levels. Neither egg treatment increased levels of plasma trimethylamine oxide, a gut-flora dependent oxidative choline metabolite implicated as a possible risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Overall these data suggest that egg fatty-acid composition modulates the metabolic use of choline.
TRPA1 Is a Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Sensor in Mammals; Fatty acids can act as important signaling molecules regulating diverse physiological processes. Our understanding, however, of fatty acid signaling mechanisms and receptor targets remains incomplete. Here we show that Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin 1 (TRPA1), a cation channel expressed in sensory neurons and gut tissues, functions as a sensor of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in vitro and in vivo. PUFAs, containing at least 18 carbon atoms and three unsaturated bonds, activate TRPA1 to excite primary sensory neurons and enteroendocrine cells. Moreover, behavioral aversion to PUFAs is absent in TRPA1-null mice. Further, sustained or repeated agonism with PUFAs leads to TRPA1 desensitization. PUFAs activate TRPA1 non-covalently and independently of known ligand binding domains located in the N-terminus and 5th transmembrane region. PUFA sensitivity is restricted to mammalian (rodent and human) TRPA1 channels, as the drosophila and zebrafish TRPA1 orthologs do not respond to DHA. We propose that PUFA-sensing by mammalian TRPA1 may regulate pain and gastrointestinal functions.
The role of long chain fatty acids and their epoxide metabolites in nociceptive signaling; Lipid derived mediators contribute to inflammation and the sensing of pain. The contributions of omega-6 derived prostanoids in enhancing inflammation and pain sensation are well known. Less well explored are the opposing anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects of the omega-6 derived epoxyeicosatrienoic acids. Far less has been described about the epoxidized metabolites derived from omega-3 long chain fatty acids. The epoxide metabolites are turned over rapidly with enzymatic hydrolysis by the soluble epoxide hydrolase being the major elimination pathway. Despite this, the overall understanding of the role of lipid mediators in the pathology of chronic pain is growing. Here, we review the role of long chain fatty acids and their metabolites in alleviating both acute and chronic pain conditions. We focus specifically on the epoxidized metabolites of omega-6 and omega-3 long chain fatty acids as well as a novel strategy to modulate their activity in vivo. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Nutritional composition and antioxidant activity of four tomato (<i>Lycopersicon esculentum</i> L.) farmer' varieties in Northeastern Portugal homegardens; The nutritional and antioxidant composition of four tomato Portuguese farmer' varieties widely cultivated in homegardens was determined. The analysed components included macronutrients, individual profiles of sugars and fatty acids by chromatographic techniques, hydrophilic antioxidants such as vitamin C, phenolics, flavonols and anthocyanins, and lipophilic antioxidants such as tocopherols, beta-carotene and lycopene. Furthermore, the antioxidant activity was evaluated through DPPH scavenging activity, reducing power, beta-carotene bleaching inhibition and TBARS formation inhibition. One of the four varieties, which is locally known as round tomato or potato tomato, proved to be the most powerful in antioxidant activity (EC50 values <= 1.63 mg/ml), phenolic compounds (phenolics 31.23 mg CIAE/g extract, flavonols 6.36 mg QE/g extract and anthocyanins 3.45 mg ME/g extract) and carotenoids (beta-carotene 0.51 mg/100 g and lycopene 9.49 mg/100 g), while the so-called yellow tomato variety revealed interesting nutritional composition, including higher fructose (3.42 g/100 g), glucose (3.18 g/100 g), alpha-linolenic acid (15.53%) and total tocopherols (1.44 mg/100 g) levels. Overall, these farmer' varieties of garden tomato cultivated in the Northeastern Portuguese region could contribute as sources of important antioxidants related to the prevention of chronic diseases associated to oxidative stress, such as cancer and coronary artery disease. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypertriglyceridemia: what is the management?; Hypertriglyceridemia is a frequent dyslipidernia. It is often neglicted and poorly known. It is due to several metabolism disturbances with a great heterogeneity. It is associated a high cardiovascular risk, and, in major hypertriglyceridemia to a high risk of severe acute pancreatitis. Genetic abnormalite may play an exclusive role but there is a strong interaction with nutrition and weight. Its treatment is often difficult, we a main role of dietetic advices, particularly in the metabolism syndrome. Fibrates and statins are useful, as are omega 3 fat acids. In hyperchylomicronemia, new agents are emergercy.
Untargeted Metabolomics Based Prediction of Therapeutic Potential for Apigenin and Chrysin; The prominent flavonoids apigenin and chrysin have been demonstrated to have systemic benefits. Our previous work was first to establish the impact of apigenin and chrysin on cellular transcriptome. In the current study, we have revealed the ability of apigenin and chrysin to alter the cellular metabolome based on our untargeted metabolomics. Based on our metabolomics data, both these structurally related flavonoids demonstrate diverging and converging properties. Apigenin demonstrated the potential to possess anti-inflammatory and vasorelaxant properties through the upregulation of intermediate metabolites of alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid pathways. Chrysin, on the other hand, exhibited abilities to inhibit protein and pyrimidine synthesis along with downregulation of gluconeogenesis pathways based on the altered metabolites detected. Chrysin-mediated metabolite changes are mostly due to its ability to modulate L-alanine metabolism and the urea cycle. On the other hand, both the flavonoids also demonstrated converging properties. Apigenin and chrysin were able to downregulate metabolites involved in cholesterol biosynthesis and uric acid synthesis, namely 7-dehydrocholesterol and xanthosine, respectively. This work will provide understanding regarding the diverse therapeutic potential of these naturally occurring flavonoids and help us in curbing an array of metabolic complications.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease frequency and associated factors at admission of acute stroke; Background/purpose of the study If non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) frequency is very high in stroke patients, NAFLD may be a risk factor for stroke and identifying factors of NAFLD presence may lead to stroke prevention. This retrospective study aimed to investigate whether NAFLD frequency was very high and identify factors associated with NAFLD presence at acute stroke admission. Methods We included stroke patients aged 40 - 79 years who (1) were admitted from 2016 to 2019, within 24 h of onset; (2) underwent abdominal ultrasonography; and (3) underwent blood examination of biomarkers. We evaluated the frequency and significant factors of NAFLD presence. Results Among 1672 stroke patients, 676 patients met our inclusion criteria, and 267 patients (39.5%) had NAFLD. Compared to patients without NAFLD, patients with NAFLD were young; had high anthropometric values; high blood pressure; low aspartate aminotransferase/alanine aminotransferase ratio (AST/ALT) ratio; high levels of liver enzymes, serum albumin, HbA1c, and serum lipids; low-density lipoprotein; high serum level of some fatty acids; and high fatty acid% of palmitic acid (PA) and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA). After excluding variables with multicollinearity, independent NAFLD-presence factors were high body mass index (BMI), low AST/ALT ratio, high serum albumin level, high PA%, and high DGLA level. Conclusions The frequency of NAFLD was high in our patient group. Significant NAFLD-presence factors were high BMI, low AST/ALT ratio, high serum albumin level, high PA%, and high DGLA level. A further study is warranted to determine the effects of the NAFLD-presence factors on stroke onset or prevention.
Effects of fatty and lean fish intake on blood pressure in subjects with coronary heart disease using multiple medications; Background Intake of fish and long-chain n-3 fatty acids has been of wide interest due to their beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors and lower coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. Aim of the study The aim of this pilot study was to examine the effects of fatty fish and lean (white) fish on fatty acid composition of serum lipids and cardiovascular risk factors in subjects with CHD using multiple drugs for this condition. Methods The study was an 8-week controlled, parallel intervention. Inclusion criteria were myocardial infarction or unstable ischemic attack, age under 70 years, use of betablockers and presence of sinus rhythm. The subjects were randomized to one of the following groups: 4 meals/week fatty fish (n = 11), 4 meals/week lean fish (n = 12) and control diet including lean meat (n = 10). Results The mean (+/- SD) of reported fish meals per week was 4.3 +/- 0.4, 4.7 +/- 1.1 and 0.6 +/- 0.4 in the groups, respectively. The proportions of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids in serum lipids increased in the fatty fish group only (P < 0.05). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels decreased in the lean fish group (0 vs. 8 week: 3.5 +/- 3.2 and 4.6 +/- 3.6%, respectively, P < 0.05). Serum total triglyceride concentration did not significantly change. HDL cholesterol concentration change differed among groups but without significant post hoc differences. Apolipoprotein A-1 concentration decreased in the control group (0 vs. 8 week, P < 0.05). Coagulation factors, 25-hydroxy vitamin D, and heart rate variability (24 h Holter) did not change among the groups. Conclusions Our results suggest that intake of lean fish at least four times per week could reduce blood pressure levels in CHD patients.
Nutrition and apoptosis; The objective of this review is to summarize information about the role of apoptosis in mediating the effects of nutritional interventions which prolong life span, suppress autoimmune diseases, and decrease tumorigenesis. Nutritional interventions such as calorie restriction (CR) likely postpone the accumulation of damaging effects that accompany ad libitum (AL) food intake and aging. However, the beneficial effects of CR or other nutritional interventions may not be limited to progressive, slowly accumulating events, but may also include important effects during growth and development. An example of the latter would include modulation of the selection and editing processes occurring in the thymus during maturation of the immune system. Regulation of apoptosis may be particularly relevant to these developmental processes, though decreased apoptosis also plays a role in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases and age-related events such as tumorigenesis. Therefore, we will review the evidence that increased apoptosis mediates the effect of CR (and/or supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids), suppresses tumors, ameliorates autoimmune diseases, and prolongs life span. Copyright (C) 1996 Elsevier Science Inc.
Lifestyle and stroke risk: a review; Purpose of review
Effects of flaxseed supplementation on erythrocyte fatty acids and multiple cardiometabolic biomarkers among Chinese with risk factors of metabolic syndrome; We investigated effects of ground whole flaxseed supplementation on erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and serum biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and thrombosis in Chinese with risk factors of metabolic syndrome (MetS).
Colostrum supplementation with n-3 fatty acids does not alter calf outcome on a healthy commercial farm; Our objective was to supplement colostrum with n-3 fatty acids (FA) to provide anti-inflammatory mediators that may improve the immune response of neonatal calves. Elevated markers of inflammation have been associated with increased occurrence of calf disease in early life, thus decreasing animal productivity. We hypothesized that a colostrum supplement containing 60-mL of a 1:1 ratio fish:flaxseed oil blend with or without 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol might provide an advantageous start to early life by decreasing oxidative stress and regulating the inflammatory response. Calves were blocked by birth order and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: no supplement added to colostrum (control), 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend, and 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend with 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol. In total, 180 heifer calves (n = 60 per treatment) were enrolled on a commercial farm. After colostrum feeding, all calves were housed in individual hutches and fed milk replacer 3 times per day. Health was scored 3 times per week until weaning at 8 wk of age. Weight, wither height, and heart girth were measured after birth, 3 wk, and 8 wk of age to assess preweaning growth. A subgroup of 54 calves (18 blocks or 18 calves per treatment) were sampled 2 d (+/- 8 h) after birth to evaluate oxidant status, serum total protein, and inflammatory gene and cytokine protein expression in blood after an in vitro lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge as indicators of health and immunity. At 9 wk, calves were transported 18 h to another farm, and medical records were kept as an indicator of disease incidence up to 13 wk of age. Calf mortality was 1.8%, which is below industry average, and exceptional health scores were observed throughout the study. Health scores and growth were similar throughout the preweaning period regardless of treatment. Serum total protein indicated successful passive transfer in all calves, and oxidant status index was not affected by treatments on d 2 of age. Concentrations of tumor necrosis factor a increased with LPS stimulation, but the increase was not altered by treatment. Likewise, leukocyte gene expression of tumor necrosis factor a, IL-8 and IL-10, and cyclooxygenase-2 increased upon LPS stimulation, but the fold change did not differ with treatment. In conclusion, 60 mL of 1:1 ratio fish: flaxseed oil colostrum supplement did not enhance preweaning calf performance. Supplementing n-3 FA in a one-time meal may not provide the anti-inflammatory benefits observed with continuous feeding.
Impact of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in predicting ischemia/reperfusion injury and progression of myocardial damage after reperfusion in patients with ST-segment elevation acute myocardial infarction; Background: In animal models of acute myocardial infarction, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) administered before coronary occlusion have been suggested to prevent induction of ventricular arrhythmia and limit infarct size. However, the relation between the serum levels of n-3 PUFAs and ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury remains unclear.
Fenofibrate Use Is Associated With Lower Mortality and Fewer Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Diabetes: Results of 10,114 Patients From the Korean National Health Insurance Service Cohort; OBJECTIVE We investigated the long-term clinical efficacy of fenofibrate use with regard to mortality and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We performed a population-based cohort study using data of the South Korean National Health Insurance Service from 2003 to 2014. Of 63,727 participants with diabetes aged 40-79 years, 5,057 users of fenofibrate only were compared with 5,057 nonusers of fenofibrate and/or omega-3 fatty acid with 1:1 propensity matching. The primary end point was a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, percutaneous coronary revascularization, and cardiac death for a median of 3 years. RESULTS The primary end point was significantly lower in fenofibrate users compared with those using neither fenofibrate nor omega-3 fatty acid (13.4 vs. 15.5 per 1,000 person-years; hazard ratio [HR] 0.76; 95% CI 0.62-0.94; P = 0.010). Cardiac death (1.8 vs. 3.1 per 1,000 person-years; HR 0.59; 95% CI 0.352-0.987; P = 0.0446), all-cause death (7.6 vs. 15.3 per 1,000 person-years; HR 0.437; 95% CI 0.340-0.562; P < 0.0001), and stroke (6.5 vs. 8.6 per 1,000 person-years; HR 0.621; 95% CI 0.463-0.833; P = 0.0015) were significantly lower in the fenofibrate group. When the duration of fenofibrate use was stratified by quartile, the risk decreased in quartile 4, with an HR of 0.347 (95% CI 0.226-0.532; P < 0.0001). In subgroup analysis, the favorable effect of fenofibrate was sustained consistently across all subsets of patients, including those classified by LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS Use of fenofibrate was associated with a lower rate of total and cardiac mortality and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes during a 3-year follow-up in real-world large populations.
Lipid-lowering therapies for cardiovascular disease prevention and management in primary care PEER umbrella systematic review of systematic reviews; Objective To assess the benefits and harms of lipid-lowering therapies used to prevent or manage cardiovascular disease including bile acid sequestrants (BAS), ezetimibe, fibrates, niacin, omega-3 supplements, proprotein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors, and statins. Data sources MEDLINE, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and a grey literature search. Study selection Systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials published between January 2017 and March 2022 looking at statins, ezetimibe, PCSK9 inhibitors, fibrates, BAS, niacin, and omega-3 supplements for preventing cardiovascular outcomes were selected. Outcomes of interest included major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality, and adverse events. Synthesis A total of 76 systematic reviews were included. Four randomized controlled trials were also included for BAS because no efficacy systematic review was identified. Statins significantly reduced MACE (6 systematic reviews; median risk ratio [RR]=0.74; interquartile range [IQR]=0.71 to 0.76), cardiovascular mortality (7 systematic reviews; median RR=0.85, IQR=0.83 to 0.86), and all-cause mortality (8 systematic reviews; median RR=0.91, IQR=0.88 to 0.92). Major adverse cardiovascular events were also significantly reduced by ezetimibe (3 systematic reviews; median RR=0.93, IQR=0.93 to 0.94), PCSK9 inhibitors (14 systematic reviews; median RR=0.84, IQR=0.83 to 0.87), and fibrates (2 systematic reviews; mean RR=0.86), but these interventions had no effect on cardiovascular or all-cause mortality. Fibrates had no effect on any cardiovascular outcomes when added to a statin. Omega-3 combination supplements had no effect on MACE or all-cause mortality but significantly reduced cardiovascular mortality (5 systematic reviews; median RR=0.93, IQR=0.93 to 0.94). Eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester alone significantly reduced MACE (1 systematic review, RR=0.78) and cardiovascular mortality (2 systematic reviews; RRs of 0.82 and 0.82). In primary cardiovascular prevention, only statins showed consistent benefits on MACE (6 systematic reviews; median RR=0.75, IQR=0.73 to 0.78), cardiovascularall-cause mortality (7 systematic reviews, median RR=0.83, IQR=0.81 to 0.90), and all-cause mortality (8 systematic reviews; median RR=0.91, IQR=0.87 to 0.91). Conclusion Statins have the most consistent evidence for the prevention of cardiovascular complications with a relative risk reduction of about 25% for MACE and 10% to 15% for mortality. The addition of ezetimibe, a PCSK9 inhibitor, or eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester to a statin provides additional MACE risk reduction but has no effect on all-cause mortality.
Sorafenib increases cytochrome P450 lipid metabolites in patient with hepatocellular carcinoma; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a leading cause of cancer death, and medical treatment options are limited. The multikinase inhibitor sorafenib was the first approved drug widely used for systemic therapy in advanced HCC. Sorafenib might affect polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)-derived epoxygenated metabolite levels, as it is also a potent inhibitor of the soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH), which catalyzes the conversion of cytochrome-P450 (CYP)-derived epoxide metabolites derived from PUFA, such as omega-6 arachidonic acid (AA) and omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), into their corresponding dihydroxy metabolites. Experimental studies with AA-derived epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) have shown that they can promote tumor growth and metastasis, while DHA-derived 19,20-epoxydocosapentaenoic acid (19,20-EDP) was shown to have anti-tumor activity in mice. In this study, we found a significant increase in EET levels in 43 HCC patients treated with sorafenib and a trend towards increased levels of DHA-derived 19,20-EDP. We demonstrate that the effect of sorafenib on CYP- metabolites led to an increase of 19,20-EDP and its dihydroxy metabolite, whereas DHA plasma levels decreased under sorafenib treatment. These data indicate that specific supplementation with DHA could be used to increase levels of the epoxy compound 19,20-EDP with potential anti-tumor activity in HCC patients receiving sorafenib therapy.
Maternal dietary FA modulate the long-chain n-3 PUFA status of chick cardiac tissue; The effect that egg yolk or maternal n-3 FA have on the cardiac tissue long-chain n-3 FA status of chicks during growth was investigated. Eggs with low, medium, and high levels of n-3 PUFA were obtained by feeding breeder hens a wheat/soybean meal-based diet containing 5% sunflower oil (Low n-3), 2.5% sunflower oil plus 2.5% fish oil (Medium n-3), or 5% fish oil (High n-3). The chicks hatched from Low, Medium, and High n-3 eggs were fed a diet containing 18:3n-3, but devoid of long-chain n-3 FA. The FA composition of cardiac tissue was determined on days 0, 14, 28, and 42. At day 0, the cardiac FA reflected maternal diet. With time, the level of all the long-chain n-3 FA decreased compared with day 0, and this was true especially by day 14. These data show that dietary 1 8:3n-3 fed to the chicks did not sustain high levels of EPA and DHA in cardiac tissue, despite the high content of long-chain n-3 FA in the maternal diet. At days 0 and 14, the chicks hatched from High and Medium n-3 eggs had higher 20:5n-3, 22:5n-3, and 22:6n-3 contents with a concomitant reduction in 20:4n-6 in the cardiac tissue compared with the Low n-3 egg group. Cardiac tissue of birds hatched from Medium n-3 eggs retained higher levels of 20:5n-3 up to day 42 of growth when compared with other treatments (P < 0.05). None of the treatments was effective in maintaining DHA levels after day 14 of growth.
Mediterranean-inspired diet lowers the ratio of serum phospholipid n-6 to n-3 fatty acids, the number of leukocytes and platelets, and vascular endothelial growth factor in healthy subjects; Background: Reduced cardiovascular mortality and morbidity have been shown in persons adhering to Mediterranean-inspired diets (MIDs). Although the underlying mechanisms of this association are poorly understood, the importance of increasing dietary amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 series has been emphasized.
PLATELET-FUNCTION AND COMPOSITION IN HEART-TRANSPLANT RECIPIENTS COMPARED WITH NONTRANSPLANTED CORONARY PATIENTS; Accelerated coronary artery disease seems to be the main condition limiting long-term survival after heart transplantation. Ninety-one heart transplant recipients were compared with 94 nontransplanted coronary artery disease patients in an attempt to identify the factors responsible for the accelerated form of coronary artery disease occurring after heart transplantation. Among the parameters examined, heart transplant recipients exhibited a higher plasma level of insulin (8.5 +/- 0.5 versus 6.2 +/- 0.3 mIU/l, p = 0.002), a lower plasma level of vitamin E (14.8 +/- 0.4 versus 16.9 +/- 0.7 mg/l, p = 0.03), a higher platelet cholesterol-to-phospholipid ratio (8.9 +/- 0.3 versus 7.6 +/- 0.3, p = 0.007), and an increased response to ADP-induced platelet aggregation (for the first wave, 29.1 +/- 0.9% of maximal aggregation versus 25.1 +/- 1.0%, p = 0.002; for the second wave, 21.4 +/- 1.4% versus 15.9 +/- 1.1%, p = 0.002, after adjustment for hematocrit), but no untoward changes in the level of fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, antithrombin III, or lipoprotein(a). In addition, platelet aggregation in patients who required retransplantation as a result of severe coronary artery disease was similar before and after retransplantation. This suggests that severe coronary artery disease is not the cause of platelet hyperaggregability. In multiple-regression analysis, ADP-induced platelet aggregation in heart transplant recipients was significantly positively related to blood glucose (r = 0.50, p < 0.001) and inversely related to n-3 fatty acids from platelet phospholipids (r = 0.40, p < 0.01). These results are consistent with the view that a platelet disorder associated with or responsible for the increased thrombotic tendency could play a role in the pathogenesis of the disease. However, further studies are needed to investigate the mechanism of this platelet hyperaggregability, which is possibly related to a lipid peroxidation process (low plasma vitamin E) and/or to a diabetes-associated platelet lipid disorder (high insulin level).
GLUCOSE, INSULIN AND PLATELET FATTY-ACIDS FOLLOWING MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION - AN ASSOCIATION WITH INFARCT SIZE; Fifty-four patients were studied immediately after myocardial infarction to determine the association between infarct size and blood glucose, serum insulin, plasma lipids and platelet phospholipid fatty acids. Infarct size was estimated indirectly from peak plasma lactate dehydrogenase level and in the known diabetics a significant negative correlation was seen between serum insulin and peak LDH levels (Rs = -0.73, p < 0.05). In the normoglycaemic patients peak LDH level was inversely associated with platelet phospholipid linolenic acid (C18: 3 w3) (Rs = -0.59, p < 0.01) and with eicosapentaenoic acid (C20 : 5 w3) (Rs = -0.51, p < 0.05). This association may be explained by the role of these fatty acids in platelet aggregation but the potentially protective effect of these fatty acids appears to be lost in diabetic and hyperglycaemic patients.
Peri-operative immunonutrition in patients undergoing liver transplantation: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and Objectives: No consensus has been reached concerning the effects of pen-operative immunonutrition in patients undergoing liver transplantation. We conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effects of pen-operative immunonutrition on clinical outcomes and liver function in patients undergoing liver transplantation. Methods and Study Design: The Pubmed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Web of Science, and google scholar were searched to identify all available randomized controlled studies which compared pen-operative immunonutrition support (glutamine, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, arginine and ribonucleic acids) with standard nutrition. The data analysis was performed using Revman 5.2 software. Results: A total of 7 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 501 patients were included. Pen-operative immunonutrition significantly reduced the risk of infectious complications (RR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.27 to 0.98, p=0.04) and shortened the postoperative hospital stay [weighted mean difference (WMD): -3.89; 95% CI: -7.42 to -0.36; p=0.03]. Furthermore, pen-operative immunonutrition improved liver function by decreasing the levels of aspartate aminotransferase (AST) in the blood (WMD: -25.4; 95% CI: -39.9 to -10.9, p=0.0006). However, we did not find statistically significant differences in serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), total bilirubin (TB) and direct bilirubin (DB) levels. There were no statistically significant differences in mortality and rejection reaction. Conclusions: Pen-operative nutrition support adding immunonutrients like glutamine, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, arginine and ribonucleic acids may improve outcomes in patients undergoing liver transplantation. Due to the limited sample size of the included trials, further large-scale and rigorously designed RCTs are needed.
Association of heart rate variability and inflammatory response in patients with cardiovascular diseases: current strengths and limitations; Many experimental and clinical studies have confirmed a continuous cross-talk between both sympathetic and parasympathetic branches of autonomic nervous system and inflammatory response, in different clinical scenarios. In cardiovascular diseases, inflammation has been proven to play a pivotal role in disease progression, pathogenesis and resolution. A few clinical studies have assessed the possible inter-relation between neuro-autonomic output, estimated with heart rate variability analysis, which is the variability of R-R in the electrocardiogram, and different inflammatory biomarkers, in patients suffering from stable or unstable coronary artery disease (CAD) and heart failure. Moreover, different indices derived from heart rate signals' processing, have been proven to correlate strongly with severity of heart disease and predict final outcome. In this review article we will summarize major findings from different investigators, evaluating neuro-immunological interactions through heart rate variability analysis, in different groups of cardiovascular patients. We suggest that markers originating from variability analysis of heart rate signals seem to be related to inflammatory biomarkers. However, a lot of open questions remain to be addressed, regarding the existence of a true association between heart rate variability and autonomic nervous system output or its adoption for risk stratification and therapeutic monitoring at the bedside. Finally, potential therapeutic implications will be discussed, leading to autonomic balance restoration in relation with inflammatory control.
Effects of <i>FADS</i> and <i>ELOVL</i> polymorphisms on indexes of desaturase and elongase activities: results from a pre-post fish oil supplementation; Polymorphisms (SNPs) within the FADS gene cluster and the ELOVL gene family are believed to influence enzyme activities after an omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) supplementation. The objectives of the study are to test whether an n-3 supplementation is associated with indexes of desaturase and elongase activities in addition to verify whether SNPs in the FADS gene cluster and the ELOVL gene family modulate enzyme activities of desaturases and elongases. A total 208 subjects completed a 6-week supplementation period with 5 g/day of fish oil (1.9-2.2 g/day of EPA ? 1.1 g/day of DHA). FA profiles of plasma phospholipids were obtained by gas chromatography (n = 210). Desaturase and elongase indexes were estimated using product-to-precursor ratios. Twenty-eight SNPs from FADS1, FADS2, FADS3, ELOVL2 and ELOVL5 were genotyped using TaqMan technology. Desaturase indexes were significantly different after the 6-week n-3 supplementation. The index of d-5 desaturase activity increased by 25.7 +/- 28.8 % (p< 0.0001), whereas the index of d-6 desaturase activity decreased by 17.7 +/- 18.2 % (p<0.0001) post-supplementation. Index of elongase activity decreased by 39.5 +/- 27.9 % (p<0.0001). Some gene-diet interactions potentially modulating the enzyme activities of desaturases and elongases involved in the FA metabolism post-supplementation were found. SNPs within the FADS gene cluster and the ELOVL gene family may play an important role in the enzyme activity of desaturases and elongases, suggesting that an n-3 FAs supplementation may affect PUFA metabolism.
Effect of dietary fish oil supplements on levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, <i>trans</i> acids and conjugated linoleic acid in ewe milk; Three groups of ten lactating Sardinian ewes were used between 3rd and 6th month of lactation to determine the effects of supplementing diets with n-3 fatty acids on milk production and milk fat composition. The control group (A) was fed on a mixture of Gramineae hay with a pelleted alfalfa and concentrate; the other groups (13 and C) were given the control ration supplemented with graded levels of fish oil. Milk content of nutritionally important fatty acids (n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, PUFA; trans acids and conjugated linoleic acid, CLA) was determined by gas chromatography. Unlike cow milk, milk of normally fed ewes contained detectable quantities of n-3 PUFA and higher amounts of CLA. The supplementation with fish oil resulted in an increased milk fat levels of n-3 PUFA, CLA and trans isomers. There was a positive correlation (R-2 = 0.964) between the trans and n-3 fatty acid content in ewe milk, and a close positive correlation (R-2 = 0.996) between CLA and trans monoenoic fatty acid contents. PUFA supplementation resulted in a slightly, but not statistically significative, decrease of milk fat percentage. On the contrary, dietary fish oil markedly affected milk production: ewes fed on the n-3 supplemented diet produced more milk than the ewes fed with the control diet.
Nutritional Treatment for Traumatic Brain Injury; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a significant public health concern. On average, 1.7 million persons sustain a TBI annually, and about 5.3 million Americans are living with a TBI-related disability. As the leading cause of death and disability in persons under 45 years old, there is a need for developing evidence-based interventions to reduce morbidity from this injury. So far, despite encouraging preclinical results, almost all neuroprotection trials have failed to show any significant efficacy in the treatment of patients with clinical TBI. The cascade of molecular and cellular changes after TBI involves plasticity in many different neurochemical systems, which represent putative targets for neurotherapeutic interventions. Accordingly, a successful TBI treatment may have to simultaneously attenuate many injury factors. The purpose of this review is to highlight four promising nutritional intervention options that have been identified-omega-3, zinc, vitamin D, and glutamine-and to provide an up-to-date summary regarding their apparent efficacy for affecting TBI.
Regional Difference in Fatty Acid Content of Korean Shellfish; Regional variation in the tatty acid content of shellfish was investigated oil 5 species of Korean shellfish including murex shell, ark shell, jack-knife clam, orient hard clam, and little neck clam that were originated from 2 geographically, different regions ill Korea (Region 1: South coast, 34-35 degrees N, 127-129 degrees E; Region 2: West coast, 36-38 degrees N, 126-127 degrees E). Significant regional difference in total fatty acids content was observed in murex shell and little neck clam (p<0.01), but not in the other species of shellfish. The contents of saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated Catty acids including n-3 and n-6 fatty acids were appreciably higher in murex shell from Region 2 and in little neck clam from Region I than the shellfish originated from their counterpart areas (p<0.05). Nevertheless, relative percentages of the fatty acids remained constant within same species regardless of geographic regions or species. Considering the facts of that the fish/shellfish are unique sources of n-3 fatty acids and a little neck clam is the most-consumed shellfish in Korea, n-3 fatty acids intake might vary with the habitat of the shellfish that Koreans consume.
Health Benefits of Blue-Green Algae: Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Blue-green algae (BGA) are among the most primitive life forms on earth and have been consumed as food or medicine by humans for centuries. BGA contain various bioactive components, such as phycocyanin, carotenoids, gamma-linolenic acid, fibers, and plant sterols, which can promote optimal health in humans. Studies have demonstrated that several BGA species or their active components have plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride-lowering properties due to their modulation of intestinal cholesterol absorption and hepatic lipogenic gene expression. BGA can also reduce inflammation by inhibiting the nuclear factor kappa B activity, consequently reducing the production of proinflammatory cytokines. Furthermore, BGA inhibit lipid peroxidation and have free radical scavenging activity, which can be beneficial for the protection against oxidative stress. The aforementioned effects of BGA can contribute to the prevention of metabolic and inflammatory diseases. This review provides an overview of the current knowledge of the health-promoting functions of BGA against cardiovascular disease and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, which are major health threats in the developed countries.
Short Chain Saturated Fatty Acids Decrease Circulating Cholesterol and Increase Tissue PUFA Content in the Rat; This study investigates the effect of various dietary saturated fatty acid (SFA) profiles on plasma lipid parameters and tissue fatty acid composition in rats. The experiment was designed to monitor polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) levels, while examining different amounts and types of SFA. Four isocaloric diets were prepared, containing 10-11 mol% of fatty acids (FA) as linoleic acid (LNA) and 2.5 mol% as alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), leading to an identical and well-balanced LNA/ALA ratio. The initial rapeseed oil/corn oil mixture providing ALA and LNA was enriched with olive oil to prepare the olive oil diet. The butterfat diet was supplemented with butterfat, containing short-chain SFA (C4:0-C10:0, 17 mol% of FA), lauric acid (C12:0, 3.2 mol%), myristic acid (C14:0, 10.5 mol%) and palmitic acid (C16:0, 14.5 mol%). The saturates diet was supplemented with trilaurin, trimyristin and tripalmitin to obtain the same level of lauric, myristic and palmitic acids as the butterfat diet, without the short-chain SFA. The trimyristin diet was enriched with trimyristin only. The results showed that the butterfat diet contributed to specific effects, compared to the olive oil diet and the saturates and trimyristin diets: a decrease in plasma total, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, higher tissue storage of ALA and LNA, and a higher level of (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids in some tissues. This study supports the hypothesis that in diets with identical well-balanced LNA/ALA ratios, short chain SFA may decrease circulating cholesterol and increase tissue polyunsaturated fatty acid content in the rat.
Visualizing and Profiling Lipids in the OVLT of Fat-1 and Wild Type Mouse Brains during LPS-Induced Systemic Inflammation Using AP-SMALDI MSI; Lipids, including omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3-PUFAs), modulate brain-intrinsic inflammation during systemic inflammation. The vascular organ of the lamina terminalis (OVLT) is a brain structure important for immune-to-brain communication. We, therefore, aimed to profile the distribution of several lipids (e.g., phosphatidyl-choline/ethanolamine, PC/PE), including n-3-PUFA-carrying lipids (esterified in phospholipids), in the OVLT during systemic lipopolysaccharide(LPS)-induced inflammation. We injected wild type and endogenously n-3-PUFA producing fat-1 transgenic FAT-1 WT mice with LPS (i.p., 2.5 mg/kg) or PBS. Brain samples were analyzed using immunohistochemistry and high-resolution atmospheric-pressure scanning microprobe matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization orbital trapping mass spectrometry imaging (APSMALDI-MSI) for spatial resolution of lipids. Depending on genotype and treatment, several distinct distribution patterns were observed for lipids [e.g., lyso(L)PC (16:0)/(18:0)] proposed to be involved in inflammation. The distribution patterns ranged from being homogeneously disseminated [LPC (18:1)], absent/reduced signaling within the OVLT relative to adjacent preoptic tissue [PE (38:6)], either treatment- and genotype-dependent or independent low signal intensities [LPC (18:0)], treatment- and genotype-dependent [PC 38:6)] or independent accumulation in the OVLT [PC (38:7)], and accumulation in commissures, e.g., nerve fibers like the optic nerve [LPE (18:1)]. Overall, screening of lipid distribution patterns revealed distinct inflammation-induced changes in the OVLT, highlighting the prominent role of lipid metabolism in brain inflammation. Moreover, known and novel candidates for brain inflammation and immune-to-brain communication were detected specifically within this pivotal brain structure, a window between the periphery and the brain. The biological significance of these newly identified lipids abundant in the OVLT and the adjacent preoptic area remains to be further analyzed.
Use of n-3 PUFAs can decrease the mortality in patients with systemic inflammatory response syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: There have been several meta-analyses evaluating the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in critically ill patients, but of these, none focused on patients with systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). The objective of this meta-analysis was to evaluate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) on this narrow subset.
An unfavorable dietary pattern is associated with symptomatic ischemic stroke and carotid atherosclerosis; Objective: Ischemic strokes represent more than 80% of total strokes in Western countries. The influence of dietary factors on ischemic stroke risk is debated mainly because available data are limited. Our objective was to compare the dietary pattern of symptomatic ischemic stroke patients under 65 years old with control subjects using a validated 14-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). We also compared symptomatic ischemic stroke patients with carotid atherosclerosis with those without according to the presence or the absence of carotid plaque defined by duplex scanning.
ATHEROSCLEROSIS AND FISH OIL; The reduction in cardiovascular mortality and morbidity observed over the last decade may be considered to be largely the result Of the prevention of lipid disorders. The beneficial effects of diet and increased consumption of unsaturated fatty acids on ischaemic heart disease is a generally accepted concept.
Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins, Remnants, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk; Purpose of Review To describe seminal studies and recent reports that have focused on the metabolism and quantification of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) and remnants. Their role in atherosclerosis pathophysiology and association with cardiovascular risk along with therapeutic approaches is also discussed. Recent Findings TRL and remnants are produced by the metabolism of liver-derived very low-density lipoproteins and intestine-derived chylomicrons. They play an important role in atherosclerosis initiation and progression that is independent of low-density lipoprotein particles. Individuals with hypertriglyceridemia have elevated TRL concentration, but direct quantification is challenging. Large-scale epidemiologic studies have demonstrated the independent association of triglycerides, TRL, and remnants with cardiovascular risk. Fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids are commonly used to lower triglycerides and TRL in clinical practice. Volanesorsen is a novel antisense oligonucleotide that lowers triglycerides and TRL by targeting apolipoprotein C-III that has shown promising results in early-stage clinical testing. TRL and remnants have an independent and likely causal relationship with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Widespread quantification in clinical practice remains challenging, but emerging targeted therapies herald an exciting future for cardiovascular disease prevention.
POLYUNSATURATES, ENDOGENOUS EICOSANOIDS, AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; The role of dietary polyunsaturated fats in the prevention of human vascular disease has not been defined, but population and intervention studies have suggested that .omega.-3 fatty acids (FAs) from marine lipids may have a number of potentially beneficial effects. Eicosanoids are extremely potent autacoids made from polyunsaturated fatty acids and have effects on many vascular parameters, so that the physiological effects of dietary supplementation with polyunsaturated fats are often attributed to  alterations in endogenous eicosanoid production. Few studies have attempted to correlate in vivo eicosanoid synthesis and functional effects during such dietary maneuvers, however. This article reviews the relationship between dietary polyunsaturates and endogenous eicosanoid synthesis in man, with particular emphasis on recent studies of the effects of .omega.-3 FAs. Data on .omega.-3 FAs and platelet-vascular interactions, blood pressure, and vascular reactivity in human subjects are also summarized,  with interpretation of recent work addressing a number of controversial points. A discussion of the significance and future direction of such investigations concludes that further clinical trials in selected patient groups are warranted.
Measurement of mercury levels in concentrated over-the-counter fish oil preparations - Is fish oil healthier than fish?; Context.-Fish consumption has been associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease. Recent studies have illustrated that the high mercury content in cold-water fish may negate the cardiovascular benefits of fish meals. Fish oils have similar antiatherogenic properties to fish, and similar studies should be performed to determine the level of mercury in fish oils.
Protective effects of curcumin and photo-irradiated curcumin on circulatory lipids and lipid peroxidation products in alcohol and polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced toxicity; Alcohol is a neurotoxin associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Ethanol is found to induce a dose dependent increase in lipid peroxidation (LPO). The elevation in lipid peroxidative products and the loss of antioxidant defense potential are enhanced when alcohol is taken along with polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) or heated PUFA. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of curcumin and photo-irradiated curcumin on alcohol and PUFA induced LPO and lipid profiles in plasma. The levels of vitamin C and E were decreased significantly in alcohol + raw as well as heated PUFA groups. The treatment with curcumin and photo-irradiated curcumin (IC) increased their levels significantly. The increase was more significant in the IC group than the curcumin group. The levels of cholesterol, phospholipids (PL), triglycerides (TG), free fatty acids (FFA), thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and hydroperoxides (HP) were increased significantly in alcohol + raw as well as heated PUFA groups and the treatment with curcumin and IC, brought back the levels. But the IC reduced the levels more significantly than curcumin. Thus, our results indicate that IC is a more potent antioxidant than curcumin. Copyright (C) 2003 John Wiley Sons, Ltd.
SERUM FATTY-ACIDS AND THE RISK OF CORONARY HEART-DISEASE; To examine the relation between serum fatty acids and coronary heart disease (CHD), the authors conducted a nested case-control study of 94 men with incident CHD and 94 men without incident CHD who were enrolled in the Usual Care group of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial between December 1973 and February 1976. After confirming the stability of the stored serum samples, the authors measured serum fatty acid levels by gas-liquid chromatography and examined their association with CHD. In all multivariate models, levels of the cholesterol ester saturated fatty acid palmitic acid (16:0) were directly associated with CHD risk (standardized odds ratio = 1.68; 95% confidence interval 1.10-2.55 in the model that adjusted for total plasma cholesterol level). Levels of the phospholipid omega-3 fatty acid docosapentaenoic acid (22:5) were inversely associated with CHD risk in the two multivariate models that controlled for the effects of total plasma cholesterol level or high density lipoprotein cholesterol to total plasma cholesterol ratio (standardized odds ratio = 0.58; 95% confidence interval 0.38-0.89 in the first model that controlled for total plasma cholesterol level). in contrast to the first two multivariate models, levels of the docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) were inversely associated with CHD risk in a third multivariate model that controlled for the effects of high density lipoprotein cholesterol to low density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (standardized odds ratio = 0.57; 95% confidence interval 0.36-0.90). These findings are consistent with other evidence indicating that saturated fatty acids are directly correlated with CHD and that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are inversely correlated with CHD. Because these associations were present after adjustment for blood lipid levels, other mechanisms, such as a direct effect on blood clotting, may be involved.
<i>FADS</i> gene polymorphisms in Koreans: Association with ω6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum phospholipids, lipid peroxides, and coronary artery disease; Objective: We investigated the association of polymorphisms in FADS genes with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in serum phospholipids, lipid peroxides, and coronary artery disease (CAD) in Koreans.
SOME EFFECTS OF GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID ON CULTURED HUMAN ESOPHAGEAL-CARCINOMA CELLS; According to Horrobin''s hypothesis, malignant cells may be dependent upon the deficiency of .gamma.-linoleic acid, a metabolic intermediate in the biosynthesis of prostaglandin E1. Cells of 2 continuous human esophageal carcinoma lines [HCU 18, HCU 39] were treated by the addition of .gamma.-linolenic acid (GLA) at concentrations of 10-60 .mu.g/ml culture medium. After 7 days of exposure to GLA, pronounced morphological changes became evident and culminated in cell death. GLA-mediated effects were time- and dose-dependent and varied slightly with the degree of histological differentiation of the lines tested. The findings may have clinical implications.
The Tsim Tsoum Approaches for Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; The Tsim Tsoum Concept means that humans evolved on a diet in which nature recommends to ingest fatty acids in a balanced ratio (polyunsaturated(P) : saturated(S) = w-6 : w-3 = 1 : 1) as part of dietary lipid pattern where monounsaturated fatty acids(MUFA) is the major fatty acid(P : M: S = 1 : 6 : 1) in the background of other dietary factors; antioxidants, vitamins, minerals and fiber as well as physical activity and low mental stress. Several hundred years ago, our diet included natural foods; fruits, vegetables, green vegetables, seeds, eggs and honey. Fish, and wild meat were also available to pre-agricultural humans which shaped modern human genetic nutritional requirement. Cereal grains (refined), and vegetable oils that are rich in w-6 fatty acids are relatively recent addition to the human diet that represent dramatic departure from those foods to which we are adapted. Excess of linoleic acid, trans fatty acids (TFA), saturated and total fat as well as refined starches and sugar are proinflammatory. Low dietary MUFA and n-3 fatty acids and other long chain polyunsarurated fatty acids (LCPUFA) are important in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome. Increased sympathetic activity with greater secretion of neurotransmitters in conjunction of underlying long chain PUFA deficiency, and excess of proinflammatory nutrients, may damage the neurons via proinflammatory cytokines, in the ventromedial hypothalamus and insulin receptors in the brain. Since, 30-50% of the fatty acids in the brain are LCPUFA, especially omega-3 fatty acids, which are incorporated in the cell membrane phospholipids, it is possible that their supplementation may be protective. Blood lipid composition does reflect one's health status: (a) circulating serum lipoproteins and their ratio provide information on their atherogenicity to blood vessels and (b) circulating plasma fatty acids, such as w-6/w-3 fatty acid ratio, give indication on proinflammatory status of blood vessels, cardiomyocytes, liver cells and neurones; (a) and (b) are phenotype-related and depend on genetic, environmental and developmental factors. As such, they appear as universal markers for holistic health and these may be important in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases and cancer, which is the main consideration of Tsim Tsoum concept.
Dietary linoleic acid-induced alterations in pro- and anti-nociceptive lipid autacoids: Implications for idiopathic pain syndromes?; Background: Chronic idiopathic pain syndromes are major causes of personal suffering, disability, and societal expense. Dietary n-6 linoleic acid has increased markedly in modern industrialized populations over the past century. These high amounts of linoleic acid could hypothetically predispose to physical pain by increasing the production of pro-nociceptive linoleic acid-derived lipid autacoids and by interfering with the production of anti-nociceptive lipid autacoids derived from n-3 fatty acids. Here, we used a rat model to determine the effect of increasing dietary linoleic acid as a controlled variable for 15 weeks on nociceptive lipid autacoids and their precursor n-6 and n-3 fatty acids in tissues associated with idiopathic pain syndromes.
Protective mechanisms of a microbial oil against hypercholesterolemia: evidence from a zebrafish model; A Western diet elevates the circulating lipoprotein and triglyceride levels which are the major risk factors in cardiovascular disease (CVD) development. Consumption of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids can stall the disease progression. Although these fatty acids can significantly impact the intestine under a hypercholesterolemic condition, the associated changes have not been studied in detail. Therefore, we investigated the alterations in the intestinal transcriptome along with the deviations in the plasma lipids and liver histomorphology of zebrafish offered DHA- and EPA-rich oil. Fish were allocated to 4 dietary treatments: a control group, a high cholesterol group and microbial oil groups with low (3.3%) and high (6.6%) inclusion levels. We quantified the total cholesterol, lipoprotein and triglyceride levels in the plasma. In addition, we assessed the liver histology, intestinal transcriptome and plasma lipidomic profiles of the study groups. The results suggested that higher levels of dietary microbial oil could control the CVD risk factor indices in zebrafish plasma. Furthermore, microbial oil-fed fish had fewer liver vacuoles and higher mRNA levels of genes involved in & beta;-oxidation and HDL maturation. Analyses of the intestine transcriptome revealed that microbial oil supplementation could influence the expression of genes altered by a hypercholesterolemic diet. The plasma lipidomic profiles revealed that the higher level of microbial oil tested could elevate the long-chain poly-unsaturated fatty acid content of triglyceride species and lower the concentration of several lysophosphatidylcholine and diacylglycerol molecules. Our study provides insights into the effectiveness of microbial oil against dyslipidemia in zebrafish.
Comparative effect of dairy fatty acids on cell adhesion molecules, nitric oxide and relative gene expression in healthy and diabetic human aortic endothelial cells; Objective: Dairy intake, despite its high saturated fatty acid (SFA) content, is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes. This in vitro study determined the effect of individual fatty acids (FA) found in dairy, and FA mixtures representative of a high SFA and a low SFA dairy lipid on markers of endothelial function in healthy and type II diabetic aortic endothelial cells.
Icosapent ethyl: scientific and legal controversies; Icosapent ethyl (Vascepa) is a purified preparation of the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid, which is marketed by Amarin Pharma based in Ireland. The product was initially approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the use of a high dose (4 g/day) in the treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia. On the basis of the results of the REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl Intervention Trial), the agency later granted a label extension to include the additional indication of a reduction in risk of cardiovascular events in persons with serum triglyceride levels of 150 mg/dL or greater and established cardiovascular disease or diabetes. Data supporting the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease have been inconsistent and controversial. The story of the development of icosapent ethyl has been fraught with challenges, including the invalidation of six core patents on the product, and recently, the completion of a new clinical trial, STRENGTH (Long-Term Outcomes Study to Assess STatin Residual Risk Reduction With EpaNova in HiGh CV Risk PatienTs With Hypertriglyceridemia), that directly contradicts REDUCE-IT and calls into question whether icosapent ethyl is actually effective in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular events. This article traces the course of the development of this fascinating product and discusses its complex medical, regulatory and legal history, which is still continuing to unfold.
The effect of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiac autonomic and hemodynamic function in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on cardiac autonomic function and vascular function in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
STUDY ON THE POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACID CHANGES IN <i>OVIDUCTUS RANAE</i>; The freeze -tolerant Rana chensinensis (R. chensinensis), is one of few vertebrate organisms that can tolerate freezing. Physiologically, R. chensinensis show no signs of muscle movement, breathing, heartbeat, or brain activity for several weeks or months at a time but emerge unharmed upon thawing. Given that R. chensinensis cannot receive polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from the environment during freezing, the involvement of the level of PUFAs plays a very important role in maintaining cell structure, membrane fluidity and enzyme activity in response to freezing is of interest. Oviductus Ranae is the fallopian tube of R. chensinensis female frog, and is the main medicinal part of R. chensinensis. Because it is not easy to find the R. chensinensis during the deep hibernation period, we collected R. chensinensis in five periods from awakening period to diaspora hibernation. Two years of R. chensinensis were collected, and it was found that the content of PUFAs in Oviductus Ranae gradually increased and reached the highest during the diaspora hibernation period. AAH73571.1 is a key enzyme gene for fatty acid desaturase (FAD) in Oviductus Ranae, It's expression results were consistent with the results of PUFAs content, showing a gradual increase pattern, and also reached the highest in the diaspora hibernation period. The change law of the PUFAs content in Oviductus Ranae at different growth stages of R. chensinensis was clarified. It was confirmed that during the hibernation of R. chensinensis, in order to ensure that it can survive the hibernation period, the expression of key FAD enzyme genes in Oviductus Ranae increased, thereby increasing the amount of PUFAs synthesis. The cold -resistance mechanism of R. chensinensis was explained from the regularity of PUFAs changes in Oviductus Ranae.
Cardiovascular disease and omega-3s: Prescription products and fish oil dietary supplements are not the same; Background and purposeDespite achievement of optimal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) control with statin therapy, patients with elevated triglycerides (TGs) and residual cardiovascular risk are commonly encountered in clinical practice.
Policosanol as a new inhibitor candidate for vascular calcification in diabetic hyperlipidemic rats; This work mainly aimed to investigate the probable changes of aortic calcification by policosanol, omega-3 fatty acids in comparison with atorvastatin and subsequent progression of atherosclerosis in diabetic hyperlipemic rat model. Adult male albino rats of wistar strain (30) were divided into five groups (n=6/group); one was fed normal diet and was used as a normal group, the other groups received alloxan, atherogenic diet (CCT - rat chow diet supplemented with 4% cholesterol, 1% cholic acid, and 0.5% thiouracil) and categorized as follows: the second group received no treatment and kept as control (diabetic hyperlipidemic control group (DHC)). The other groups received daily oral doses of atorvastatin, policosanol (10mg/kg body weight) and omega-3 (50mg/kg body weight), respectively, for eight weeks. Different biomarkers were used for the evaluation that included inflammatory (C reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha)), oxidative stress (glutathione (GSH), malondialdehyde (MDA)) bone calcification markers (alkaline phosphatase (ALP), Vitamin D, parathyroid hormone (PTH)), lipogram pattern in addition to histochemical demonstration of calcium in the aorta. Diabetic hyperlipemic group demonstrated significant hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and increased inflammation, oxidative stress, calcification, and finally atherogenesis progression. Treatment of diabetic hyperlipemic rats with, policosanol, omega-3 fatty acids (natural products) and atorvastatin for eight weeks significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), Vitamin D, decreased aortic vacuoles number, and inhibited calcification process. Policosanol induced more remarkable reduction in the density and number of foam cells and improved the intimal lesions of the aorta as compared to atorvastatin. Drugs under study exerted hypoglycemic effect along with an inhibition of inflammation, oxidative stress, and calcium deposition with certain variations but policosanol effect was remarkable in comparison with other drugs.
A 22-y prospective study of fish intake in relation to prostate cancer incidence and mortality; Background: Fish and seafood n-3 fatty acids may prevent or delay the progression of prostate cancer, but epidemiologic studies do not uniformly support this hypothesis.
Lipid lowering therapy in cardiovascular disease: From myth to molecular reality; Lipid-lowering therapy is one major cornerstone of medical treatment of cardiovascular disease in order to modulate atherosclerosis. Statins, ezetimibe and novel PCSK9-inhibitors are already recommended in current guidelines and were shown to improve lipid profiles and have positive effects on the rate of ischemic events and cardiovascular mortality. Recent studies suggest that the concept of "The lower the better" might be valid at least regarding low density lipoproteins. In addition, lowering lipoprotein (a) still displays a major challenge in lipid therapy. Furthermore, also lowering triglycerides seems to improve cardiovascular outcome. Regarding triglycerides, icosapent ethyl, a polyunsaturated fatty acid recently attracted attention showing cardiovascular risk reduction due to triglyceride lowering. Therefore, new therapeutic strategies and drug classes are eagerly awaited. Targeting LDL, bempedoic acid and the siRNA inclisiran provide promising results. Moreover, regarding TG a monoclonal antibody called evinacumab and an antisense-oligonucleotide against ANGPTL3 showed effective TG-lowering. At least, using antisense-oligonucleotides against ApoC-III and Lp(a) resulted in promising outcomes. In this review, current and future options for lipid management are presented depending on different drug classes. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary lipid sources on the fatty acid profile of swine fat: a review; Swine production has focused its efforts to reduce the amount and improve the quality of fat deposited on carcass. Due to the association of the lipid profile with cardiovascular diseases, researches have been developed to understand how the deposition occurs and to improve the fatty acid profile of swine fat. Among the factors that affect the fat composition, race, sex, and diet, the third one has the greatest impact. Lipid inclusion seems to be a promising way to modulate the lipid profile of fat in pig carcass, with an effect on saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids. The effect is greater in that fatty acid with the highest concentration in the source used. Soybean oil can double the value of linoleic acid, a by-product of olive oil increases oleic acid by 4%, and flaxseed oil has the ability to increase a-linolenic acid from less than 1% to over 18% in total fatty acids. In addition to the source, the duration and concentration influence the modulation of the fatty acid profile.
Recommendations for Severe Hypertriglyceridemia Treatment, are there New Strategies?; This review considers drug combinations and newer treatment strategies for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Hypertriglyceridemia is associated with an atherogenic metabolic profile and in most studies with increased cardiovascular disease risk. Patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia also have increased incidence of pancreatitis. All types of severe hypertriglyceridemia are associated with a reduction in lipoprotein lipase activity. Patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia and abdominal pain or pancreatitis should be hospitalized and treated with hypolipidemic drugs and, if needed, with insulin/dextrose infusion or therapeutic apheresis. Fibrates are the first-line treatment in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Omega-3 fatty acids and niacin are very useful drugs for patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Statins in high doses exhibit a significant hypotriglyceridemic activity. Drugs that interfere with chylomicron production such as orlistat are also useful for hypertriglyceridemic patients. In most patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia drug combinations are needed to maintain an acceptable triglyceride concentration. Gene therapy is under development for patients with known genetic abnormalities of triglyceride metabolism. Clinicians should be vigilant for the recognition and prompt treatment of patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia aimed to avoid the serious complication of pancreatitis and to reduce their cardiovascular risk.
Comparison between plasma and erythrocyte fatty acid content as biomarkers of fatty acid intake in US women; Background: Erythrocyte fatty acids may be superior to plasma fatty acids for reflecting long-term fatty acid intake because of less sensitivity to recent intake and a slower turnover rate.
Marine n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Risk of Ischemic Stroke; Background and Purpose-We hypothesized that total marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), in particular eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the diet and in adipose tissue (biomarkers of long-term intake and endogenous exposure) were inversely associated with the risk of ischemic stroke and its subtypes.
Altered cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism in Huntington disease; Huntington disease is an autosomal-dominant neurodegenerative disorder characterized by behavioral abnormalities, cognitive decline, and involuntary movements that lead to a progressive decline in functional capacity, independence, and ultimately death. The pathophysiology of Huntington disease is linked to an expanded trinucleotide repeat of cytosine-adenine-guanine (CAG) in the IT-15 gene on chromosome 4. There is no disease-modifying treatment for Huntington disease, and novel pathophysiological insights and therapeutic strategies are needed. Lipids are vital to the health of the central nervous system, and research in animals and humans has revealed that cholesterol metabolism is disrupted in Huntington disease. This lipid dysregulation has been linked to specific actions of the mutant huntingtin on sterol regulatory element binding proteins that result in lower cholesterol levels in affected areas of the brain with evidence that this depletion is pathologic. Huntington disease is also associated with a pattern of insulin resistance characterized by a catabolic state, resulting in weight loss and a lower body mass index than individuals without Huntington disease. Insulin resistance appears to act as a metabolic stressor attending disease progression. The fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, have been examined in clinical trials of Huntington disease patients. Drugs that combat the dysregulated lipid milieu in Huntington disease may help treat this perplexing and catastrophic genetic disease. (C) 2010 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and feasibility of optimizing preventive strategies in patients at high cardiovascular risk: rationale, design and baseline characteristics of the Rischio and Prevenzione study, a large randomised trial in general practice; Background: The optimization of preventive strategies in patients at high risk of cardiovascular events and the evaluation of bottlenecks and limitations of transferring current guidelines to the real world of clinical practice are important limiting steps to cardiovascular prevention. Treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids improves prognosis after myocardial infarction, but evidence of this benefit is lacking in patients at high cardiovascular risk, but without a history of myocardial infarction.
Skeletal muscle glucose metabolism and inflammation in the development of the metabolic syndrome; Insulin resistance and metabolic dysfunction in skeletal muscle play a major role in the development of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Numerous mechanisms have been proposed to explain the pathophysiology of obesity-linked metabolic dysfunction and this review will focus on the contributing role of adiponectin and inflammation. The beneficial effects of adiponectin on both insulin action and inflammation are now well documented and will be reviewed. More recent work provided new insights into adiponectin signaling mechanisms. The development of strategies to mimic adiponectin action holds promise that adiponectin-based compounds may translate into effective therapeutic applications. We will also discussed the novel role of long chain omega-3 PUFA-derived resolution mediators, which in addition to resolving inflammation, can also exert glucoregulatory effects in models of obesity and insulin resistance. We will focus on one resolution mediator, protectin DX (PDX), which was recently shown to act as a muscle interleukin-6 secretagogue. PDX and its isomer PD1 also enhance adiponectin expression and action. Ultimately, it is via a better understanding the molecular mechanisms of action via which inflammation, insulin resistance and metabolic dysfunction occur in skeletal muscle, and also how they crosstalk with each other, that we can generate new and improved therapies for obesity-linked metabolic complications.
The effects of ω3 fatty acids and coenzyme Q<sub>10</sub> on blood pressure and heart rate in chronic kidney disease: a randomized controlled trial; Background and objective Chronic kidney disease (CKD) associates with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Hypertension is a major determinant of progression of CKD. Omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3FA) protect against CVD via improvements in blood pressure, heart rate, vascular reactivity and serum lipids. Coenzyme Q(10) (CoQ) may improve blood pressure and vascular function. This study determined whether omega 3FA and CoQ have independent or additive effects in improving the cardiovascular profile, particularly blood pressure and heart rate, in nondiabetic patients with CKD stages 3-4.
Krill Oil Supplementation Improves Dyslipidemia and Lowers Body Weight in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet Through Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase; Krill oil is a novel, commercially available marine oil rich in long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Compared with fish oil, the effects of krill oil supplementation on human health and its underlying action mechanisms are currently poorly understood. In the present study, we examined the effect of krill oil supplementation on metabolic parameters of mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Krill oil supplementation in mice fed a HFD for 10 weeks resulted in an similar to 15% lower body weight gain and a dramatic suppression of hepatic steatosis. These effects were associated with significantly lower serum triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels. We further uncovered a novel underlying mechanism, showing that AMP-activated protein kinase, a master regulator of glucose and lipid metabolism, mediates the beneficial effects of krill oil.
Fatty Acids, Amphiregulin Production, and Lung Function in a Cohort of Midwestern Veterans; RationaleThe relationship between many fatty acids and respiratory outcomes remains unclear, especially with regard to mechanistic actions. Altered regulation of the process of lung repair is a key feature of chronic lung disease and may impact the potential for pulmonary rehabilitation, but underlying mechanisms of lung repair following injury or inflammation are not well-studied. The epidermal growth factor receptor agonist amphiregulin (AREG) has been demonstrated to promote lung repair following occupational dust exposure in animals. Studies suggest the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may enhance the production of AREG. The objective of this study was to determine the relationship between fatty acids and lung function in a population of veterans and determine if fatty acid status is associated with concentrations of AREG. Materials and MethodsData were collected from a cross-sectional study of veterans within the Nebraska-Western Iowa Health Care System. Whole blood assays were performed to quantify AREG concentrations via a commercially available ELISA kit. Fatty acids from plasma samples from the same patients were measured using gas-liquid chromatography. Intakes of fatty acids were quantified with a validated food frequency questionnaire. Linear regression models were used to determine whether plasma fatty acids or intakes of fatty acids predicted lung function or AREG concentrations. A p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. ResultsNinety participants were included in this analysis. In fully adjusted models, plasma fatty acids were associated with AREG production, including the PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (beta = 0.33, p = 0.03) and the monounsaturated fatty acid octadecenoic acid: (beta = -0.56, p = 0.02). The omega-3 PUFA docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) was positively associated with lung function (beta = 0.28, p = 0.01; beta = 26.5, p = 0.05 for FEV1/FVC ratio and FEV1 % predicted, respectively), as were the omega-6 PUFAs eicosadienoic acid (beta = 1.13, p < 0.001; beta = 91.2, p = 0.005 for FEV1/FVC ratio and FEV1 % predicted, respectively) and docosadienoic acid (beta = 0.29, p = 0.01 for FEV1/FVC ratio). Plasma monounsaturated and saturated fatty acids were inversely associated with lung function. ConclusionOpposing anti- and pro-inflammatory properties of different fatty acids may be associated with lung function in this population, in part by regulating AREG induction.
Arachidonic acid in adipose tissue is associated with nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in the Central Valley of Costa Rica; Arachidonic acid (AA), a precursor of prothrombotic eicosanoids, is potentially atherogenic, but epidemiologic data are scarce. We evaluated the hypothesis that increased AA in adipose tissue is associated with increased risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction (MI), and if so, whether this association is related to dietary or adipose tissue linoleic acid. We studied the association between AA and MI in 466 cases of a first nonfatal acute MI, matched on age, gender, and residence to 466 population controls. Fatty acids (FA) were assessed by GC in adipose tissue samples collected from all subjects. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI were calculated from multivariate conditional logistic regression models. Subjects in the highest quintile of adipose tissue AA (0.64% of total FA) had a higher risk of nonfatal acute MI than those in the lowest quintile (0.29% of total FA), after adjusting for potential confounders including (n-3) and trans FAs (OR = 1.94, 95% CI: 1.07, 3.53, P for trend = 0.026). Adipose tissue AA was not correlated with dietary AA (r = 0.07), linoleic acid (r = 0.04), or other dietary (n-6) FAs, or with adipose tissue linoleic acid (r = -0.07). These data suggest that the association between MI and adipose tissue AA is not related to dietary intake of (n-6) FAs including linoleic acid. Better understanding of the metabolic factors that increase AA in adipose tissue is urgently needed.
Application of Comparative Lipidomics to Elucidate Postprandial Metabolic Excursions Following Dairy Milk Ingestion in Individuals with Prediabetes; Nutrient-dense dairy foods are an important component of a healthy diet. Recommendations, however, advise non- and low-fat dairy foods despite controversy concerning whether full-fat dairy foods adversely impact cardiometabolic health. Therefore, in this study, our objective is to examine the differential plasma lipidomic responses to non-fat or full-fat milk ingestion during postprandial hyperglycemia. Seven adults with prediabetes completed a randomized cross-over study in which glucose was consumed alone or with non-fat or full-fat dairy milk. Plasma samples collected at 90 min and 180 min post milk ingestion were used to perform untargeted lipidomics analysis. A total of 332 lipids from 20 classes and five lipid categories were detected at different time points during the postprandial period. Dairy milk, especially non-fat milk, protected against lipid changes otherwise induced by glucose ingestion. Co-ingestion of dairy milk with glucose, regardless of fat content, significantly altered lipid profiles although full-fat milk more substantially modulated lipid profiles. For the identified lipid biomarkers, 68.0% and 66.7% of the lipids significantly increased at 90 and 180 min, respectively, while phosphatidylcholines (GPs) contributed most for the significant increase. Comparative lipidomics analysis indicated that both types of dairy milk induced significant changes in several lipid pathways, including glycerophospholipid metabolism and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, to protect against postprandial hyperglycemia. In summary, our comparative lipidomics results suggested that dairy milk-mediated lipid modulation may be an effective dietary approach to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases among those with prediabetes.
Production of sodium alginate-gelatin composite hydrogel-based 3D cultured fat with low cholesterol and high polyunsaturated fatty acids; Cultured fat is an important component of cell-cultured meat, which furnishes essential fatty acids and phospholipids, as well as being abundant in cholesterol. However, few studies have been on regulating the nutritional composition of cell-cultured meat, especially concerning the deposition of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and cholesterol. Here, we use sodium alginate-gelatin scaffolds to generate cultured fat, and find that phosphatidylcholine (PC) can promote the adipogenic differentiation of fibro-adipogenic progenitors (FAPs), accelerate lipid accumulation, and facilitate cultured fat production in the sodium alginate-gelatin 3D culture system. Interestingly, when PC is loaded into Euglena (Eg-PC) for co-culture, the triglycerides (TGs) content in fat is further increased. Multi-omics analysis reveals that PC treatment significantly alters the lipid composition of cultured fat produced by FAPs and increases the content of TGs, especially PUFAs (alpha-linolenic acid and linolenic acid). More importantly, PC treatment also reduces the total cholesterol content of cultured fat. This study provides innovative approaches for producing cultured fat with "high PUFAs and low cholesterol".
Natural approaches in metabolic syndrome management; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized as a group of cardiometabolic risk factors that raise the risk for heart disease and other health problems, such as diabetes mellitus and stroke. Treatment strategies include pharmacologic interventions and supplementary (or "alternative") treatments. Nutraceuticals are derived from food sources (isolated nutrients, dietary supplements and herbal products) that are purported to provide health benefits, in addition to providing basic nutritional value. Nutraceuticals are claimed to prevent chronic diseases, improve health, delay the aging process, increase life expectancy, and support the structure and function of the body. The study of the beneficial effects of nutraceuticals in patients with MetS, including product standardization, duration of supplementation and definition of optimal dosing, could help better define appropriate treatment. This review focuses on widely marketed nutraceuticals (namely polyphenols, omega-3 fatty acids, macroelements and vitamins) with clinically demonstrated effects on more than one component of MetS.
Association of dietary fatty acids with the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in a prospective cohort of United States veterans; Background: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases (ASCVDs) are the leading cause of worldwide adult mortality. Although broad classes of dietary fats have been shown to alter ASCVD risk, the roles that individual dietary fatty acids play in influencing ASCVD risk are unclear. Objectives: The aim of this prospective cohort study was to examine the relationships of the total fat classes and individual fatty acids with the risk of ASCVD.Methods: The Million Veteran Program is a prospective cohort whereby dietary intake of fatty acids was assessed in 158,198 participants that had enrolled between January 2011 and November 2018 and were free of ASCVD at baseline. Incident ASCVD was ascertained from the Veterans Affairs electronic health records and the National Death Index. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for the relationship between fat intake and ASCVD risk were computed using Cox regression models.Results: The mean age was 61 years, 88% were males. A total of 11,771 ASCVD events were identified during the follow-up. When compared with the lowest quintile, participants in the highest quintile of dietary trans-monounsaturated fats and conjugated linoleic acids had an increased risk (HR [95% CI]) of ASCVD events: 1.10 (1.04, 1.17) and 1.11 (1.05, 1.18), respectively. When compared with low consumers, participants in the highest quintile of total cis-polyunsaturated fatty acid intake had a lower risk of experiencing an ASCVD event 0.93 (0.87, 0.99).Conclusion: Although higher intakes of specific trans-fatty acids and conjugated linoleic were associated with an increased risk of ASCVD, the same cannot be said for all other fat classes. This work suggests that care must be taken when drawing general conclusions regarding the health effects of dietary individual fatty acids.
COMPARISON OF EFFECTS OF N-3 TO N-6 FATTY-ACIDS ON SERUM LEVEL OF LIPOPROTEIN(A) IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; The influence of dietary supplementation with n-3 versus n-6 fatty acids on plasma lipoprotein(a) (Lp[a]) levels was studied. Thirty-five male hospitalized patients with coronary artery disease were treated for 4 weeks with 12 g/day of fish oil (approximate to 8.5 g of n-3 fatty acids) in combination with a 5,000 kilojoule, 30% fat diet and moderate exercise. Eighteen control patients given the same dietary and training program were treated with 12 g/day of rapeseed oil. Plasma Lp(a), in addition to several lipids and lipoproteins, blood clotting factors, and platelet reactivity, were measured before and at the end of therapy. Results can be summarized as follows: total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B levels decreased significantly in both the rapeseed oil (-14.4%, -20.3%, -15.2%, respectively) and fish oil (-12.2%, -16.0%, and -14.2%, respectively) groups. Triglycerides decreased (-20.3%) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased (+8.3%) significantly only in patients treated with fish oil. Plasma Lp(a) levels were reduced by 14% in the fish oil group, but unaffected in the rapeseed oil group. Patients treated with fish oil could be categorized into 2 subgroups: ''responders,'' with a reduction in Lp(a) by 24% and ''nonresponders,'' with a small nonsignificant increase in serum Lp(a). Responders and nonresponders exhibited a marked reduction in cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and triglycerides, and an increase in high-density lipoprotein, cholesterol. There was a large reduction in tissue plasminogen activator in the fish oil group, which correlated significantly with reduction in Lp(a). Platelet number and aggregation behavior were not significantly changed in either group. No physiologic differences were seen between responders and nonresponders.
DIFFERENTIAL CYTOTOXIC EFFECTS OF GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID ON MG-63 AND HELA-CELLS; Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) inhibited cell proliferation in MG-63 and HeLa cells. Different morphological lesions were present in dividing cells; abnormal spindle formation in MG-63 cells and chromosome hypercondensation in HeLa cells. Different types of cell death were also present in interphase cells, no apoptosis but only 6% pycnosis in MG-63 cells and 90% apoptosis in HeLa cells. In MG-63 cells immunofluorescence showed segregation of nucleoli components, abnormal spindle formation and decreased labelling of microtubuli during interphase. In HeLa interphase cells prominently labelled abnormally arranged microtubuli were observed. The effects of GLA on protein synthesis in synchronized cells mere determined with [S-35]-methionine incorporation and SDS-PAGE. Decreased protein synthesis in both G(1)- and S-phase MG-63 cells was present. In S-phase HeLa cells, proteins of similar or equal to 40, 92 and 150 kD were markedly expressed. Signalling mechanisms involved in cell proliferation and cell death may be differently affected in MG-63 and HeLa cells.
Nutrigenetic association of the 5-lipoxygenase gene with myocardial infarction; Background: 5-Lipoxygenase (5-LO) catalyzes the rate-limiting step of the biosynthesis of proinflammatory leukotrienes from arachidonic acid (AA) and has been associated with atherosclerosis in animal models and humans. We previously reported that variants of a 5-LO promoter repeat polymorphism were associated with carotid atherosclerosis in humans, an effect that was exacerbated by high dietary AA but mitigated by high dietary n-3 fatty acids.
Genetic Predictors for Cardiovascular Disease in Hispanics; A less favorable cardiovascular risk factor profile but paradoxically lower cardiovascular morbidity and mortality have been observed in Hispanics a pattern often referred to as the Hispanic paradox. It has been proposed that the specific genetic susceptibility of this admixed population and gene-environment interactions may partly explain the paradox. During the past few years, there have been major advances in the identification of genetic risk factors using genome-wide association studies (GWAS) for cardiovascular disease, especially in Caucasians. However, no GWAS of cardiovascular disease have been reported in Hispanics. In the Costa Rican Heart Study, we reported both the consistency and disparity of genetic effects on risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) between Hispanics and other ethnic groups. We demonstrated that the improvement in the identified genetic markers on discrimination of CHD in Hispanics was modest. Future genetic research on Hispanics should consider the diversity in genetic structure, lifestyle, and socioeconomics among various subpopulations and comprehensively evaluate potential gene-environment interactions in relation to cardiovascular risk. (Trends Cardiovasc Med 2011;21:15-20) (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Tetradecylthioacetic Acid Increases Fat Metabolism and Improves Cardiac Function in Experimental Heart Failure; Changes in myocardial metabolism, including a shift from fatty acid to glucose utilization and changes in fatty acid availability and composition are characteristics of heart failure development. Tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA) is a fatty acid analogue lacking the ability to undergo mitochondrial beta-oxidation. TTA promotes hepatic proliferation of mitochondria and peroxisomes and also decreases serum triglycerides and cholesterol in animals. We investigated the effect of TTA, in combination with a high-fat or regular diet, in a rat model of post-myocardial infarction heart failure. TTA had a beneficial effect on cardiac function in post-myocardial infarction heart failure without affecting myocardial remodeling. These effects of TTA on myocardial function were accompanied by decreased free fatty acids in plasma, increased myocardial proportion of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and a decreased proportion of n-6 PUFA. Myocardial enzyme gene expression during TTA treatment suggested that the increase in n-3 PUFA could reflect increased n-3 PUFA synthesis and inadequately increased n-3 PUFA beta-oxidation. Based on our data, it is unlikely that the changes are secondary to alterations in other tissues as plasma and liver showed an opposite pattern with decreased n-3 PUFA during TTA treatment. The present study suggests that TTA may improve myocardial function in heart failure, potentially involving its ability to decrease the availability of FFA and increase the myocardial proportion of n-3 PUFA.
Associations of fish oil with cardiovascular disease events: results from the Taiwan longitudinal study in aging; Background The effectiveness of fish oil in preventing cardiovascular events is still debating. Some studies indicate a correlation between the use of fish oil supplements and reduced mortality or decreased incidence of stroke. However, other studies show no significant association between fish oil intake and stroke prevention, indicating an ongoing debate. This study aimed at exploring which subjects may benefit more from fish oil supplementation. Methods This study utilized the data obtained through face-to-face interview from the Taiwan Longitudinal Study in Aging (TLSA). A total of 3,652 participants were included from the 2003 baseline data, after excluding patients with pre-existing ischemic heart disease or stroke. Participants were divided into two groups based on whether taking fish oil supplement or not. Participants were followed until 2015, estimating and comparing the all-cause mortality and cumulative incidence rate of stroke between both groups. Results The results of the 12-year longitudinal study showed that the cumulative incidence rate of stroke in the fish oil supplementation group was 5.7%, compared to 7.7% in the non-supplemented group (P < 0.05). Additionally, the crude hazard ratio for stroke was significantly lower in the fish oil supplementation group (HR = 0.686;95% CI 0.476-0.987). However, after adjusting potential confounders, the adjusted risk of stroke was lower only for the diabetic patients supplemented with fish oil (aHR = 0.123; 95% CI 0.016-0.930) compared to non-diabetic patients (aHR = 0.917; 95% CI 0.616-1.364). Conclusion This study suggests that there is an association between fish oil supplementation and a lower cumulative incidence rate of subsequent stroke among diabetic patients.
Increase of Cholesterol Oxidation and Decrease of PUFA as a Result of Thermal Processing and Storage in Eggs Enriched with n-3 Fatty Acids; In this work, cholesterol oxide formation and alteration of fatty acid composition were analyzed in n-3 enriched eggs under different storage periods and two temperatures. The eggs enriched with n-3 fatty acids were stored at 5 or 25 degrees C for 45 days and subsequently boiled or fried. For each treatment, 12 yolks were analyzed every 15 days including time zero. The concentrations of the cholesterol oxides 7-ketocholesterol, 7 beta-hydroxycholesterol, and 7 alpha-hydroxycholesterol increased during the storage period and were higher in fried eggs. Only the 7-ketocholesterol was affected by the storage temperature, and its concentration was highest in eggs stored at 25 degrees C. There was no significant difference in the contents of cholesterol and vitamin E at the different storage periods; however, the concentration of vitamin E decreased with thermal treatment. In addition, the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially 18:3, 20:5, and 22:6, were reduced throughout the storage at 5 and 25 degrees C.
Cardiometabolic Impact of Non-Statin Lipid Lowering Therapies; Among the range of lipid modifying medications currently available, statins clearly stand as the primary agent capable of reducing cardiovascular risk. While non-statin lipid-lowering drugs improve lipid parameters, their impact on clinical outcomes is less clear, thus necessitating an even closer look at ancillary effects. Recent studies have reported the potential cardiometabolic effects of statins, yet considerably less information has been published about cardiometabolic changes associated with non-statin lipid-lowering agents. This review describes the cardiometabolic profile of non-statin lipid-lowering agents-fibrates, niacin, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, ezetimibe, and bile acid sequestrants-and therefore aims to facilitate informed decision-making in the pharmacologic management of lipid abnormalities.
Dietary Fat Quality for Optimal Health and Well-Being: Overview of Recommendations; A century ago, dietary fat was mainly seen as a source of energy. In 1929, George and Mildred Burr introduced the concept of essential fats: certain fats, i.e. linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid, need to be provided by the diet to prevent deficiencies. Although essential fats were initially considered of marginal nutritional importance for humans, clinical deficiency symptoms were recorded for the first time in the 1960s. Beyond the fact that essential fats can prevent deficiencies, research over the past decades has shown that they also play a major role in preventing chronic conditions such as cardiovascular diseases. This has resulted in an increased interest in the quality of the dietary lipid supply as a major determinant of long-term health and well-being, which is also reflected in recent diet guidelines. This paper will give an overview of key aspects of present recommendations on dietary fats. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Intake of fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in a cohort of Finnish men - The alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene cancer prevention study; The relation of intakes of specific fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart disease was examined in a cohort of 21,930 smoking men aged 50-69 years who were initially free of diagnosed cardiovascular disease. All men participated in the Finnish Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study and completed a detailed and validated dietary questionnaire at baseline, After 6.1 years of follow-up from 1985-1988, the authors documented 1,399 major coronary events and 635 coronary deaths, After controlling for age, supplement group, several coronary risk factors, total energy, and fiber intake, the authors observed a significant positive association between the intake of frans-fatty acids and the risk of coronary death, For men in the top quintile of frans-fatty acid intake (median=6.2 g/day), the multivariate relative risk of coronary death was 1.39 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09-1.78) (p for trend=0.004) as compared with men in the lowest quintile of intake (median=1.3 g/day). The intake of omega-3 fatty acids from fish was also directly related to the risk of coronary death in the multivariate model adjusting also for frans-saturated and cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (relative risk (RR)=1.30, 95% CI 1.01-1.67) (p for trend=0.06 for men in the highest quintile of intake compared with the lowest), There was no association between intakes of saturated or cis-monounsaturated fatty acids, linoleic or linolenic acid, or dietary cholesterol and the risk of coronary deaths. All the associations were similar but somewhat weaker for all major coronary events.
Dietary marine-derived long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease risk: a mini review; Regular fish/fish oil consumption is widely recommended for protection against cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Fish and other marine life are rich sources of the cardioprotective long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5 n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6 n-3; DHA). The lipid content and fatty acid profile of fish, however, vary greatly among different fish species. In addition to n-3 PUFA, certain fish, such as saury, pollock, and herring, also contain high levels of long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids (LCMUFA), with aliphatic tails longer than 18 C atoms (i.e., C20:1 and C22:1 isomers). Compared with well-studied n-3 PUFA, limited information, however, is available on the health benefits of marine-derived LCMUFA, particularly in regard to CVD. Our objective in this review is to summarize the current knowledge and provide perspective on the potential therapeutic value of dietary LCMUFA-rich marine oil for improving CVD risk factors. We will also review the possible mechanisms of LCMUFA action on target tissues. Finally, we describe the epidemiologic data and small-scaled clinical studies that have been done on marine oils enriched in LCMUFA. Although there are still many unanswered questions about LCMUFA, this appears to be promising new area of research that may lead to new insights into the health benefits of a different component of fish oils besides n-3 PUFA.
Field production of texas native evening primrose (<i>Oenothera</i> spp.) as a source of gamma linolenic acid; Gamma linolenic acid (GLA) has been recognized as a beneficial treatment for a variety of human ailments including high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, skin disorders, and diabetic neuropathy. Oenothera biennis has been the most widely used species of evening primrose to produce GLA. Over a period of two years, native accessions of O. elata, O. jamesii and O. rhombipetala were produced as transplants in a greenhouse and mechanically transplanted to the field using three different plant spacings. Plots were harvested and analyzed to determine seed yield, oil content and GLA level. In the two years of this study, seed yield, oil content and GLA level were significantly impacted by plant spacing treatments. Generally, the higher plant populations gave the best results.
Fatty acids in Great Lakes lake trout and whitefish; Fish are an excellent source of lean protein and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) but there is inadequate information on the levels of PUFAs in freshwater fish and specifically Great Lakes fish. Knowledge of PUFAs is necessary to make informed decisions regarding the balance between the benefits of fish consumption due to these factors versus risks of adverse health effects associated with elevated levels of contaminants known to be present in some Great Lakes fish and linked to increased risk of cancer and adverse neurological effects to both infants and adults. Our goal was to determine the lipid profiles in two species of Great Lakes fish, lake trout and whitefish. Total fat and the percentage of total and omega-3 PUFAs were with one exception significantly higher in lake trout than whitefish. Average concentrations of EPA + DHA were 11.2 and 9.7 g/100 g lipid in lake trout and whitefish, respectively. The concentrations of EPA + DHA in fatty marine fish (22.7, 23.9 and 30.2 g/100 g lipid, respectively) are about double those found in Great Lakes lake trout and whitefish. Nevertheless a 100 g serving of Great Lakes lake trout provides more than 500 mg of EPA + DHA, which is the daily intake level recommended by the American Dietetics Association for the prevention of coronary heart disease. (c) 2013 International Association for Great Lakes Research. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Profound reductions in first and total cardiovascular events with icosapent ethyl in the REDUCE-IT trial: why these results usher in a new era in dyslipidaemia therapeutics; The aims of this clinical review are to: (i) highlight the importance of elevated baseline triglycerides (TG) in the setting of well-controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) on statins as a major contributor to residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk, particularly among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and obesity whose distinctive lipid phenotype cannot be optimally treated with LDL-C reduction therapy alone; (ii) describe the findings and clinical implications of the landmark REDUCE-IT trial in which ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid significantly improved ASCVD outcomes. While many genetic studies have shown that elevated TG are an independent causal factor for ASCVD, prior placebo-controlled trials using niacin, fibrates, omega-3 fatty acids, and dietary supplement fish oil preparations have failed to demonstrate significant CV event reduction when added to statin therapy. In contrast, the REDUCE-IT trial in 8179 participants showed convincingly that the administration of 4 g daily of icosapent ethyl (an ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid) in patients at high risk for ASCVD with increased levels of baseline TG [median value, 2.44 mmol/L (216.0 mg/dL)] but well-controlled LDL-C [median value, 1.94 mmol/L (75.0 mg/dL)] reduced significantly incident events across both the trial primary endpoint and multiple prespecified secondary endpoints, including cardiovascular death, as well as both subsequent and total primary endpoint and key secondary endpoint events. Icosapent ethyl unequivocally contributed to ASCVD event reduction over and above statin therapy. The REDUCE-IT trial results should alter our approach to managing a growing population of hypertriglyceridaemic patients whose lipid phenotype requires more intensive treatment beyond LDL-C lowering alone.
Fish consumption and risk of major chronic disease in men; Background: Although fish consumption may reduce specific disease endpoints, such as sudden cardiac death and prostate cancer, the effects of major chronic disease on total burden, reflecting sums of effects on a variety of endpoints and risk pathways, are not well established. Higher n - 6 fatty acid consumption has also been hypothesized to reduce the health benefits of n - 3 fatty acids in fish.
Health aspects of partially defatted flaxseed, including effects on serum lipids, oxidative measures, and ex vivo androgen and progestin activity: a controlled crossover trial; Background: Currently there is considerable interest in the potential health benefits of oil seeds, such as soy and flaxseed, especially in relation to cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Decrease in DHA and other fatty acids correlates with photoreceptor degeneration in retinitis pigmentosa; Fatty acids, and especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are essential for photoreceptor cell integrity and are involved in the phototransduction cascade. In this study, we analyzed the changes in the fatty acid profile in the retina of the rd10 mouse, model of retinitis pigmentosa, in order to identify potential risk factors for retinal degeneration and possible therapeutic approaches. Fatty acids from C57BL/6J and rd10 mouse retinas were extracted with Folch's method and analyzed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. Changes in retinal morphology were evaluated by immunohistochemistry. The rd10 mouse retina showed a decreased number of photoreceptor rows and alterations in photoreceptor morphology compared to C57BL/6J mice. The total amount of fatty acids dropped by 29.4% in the dystrophic retinas compared to C57BL/6J retinas. A positive correlation was found between the retinal content of specific fatty acids and the number of photoreceptor rows. We found that the amount of several short-chain and long-chain saturated fatty acids, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, decreased in the retina of rd10 mice. Moreover, the content of the n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid and the n-3 polyunsaturated DHA decreased markedly in the dystrophic retina. The fall of DHA was more pronounced, hence the n-6/n-3 ratio was significantly increased in the diseased retina. The content of specific fatty acids in the retina decreased with photoreceptor degeneration in retinitis pigmentosa mice, with a remarkable reduction in DHA and other saturated and unsaturated fatty acids. These fatty acids could be essential for photoreceptor cell viability, and they should be evaluated for the design of therapeutical strategies and nutritional supplements.
Influence of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on soluble cellular adhesion molecules as biomarkers of cardiovascular risk in young healthy subjects; Background and aim: Serum levels of soluble cellular adhesion molecules (CAMS) and blood lipid parameters have been used as markers of inflammatory processes associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. The present study evaluated the effects of the intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in fish and fish oil within energy-restricted diets, on soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) and soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1).
Hyperlipidemia in dialysis patients: What treatment?; The incidence of hyperlipidemia hyperlipidemia in the dialysis population in our hospital reflects the incidence reported by other authors but we ascertained a high incidence of hypercholesterolemic patients. The importance of cardiovascular illnesses as the cause of death in patients on dialysis means taking into consideration risk factors. In our study, omega-3 fatty acids proved to be effective in about half the patients treated and did not have side effects. In a comparison of patients who underwent alternative techniques with high-flux membranes and those who underwent standard dialysis, the first group showed a virtually normal lipid profile. High-flux membranes could be a therapeutical possibility for hypertriglyceridemic patients under dialysis.
Consumption of Fish and Long-chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Is Associated With Reduced Risk of Colorectal Cancer in a Large European Cohort; BACKGROUND & AIMS: There is an unclear association between intake of fish and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFAs) and colorectal cancer (CRC). We examined the association between fish consumption, dietary and circulating levels of n-3 LC-PUFAs, and ratio of n-6:n-3 LC-PUFA with CRC using data from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.
Nutrition and cardiovascular disease; The major cardiovascular diseases affecting the developed world have at their core atherosclerosis and hypertension, both of which are profoundly affected by diet and can be approached, at least in part, from a nutritional point of view, as can the increasing "epidemic" of obesity. Diet is a multi-component mixture of many nutrients, which may interact with one another. The definitive study of nutrients and their impact on cardiovascular disease can be a daunting enterprise. Many dietary risk factors contribute to these diseases in various environmental and ethnic settings. These risk factors are often in evidence in youth so that preventive measures must be initiated early in life. Although most of the information about nutritional risk factors and cardiovascular disease derives from studies in the developed world, the situation is rapidly evolving toward epidemic proportions in the developing world where a major burden on the economy and health services will be imposed.
Association between plasma fatty acids and inflammatory markers in patients with and without insulin resistance and in secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, a cross-sectional study; Background: Proinflammatory biomarkers levels are increased among patients with cardiovascular disease, and it is known that both the presence of insulin resistance and diet may influence those levels. However, these associations are not well studied among patients with established cardiovascular disease. Our objective is to compare inflammatory biomarker levels among cardiovascular disease secondary prevention patients with and without insulin resistance, and to evaluate if there is any association between plasma fatty acid levels and inflammatory biomarker levels among them.
Hypertriglyceridemia and Cardiovascular Diseases: Revisited; Residual cardiovascular risk and failure of high density lipoprotein cholesterol raising treatment have refocused interest on targeting hypertriglyceridemia. Hypertriglyceridemia, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, and remnant cholesterol have demonstrated to be important risk factors for cardiovascular disease; this has been demonstrated in experimental, genetic, and epidemiological studies. Fibrates can reduce cardiovascular event rates with or without statins. High dose omega-3 fatty acids continue to be evaluated and new specialized targeting treatment modulating triglyceride pathways, such as inhibition of apolipoprotein C-III and angiopoietin-like proteins, are being tested with regard to their effects on lipid profiles and cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we will discuss the role of hypertriglyceridemia, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and remnant cholesterol on cardiovascular disease, and the potential implications for treatment stargeting hypertriglyceridemia.
Icosapent ethyl, a pure EPA omega-3 fatty acid: Effects on lipoprotein particle concentration and size in patients with very high triglyceride levels (the MARINE study); BACKGROUND: Icosapent ethyl (IPE; formerly AMR101) is a high-purity prescription form of eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester. In the MARINE study we evaluated the efficacy and safety of IPE in patients with very high triglycerides (TG; >= 500 mg/dL) and previously demonstrated significant reductions in TG levels with no significant increases in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels.
Haemostatic function and platelet polyunsaturated fatty acids in Eskimos (Reprinted from Lancet, vol 2, pg 433, 1979); Death from cardiovascular disease is rare among Eskimos. Haemostasis was investigated in twenty-one Greenland Eskimos and twenty-one age and sex matched Danish controls. Platelet lipid analysis demonstrated that a high consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (such as cis 5, 8, 11, 14, 17-eicosapentaenoic acid [C20:5]) by Eskimos increased the proportion of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the platelets. The Eskimos had a significantly longer bleeding-time due to a reduction in platelet aggregation. It is suggested that C20:5 in the platelets is converted by the vascular-wall tissue to an anti-aggregatory prostacyclin. Partial dietary substitution of arachidonic acid by eicosapentaenoic acid may reduce the incidence of thrombotic disorders, including myocardial infarction.
Fish Oil and Perioperative Bleeding Insights From the OPERA Randomized Trial; BACKGROUND: Fish oil is among the most common natural supplements for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia or prevention of cardiovascular disease. However, concerns about theoretical bleeding risk have led to recommendations that patients should stop taking fish oil before surgery or delay in elective procedures for patients taking fish oil by some health care professionals.
Dyslipidemia in diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease; Patients with diabetes have a high residual risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and adverse outcomes despite statin therapy and lifestyle modifications. Particular to individuals with diabetes is the pattern of elevated triglycerides, small dense low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and reduced levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, described as dyslipidemia of diabetes. The role of combination therapy with an additional agent such as niacin, ezetimibe, fenofibrate, and n-3 fatty acids has been studied; however, at the same time, these agents have come under criticism for their limitations. We performed a review of key trials assessing the benefit of combination therapy to reduce CVD risk from dyslipidemia. Of the currently available agents that can be used in combination with statins, ezetimibe has the most favorable risk profile, with a recent trial demonstrating modest incremental benefit when given in addition to statins. PCSK9 inhibitors are a promising category, although clinical outcome data in individuals with diabetes are pending. (C) 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Surviving starvation simply without TFEB; Starvation is among the most ancient of selection pressures, driving evolution of a robust arsenal of starvation survival defenses. In order to survive starvation stress, organisms must be able to curtail anabolic processes during starvation and judiciously activate catabolic pathways. Although the activation of metabolic defenses in response to nutrient deprivation is an obvious component of starvation survival, less appreciated is the importance of the ability to recover from starvation upon re-exposure to nutrients. In order for organisms to successfully recover from starvation, cells must be kept in a state of ready so that upon the return of nutrients, activities such as growth and reproduction can be resumed. Critical to this state of ready is the lysosome, an organelle that provides essential signals of nutrient sufficiency to cell growth-activating pathways in the fed state. In this issue, Murphy and colleagues provide evidence that exposure of Caenorhabditis elegans roundworms to 2 simple nutrients, glucose and the polyunsaturated fatty acid linoleate, is able to render lysosomal function competent to activate key downstream starvation recovery pathways, bypassing the need for a master transcriptional regulator of lysosomes. These findings provide a quantum leap forward in our understanding of the cellular determinants that permit organisms to survive cycles of feast and famine.
Fish oil supplements, longevity and aging; Fish oil supplementation is of great medical and public interest with epidemiological evidence of health benefits in humans, in particular by conferring protection against heart diseases. Its anti-inflammatory properties have also been reported. Initial results from short-lived mouse strains showed that fish oil can increase lifespan, affecting pathways like inflammation and oxidation thought to be involved in the regulation of aging. Could fish oil and its omega-3 fatty acids act as geroprotectors? Probably not. A new study by Strong et al. challenges the role for fish oil supplementation in aging. Using a large cohort of genetically heterogeneous mice in three sites, part of the Interventions Testing Program of the NIA, Strong et al. show that fish oil supplementation at either low or high dosages has no effect on the lifespan of male or female mice. Although it is still possible that fish oil supplementation has health benefits for specific age-related diseases, it does not appear to slow aging or have longevity benefits.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids and fenofibrate on lipid and hemorrheological parameters in familial dysbetalipoproteinemia and familial hypertriglyceridemia; There is increasing evidence that hemorrheological abnormalities are associated with an enhanced risk of atherosclerosis. The n-3 fatty acids (n-3-FA) have been shown to have beneficial effects on atherosclerosis in patients with dyslipoproteinemias. We studied 23 patients with elevated plasma triglycerides to evaluate the influence of fish oil and fenofibrate therapy on hemorrheological parameters (15 patients with familiar hypertriglyceridemia [FHTG] and eight with familial dysbetalipoproteinemia [FDL]). The patients (one woman and 22 men aged 45.7 +/- 2.0 years) were treated with increasing doses of n-3-FA (1.8 to 3.6 g/d: 0.9 to 1.8 g eicosapentaenoic acid and 0.6 to 1.2 g docosahexaenoic acid) for 8 weeks. Lipid parameters, whole-blood viscosity at different shear rates, plasma viscosity, fibrinogen concentration, and red blood cell aggregation (RCA) were measured at baseline and at weeks 2, 4, 8 (end of n-3-FA therapy), and 12. Compliance was ensured by measuring plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. After 12 weeks, patients began treatment with fenofibrate (250 mg daily); investigations were performed again at week 20. Total triglycerides (from 6.90 +/- 1.70 to 3.61 +/- 0.78 mmol/L in FDL and 7.44 +/- 1.50 to 4.15 +/- 0.55 in FHTG), very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides, and VLDL cholesterol were significantly decreased with n-3-FA therapy in both groups (P < .05). In FHTG, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol increased significantly (from 2.75 +/- 0.28 to 3.97 +/- 0.35 mmol/L, P < .01); in FDL, total cholesterol decreased (from 9.76 +/- 1.32 to 7.34 +/- 1.07 mmol/L, P < .05). No significant changes were observed in hemorrheological parameters, except for reduced RCA with 3.6 g n-3-FA in FHTG. However, with fenofibrate therapy, in addition to comparable lipoprotein changes seen with fish oil, fibrinogen levels and plasma and blood viscosity decreased in patients with FDL. We conclude that n-3-FA and fenofibrate have comparable effects on lipid parameters in patients with FDL and FHTG. Because of additional beneficial effects on hemorrheological parameters, fenofibrate may be preferred for the treatment of FDL. Copyright (C) 1996 by W.B. Saunders Company
Plasma phospholipids fatty acids, dietary fatty acids, and breast cancer risk; This study prospectively investigates associations between fatty acids assessed in plasma phospholipids (PPL) and diet, and breast cancer risk, including subgroups defined by hormone receptor status.
Systemic Bioavailability and Dose Proportionality of Omega-3 Administered in Free Fatty Acid Form Compared With Ethyl Ester Form: Results of a Phase 1 Study in Healthy Volunteers; Omega-3 carboxylic acids (OM3-CA) contains eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in free fatty acid form. Per gram, OM3-CA includes approximately half as much EPA as icosapent ethyl (IPE), an ethyl ester formulation of EPA.
Lipid, protein, and calorie content of different Atlantic and Mediterranean fish, shellfish, and molluscs commonly eaten in the south of Spain; We undertook a systematic evaluation of the lipid, protein, calorie, and fatty acid composition in 35 species of fish, shellfish and molluscs commonly consumed throughout the four seasons of the year in Andalusia, Spain. Using a portion of muscle tissue the following were measured in each study unit: total lipids (extraction using Folch's method and gravimetry), protein concentration (Kjehldal's method), total calories (direct calorimetry), and composition of fatty acids (gas chromatography). The lipid, protein, and different fatty acid concentrations found are presented in table form. There was a high degree of inter-species variability in the concentration of lipids and the various fatty acids. There was also a high degree of intra-species seasonal variability in some cases. The relative proportion of fatty acids was not independent of the total concentration of lipids, independently of the season studied. This systematic study of a large group of species shows that the cataloguing of fish as 'white' or 'blue' depends especially on the time of year they are captured. For example, in spring the mackerel (Scomber scambrus), a fish considered traditionally to be 'blue' (fatty), has the same lipid concentration as the dover sore (Solea vulgaris), commonly considered to be 'white' (little fat), and the sea pike (Merluccius merluccius) has a higher lipid concentration in autumn than the jack mackerel (Trachurus trachurus). Even greater differences existed when the fish were classified according to their richness in n-3 fatty acids. These differences in the total lipid concentration and the composition of fatty acids, as well as the inter-relations between them, may, under certain circumstances, be important for the calculation of dietary calories and nutritional values, and may explain the differences found between the various tables of food composition, as well as the divergent results in epidemiological studies on the association between fish in diets and various diseases, such as diabetes or ischaemic cardiopathy.
Nutritional significance and health benefits of designer eggs; Designer foods of animal origin are produced either by feeding specific diets, or using new techniques like genetic engineering, cross-breeding. Designer eggs are an important type of functional foods. With the advancement of poultry industry, there is a rising interest in poultry biotechnology for altering the egg composition by genetic and nutritional manipulations for human health. This can be done by modifying cholesterol concentration and its fractions, lipid profile, fatty acids, amino acids and minerals or through adding therapeutic pharmaceutical molecules. Designer eggs provide vegetarian, safe, immune powered, specialty or organic foodstuffs which can have improved vitamins, minerals, balanced ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids, lowered total cholesterol, additional boost of antibodies and essential pigments such as carotenoids. From the relevant scientific literature, functional eggs can be considered as human designer food. This review describes the concepts of designer eggs and their health benefits and nutritional values.
<i>APOE</i> genotype modifies the association between plasma omega-3 fatty acids and plasma lipids in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA); Objective: The benefits of fish oil fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) on plasma lipid profiles have been inconsistent but may partially depend on individual Apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotypes. We aimed to determine whether APOE genotype modifies the association of lipid profile characteristics with plasma EPA and DHA levels.
Pretreatment with fish oil attenuates heart ischaemia consequences in rats; New Findings What is the central question of this study? We investigated whether pretreatment with fish oil could prevent the major consequences of ischaemic injury to the heart.
DIETARY GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID MODULATES MACROPHAGE-VASCULAR SMOOTH-MUSCLE CELL-INTERACTIONS - EVIDENCE FOR A MACROPHAGE-DERIVED SOLUBLE FACTOR THAT DOWN-REGULATES DNA-SYNTHESIS IN SMOOTH-MUSCLE CELLS; Macrophages and smooth muscle cells (SMCs) are two of the major reactive cell types in atherosclerosis, a disease characterized by uncontrolled proliferation of SMCs. The present study was designed to determine how dietary oils containing gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) (primrose oil [PO]) and long-chain n-3 fatty acids (fish oil) influence the ability of macrophages to modulate SMC DNA synthesis in vitro. Mice were fed one of four diets containing 10% (wt/wt) corn oil (GO), PO, fish oil-CO mix (FC; 9:1, wt/wt), or fish oil-PO mix (FP; 1:3, wt/wt) for 2 weeks. Resident peritoneal macrophages were isolated from these mice and seeded on a semipermeable membrane with a 30-kDa cutoff. Macrophages were preincubated with or without 50 mu mol/L indomethacin (a cyclooxygenase inhibitor) or 50 mu mol/L L655,238 (a 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor) for 30 minutes and subsequently cocultured with naive murine aortic SMCs grown on culture dishes. DNA synthesis in SMCs and prostaglandin formation in coculture supernatants were measured at the end of a 39-hour incubation period. SMC DNA synthesis was inhibited by 28% and 60% in PO and FP diets containing 10.1% and 8.2% GLA, respectively, relative to the control CO diet containing no GLA or long-chain n-3 fatty acid. A fourfold increase in the levels of PGE(1), a potent antiproliferative eicosanoid derived from GLA, was observed in the PO and FP groups relative to the control CO group. Although PGE, levels were not different between the CO and FC dietary groups, 15% inhibition of SMC DNA synthesis, relative to that in mice fed the control CO diet, was observed in mice fed the FC diet containing 13.3% 20:5n-3 and 7.6% 22:6n-3 fatty acids. Macrophage inhibition of SMC DNA synthesis and proliferation in mice consuming GLA-enriched diets was blocked by indomethacin but not by L655,238. Addition of exogenous PGE, (100 nmol/L) reversed the effect of indomethacin. In experiments in which mice were fed increasing levels of GLA-containing triglycerides, the ability of macrophages to downregulate SMC proliferation was modulated in a dose-dependent fashion. These data indicate that macrophages isolated from animals consuming diets supplemented with dietary oils containing GLA reduce SMC DNA synthesis and proliferation in a cycle oxygenase-dependent manner and therefore may favorably modulate the atherogenic process.
Immunonutrition in head and neck cancer: Systematic review and metanalysis of its clinical and nutritional effects; Background and aims: A systematic review was conducted to assess the effects of glutamine, arginine and omega-3 supplementation on the tolerance to treatment, nutritional status and immune function of head and neck cancer (HNC) patients undergoing chemoradiotherapy.
Fish oils and vascular disease prevention: An update; Considerable epidemiological data confirmed the existence of favorable associations between fish consumption and mortality from cardiovascular disease. Accumulating evidence suggests that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation is an effective additive treatment for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Another indication for the use of n-3 PUFA is the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia as monotherapy or in combination with other lipid lowering agents (e.g. statins or fibrates). However, high doses of n-3 PUFA are required for this effect (e.g. 3-4 g/day).
A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY OF PLASMA FISH-OIL LEVELS AND INCIDENCE OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION IN US MALE PHYSICIANS; Objectives. This study evaluated whether increased intake of fish oils (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) might reduce the risk of coronary heart disease.
Chemical characterization and nutritional evaluation of microalgal biomass from large-scale production: a comparative study of five species; Biomass from five microalgal species, Porphyridium cruentum, Isochrysis galbana, Phaeodactylum tricornutum, Tetraselmis suecica and Nannochloropsis gaditana, produced at an industrial plant in outdoor photobioreactors, was studied with the aim to evaluate their suitability to the food and nutraceutical sectors. Microalgal biomass was analyzed for proximates, nonprotein nitrogen, energy, fatty acids, minerals, trace elements and mercury contents. Proximate analyses showed wide differences among microalgal species, in accordance with their different taxonomic position, especially as regards protein (19.6-33.2% dry mass), carbohydrate (15.9-42.2% dry mass) and lipid (5.7-31.1% dry mass) contents. All species proved to be a good source of minerals and trace elements and of polyunsaturated fatty acids (47.4-59.1% of total fatty acids) with varying profiles. N-3 fatty acids were prevalent in P. tricornutum, N. gaditana, I. galbana and T. suecica (32.6-36.4% of total fatty acids), whereas n-6 fatty acids, mainly arachidonic (C20:4) and linoleic (C18:2) acids, were prevalent in P. cruentum (43.3% of total fatty acids). N. gaditana, P. tricornutum, and P. cruentum were rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (36.0, 29.3%, and 15.9% of total fatty acids, respectively), while I. galbana was a good source of stearidonic (C18:4, 12.2% of total fatty acids) and docosahexaenoic (9.0% of total fatty acids) acids, undetectable or present at low levels in the other species. I galbana and T. suecica showed also high percentages of alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3, 12.2%-15.7% of total fatty acids). All microalgae were characterized by good nutrient contents and confirmed to be potentially valuable ingredients for nutritional or nutraceutical purposes.
Fish oil diet associated with acute reperfusion related hemorrhage, and with reduced stroke-related sickness behaviors and motor impairment; Ischemic stroke is associated with motor impairment and increased incidence of affective disorders such as anxiety/clinical depression. In non-stroke populations, successful management of such disorders and symptoms has been reported following diet supplementation with long chain omega-3-polyunsaturated-fatty-acids (PUFAs). However, the potential protective effects of PUFA supplementation on affective behaviors after experimentally induced stroke and sham surgery have not been examined previously. This study investigated the behavioral effects of PUFA supplementation over a 6-week period following either middle cerebral artery occlusion or sham surgery in the hooded-Wistar rat. The PUFA diet supplied during the acclimation period prior to surgery was found to be associated with an increased risk of acute hemorrhage following the reperfusion component of the surgery. In surviving animals, PUFA supplementation did not influence infarct size as determined 6 weeks after surgery, but did decrease omega-6-fatty-acid levels, moderate sickness behaviors, acute motor impairment, and longer-term locomotor hyperactivity and depression/anxiety-like behavior.
Fatty acid composition of habitual omnivore and vegetarian diets; High-fat diets are implicated in the onset of cardiovascular disease (CVD), cancer, and obesity. Large intakes of saturated and trans FA, together with low levels of PUFA, particularly long-chain (LC) omega-3 (n-3) PUFA, appear to have the greatest impact on the development of CVD. A high n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio is also considered a marker of elevated risk of CVD, though little accurate data on dietary intake is available. A new Australian food composition database that reports FA in foods to two decimal places was used to assess intakes of FA in four habitual dietary groups. Analysis using the database found correlations between the dietary intakes of LC n-3 PUFA and the plasma phospholipid LC n-3 PUFA concentrations of omnivore and vegetarian subjects. High meat-eaters (HME), who consumed large amounts of food generally, had significantly higher LC n-3 PUFA intakes (0.29 g/d) than moderate meat-eaters (MME) (0.14 g/d), whose intakes in turn were significantly higher than those of ovolacto-vegetarians or vegans (both 0.01 g/d). The saturated FA intake of MME subjects (typical of adult male Australians) was not different from ovolacto-vegetarian intakes, whereas n-6:n-3 intake ratios in vegetarians were significantly higher than in omnivores. Thus, accurate dietary and plasma FA analyses suggest that regular moderate consumption of meat and fish maintains a plasma FA profile possibly more conducive to good health.
Effects of perilla oil on plasma concentrations of cardioprotective (n-3) fatty acids and lipid profiles in mice; The aim of this study was to examine the effects of perilla oil as well as several vegetable oils, including flaxseed oil, canola oil, and rice bran oil on plasma levels of cardioprotective (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in mice by feeding each vegetable oil for a period of eight weeks. Concentrations of docosapentaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), fish-based (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, showed an increase in the plasma of mice fed perilla and flaxseed oils compared to those of mice in the control group (P< 0.05), whereas rice bran and canola oils did not alter plasma DPA and EPA concentrations. Arachidonic acid concentration was increased by feeding rice bran oil (P< 0.05), but not canola, flaxseed, or perilla oil. In addition, oleic acid, linoleic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid concentrations were altered by feeding dietary rice bran, canola, perilla, and flaxseed oils. Findings of this study showed that perilla oil, similar to flaxseed oil, is cardioprotective and could be used as an alternative to fish oil or even flaxseed oil in animal models.
Effects of 6-month eicosapentaenoic acid treatment on postprandial hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, insulin secretion ability, and concomitant endothelial dysfunction among newly-diagnosed impaired glucose metabolism patients with coronary artery disease. An open label, single blinded, prospective randomized controlled trial; Background: Recent experimental studies have revealed that n-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) regulate postprandial insulin secretion, and correct postprandial glucose and lipid abnormalities. However, the effects of 6-month EPA treatment on postprandial hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, insulin secretion, and concomitant endothelial dysfunction remain unknown in patients with impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) and coronary artery disease (CAD).
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other Lipids: A review; In this exploratory, hypothesis-generating literature review, we evaluated potentially differential effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), and non-HDL-C in published studies of w-3 fatty acid supplementation or prescription w-3 fatty acid ethyl esters. Placebo-adjusted changes in mean lipid parameters were compared in randomized, controlled trials in subjects treated for >= 4 weeks with DHA or EPA. Of 22 studies identified, 6 compared DHA with EPA directly, 12 studied DHA alone (including 14 DHA treated groups), and 4 examined EPA alone. In studies directly comparing EPA with DHA, a net increase in LDL-C of 3.3% was observed with DHA (DHA: +2.6%; EPA: -0.7%). In such head-to-head comparative studies, DHA treatment was associated with a net decrease in TG by 6.8% (DHA: -22.4%; EPA: -15.6%); a net increase in non-HDL-C by 1.7% (DHA: -1.2%; EPA -2.9%); and a net increase in HDL-C by 5.9% (DHA: +7.3%; EPA: +1.4%). Increases in LDL-C were also observed in 71% of DHA-alone groups [with demonstrated statistical significance (P < .05) in 67% (8 of 12) DHA-alone studies] but not in any EPA-alone studies. Changes in LDL-C significantly correlated with baseline TG for DHA-treated groups. The range of HDL-C increases documented in DHA-alone vs EPA-alone studies further supports the fact that HDL-C is increased more substantially by DHA than EPA. In total, these findings suggest that DHA-containing supplements or therapies were associated with more significant increases in LDL-C and HDL-C than were EPA-containing supplements or therapies. Future prospective, randomized trials are warranted to confirm these preliminary findings, determine the potential effects of these fatty acids on other clinical outcomes, and evaluate the generalizability of the data to larger and more heterogeneous patient populations. (C) 2012 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
CHEMICAL AND ALPHA-CHYMOTRYPSIN-MEDIATED PROTEOLYTIC DEGRADATION OF INSULIN IN BILE SALT-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID MIXED MICELLAR SYSTEMS; The proteolytic degradation of porcine zinc insulin by alpha-chymotrypsin was previously found to depend markedly on the state of insulin aggregation (Pharm. Res. 9:864-869, 1992). In this study, the effect of bile salt-unsaturated fatty acid mixed micelles on alpha-chymotryptic degradation of insulin was further characterized. The incorporation of linoleic acid has greatly accelerated insulin degradation with the apparent first order rate constant being linearly related to the concentration of linoleic acid. At a 10 mM linoleic acid concentration solubilized in 10 mM sodium glycocholate, the proteolytic degradation rate constant increased by 16 times, which could not be explained solely by the mechanism of insulin oligomer dissociation. Further, this effect is significantly reduced when the free carboxylic group of linoleic acid is methylated. The catalytic role of mixed micelles on chemical degradation of insulin was found to depend on the concentration of linoleic acid incorporated. When solubilized in the form of mixed micelles, linoleic acid chemically catalyzes peptide bond cleavage in a concentration-dependent manner.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in coronary heart disease: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; PURPOSE: Observational studies have shown an inconsistent association between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the risk of coronary heart disease. We investigated the effects of dietary and nondietary (supplemental) intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on coronary heart disease.
Effect of 2-y n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on cognitive function in older people: a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial; Background: Increased consumption of n-3 (omega-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC PUFAs), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may maintain cognitive function in later life.
Tropical Oil Consumption and Cardiovascular Disease: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta Analyses; The health effects of saturated fat, particularly tropical oil, on cardiovascular disease are unclear. We investigated the effect of tropical oil (palm and coconut oils), lard, and other common vegetable oils (soybean and rice bran oils) that are widely used in tropical and Asian countries on lipid profiles. We performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews. Electronic databases (Medline, Scopus, Embase, and Cochrane) were searched up to December 2018 without language restriction. We identified nine meta-analyses that investigated the effect of dietary oils on lipid levels. Replacement of polyunsaturated fatty-acid-rich oils (PUFAs) and monounsaturated FA-rich oils (MUFAs) with palm oil significantly increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), by 3.43 (0.44-6.41) mg/dL and 9.18 (6.90-11.45) mg/dL, respectively, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), by 1.89 (1.23-2.55) mg/dL and 0.94 (-0.07-1.97) mg/dL, respectively. Replacement of PUFAs with coconut oil significantly increased HDL-c and total cholesterol -by 2.27 (0.93-3.6) mg/dL and 5.88 (0.21-11.55) mg/dL, respectively-but not LDL-c. Substituting lard for MUFAs and PUFAs increased LDL-c-by 8.39 (2.83-13.95) mg/dL and 9.85 (6.06-13.65) mg/dL, respectively-but not HDL-c. Soybean oil substituted for other PUFAs had no effect on lipid levels, while rice bran oil substitution decreased LDL-c. Our findings show the deleterious effect of saturated fats from animal sources on lipid profiles. Replacement of unsaturated plant-derived fats with plant-derived saturated fats slightly increases LDL-c but also increases HDL-c, which in turn may exert a neutral effect on cardiovascular health.
Role of drugs and devices in patients at risk of sudden cardiac death; The search for effective treatment for preventing sudden cardiac death (SCD) initially started with anti-arrhythmic agents in high-risk patients, but the use of randomized controlled trials clearly led to the conclusion that an approach based on anti-arrhythmic agents is not useful, and sometimes potentially harmful (the risk of arrhythmic death was increased up to 159% in CAST study). Today the approach to SCD prevention includes considering both the setting of patients who have already presented a cardiac arrest or a malignant ventricular tachyarrhythmias (secondary preventions of SCD) and the much broader setting of primary prevention in patients at variable degrees of identifiable risk. For secondary prevention of SCD, implantable cardioverter defibrillation is now the standard of care (the risk of overall mortality may be reduced by 20-31%), and anti-arrhythmic agents, specifically amiodarone, have only a complementary role (for reducing device activations or for preventing atrial fibrillation). For primary prevention of SCD in high-risk patients, cardioverter defibrillators have nowadays specific indications in patients with left ventricular dysfunction (often in combination with cardiac resynchronization therapy), where the risk of overall mortality may be reduced by 23-54%. For the large number of subjects who have some risk of SCD, but are not identified as at high risk of SCD, a series of drugs could exert a favorable effect (beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blocker agents, statins, omega-3 fatty acids and aldosterone antagonists), and for some of them evidence is emerging, from subgroup analysis, of possible SCD prevention capabilities.
EFFECT OF LARD, PALM AND RAPESEED OILS LIFE CONSERVATION IN AGED MICE; Effects of lard, palm and rapeseed oil diets on the survival and fatty acid composition of liver and brain lipids were studied in male and female mice for 15 months. Over 80% of mice fed on lard and rapeseed oil (n-3 PUFA sufficient) diets survived to the end of feeding trial, however, 60% of male mice fed on palm oil (n-3 PUFA deficient) diet died before the end. Although a survival curve in female mice fed on palm oil diet was similar to that in male, it was not as dramatic as that of the male. The fatty acid analyses revealed that severe n-3 PUFA deficiency occurred in the mice fed on a palm oil diet. Moreover, the fatty acid was more deficient in the male than in the female. These results suggest that short life in mice may be caused by n-3 PUFA deficiency and, therefore, the fatty acid may be essential in enjoying a long life.
Vitamin D and docosahexaenoic acid inhibit proliferation of the ovarian cancer cell line OVCAR4; Background: Ovarian cancer is one of the deadliest cancers in women. Improved preventative, diagnostic, and therapeutic strategies are needed. Certain dietary patterns and nutrients such as vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids are associated with reduced cancer risk, but their effects on ovarian cancer remain to be fully elucidated, and their combined effects have not been explored. Aim: To determine the individual and combined effects of the active vitamin D metabolite, calcitriol, and the omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid, on cell growth, and the abundance of the vitamin D receptor (VDR), proteins that modulate cell cycle progression, and apoptotic markers. Methods: OVCAR4 cells, a model of ovarian cancer, were treated with calcitriol, and docosahexaenoic acid, either alone or in combination. Effects on cell growth were determined by the sulforhodamine B assay. Changes in VDR, the cell cycle promotor c-Myc, the cell cycle inhibitor p27 and cleaved PARP, were determined by Western blotting. Results: While OVCAR4 cell growth was inhibited by individual treatment with either calcitriol or docosahexaenoic acid, the combined treatment revealed enhanced growth inhibition as compared to either treatment alone. Furthermore, long-term treatment (12 days) yielded stronger growth inhibition at lower concentrations as compared to short-term treatments (3 days). Accompanying this growth inhibition was a decrease in c-Myc, and an increase in p27. Conclusions: The observed reduction in cell growth mediated by calcitriol and docosahexaenoic acid highlights the need for further research utilizing these nutrients, alone and especially in combination, to support ovarian cancer prevention and treatment.
Trans-fatty acid levels in erythrocytes in Europe; High, but not low levels of trans-fatty acids (TFA) in erythrocytes are associated with increased mortality. Current erythrocyte TFA levels in Europe are not known.
Pulmonary hypertension and right ventricular failure in broiler chickens reared at high altitude is affected by dietary source of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids; The present study evaluated the development of pulmonary hypertension and right ventricular failure in broiler chickens reared at high altitude (2100m) as affected by dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acid sources. Flax oil and soy oil were used as sources of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids, respectively, either with or without -tocopheryl acetate. A total of 192 day-old broiler chicks (Ross 308) were used in a completely randomized design using isoenergetic and isonitrogenous experimental diets. Results showed that dietary flax oil significantly (p<0.05) improved feed conversion ratio during 21-42days of age. However, body weight gain did not significantly differ among the experimental groups in entire trial. Birds received flax oil had significantly higher serum concentration of nitric oxide (NO) but they had lower serum concentration of malondialdehyde when compared with their counterparts fed with soy oil. Liver and abdominal fat weights were significantly (p<0.05) reduced by substitution of soy oil for flax oil. The right-to-total ventricle weight ratio (RV/TV) and mortality from pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) were significantly (p<0.05) decreased in birds that received flax oil. In conclusion, n-3 fatty acids could significantly reduce RV:TV and PAH mortality in birds by increasing circulatory level of NO and suppressing hepatic lipogenesis.
Review of recent clinical trials and their impact on the treatment of hypercholesterolemia; Purpose of review: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States with incidence expected to increase in the coming decades. Recent years have produced a variety of new and novel therapeutics aimed at reducing the global burden of cardiovascular disease. This review highlights these recent advancements. Recent findings: In addition to more rigorous therapeutic thresholds for traditional LDL lowering agents such as statins, recent studies have developed new pathways of lipid lowering for both typical cardiovascular disease and complex, genetic lipid disorders. This includes inhibition of the cholesterol synthesis enzyme ATP citrate lyase with bempedoic acid, prevention of PCSK9 mRNA translation with inclisiran, inhibition of the lipoprotein lipase inhibitor angiopoetin like 3 protein with evinacumab and the use of anti-sense oligonucleotides to lower lipoprotein(a) levels. Icosapent ethyl, while remaining a topic of debate and controversy, demonstrates efficacy in cardiovascular risk reduction when all available data are examined. Lastly fibrate therapy continues to produce negative results in terms of cardiovascular disease reduction. Summary: Recent years have yielded breadth and depth to cardiovascular treatments. This expanded armamentarium will allow for more effective and more consistent treatment and prevention of cardiovascular disease.(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fish oils for cardiovascular disease: Impact on diabetes; The increasing prevalence of overweight and obesity has led to an epidemic of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and is likely to be followed by an epidemic of patients with complications of T2DM such as cardiovascular diseases, neuropathy, retinopathy, and nephropathy. Nutritional interventions that incorporate functional foods, such fish oils - in particular n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) - may be a novel strategy to reduce insulin insensitivity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and pro-inflammatory state. The purpose of this article is to examine the impact of fish oil supplementation on blood lipids, glycemic control, blood pressure and inflammation in subjects with T2DM. Overall, the literature suggests that n-3 PUFA supplementation in diet presents many benefits in T2DM management mainly in terms of dyslipidemia; however, the impact of n-3 PUFAs on glucose control, blood pressure, inflammation and oxidations is less definitive. Overall, n-3 PUFA supplementation represents a reasonable therapeutic strategy in individuals with 12DM to decrease the risk of complications. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Blood indices of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids are altered in hyperglycemia; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may favorably influence the risk and clinical course of diabetes mel-litus (DM). In particular, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and arachidonic acid (AA) alleviate oxidative injury and insulin resistance characteristic of DM. Uncertainty still remains, how-ever, as to the composition and proportions of blood PUFAs in relation to fasting blood glucose levels. This study, thus, aims to examine the patterns of blood PUFA indices in normoglycemic (NG) and hyper-glycemic (HG) Saudi subjects. Age, gender, FA profiles, and laboratory records of 143 subjects collected from September 2014 to March 2018 were retrospectively analyzed. Means, prevalence rates, associa-tions, risk measures, and the diagnostic accuracy of PUFAs were determined. HG subjects had signifi-cantly lower AA (0.70%, 95% CI: 0.59-0.80% vs 0.46%, 95% CI: 0.38-0.53%) and higher EPA/AA ratio (0.36, 95% CI: 0.30-0.42 vs 0.69, 95% CI: 0.61-0.77). Gender-wise comparisons revealed that 6-6/6-3 ratio was the only PUFA index significantly elevated in HG males (0.36, 95% CI: 0.26-0.45 vs 5.68, 95% CI: 4.98- 6.38) while both DHA (2.91%, 95% CI: 2.54-3.29% vs 3.37%, 95% CI: 3.13-3.60%) and 6-3 index (3.1%, 95% CI: 2.70-3.49% vs 3.63%, 95% CI: 3.38-3.88%) were significantly elevated in HG females. Furthermore, reduced AA and elevated EPA/AA ratio were more prevalent in HG subjects (26.53 vs 28.72 and 30.61 vs 38.29, respectively) and exhibited the highest diagnostic accuracy for HG among all PUFA indices. Altogether, our study revealed that distinct, gender-specific blood PUFA indices are differentially regu-lated in HG subjects which may be valuable for DM management.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Dietary fatty acids and CHD: from specific recommendations to dietary patterns; Several countries have issued dietary recommendations about total and specific fatty acid (FA) intake for the prevention of CHD. For many years until today, controversies have existed especially about the deleterious effect or not of SFA, and the protective effect or not of n-3 PUFA, so that some authors have criticised these recommendations. There are many reasons for these controversies, including the different conclusions of prospective cohort studies compared with randomised clinical trials (RCT), and the contradictory conclusions of meta-analyses depending on the quality, number and type of studies included. The interrelationships between different FA in the diet make it difficult to analyse the specific effect of a particular class of FA on CHD. Furthermore, based on clinical practice and effectiveness of population-based prevention, it is very difficult at the individual level to assess in personal dietary intake the actual percentage and/or amount of SFA contained in each meal or consumed daily/weekly. In this critical narrative review, we try to answer the question of whether it would not be more relevant, in 2020, to promote dietary patterns, rather than FA intake recommendations. We critically analyse past and recent data on the association of FA with CHD, then propose that the Mediterranean diet and Japanese diet should be revitalised for Westerners and Asian populations, respectively. This does not exclude the usefulness of continuing research about effects of FA towards CHD, and accepting that what seems true today might be revised, at least partially tomorrow.
'Protective nutrients' and up-to-date dietary recommendations; In the past, dietary recommendations were focused on reductions in the consumption of foods and nutrients deemed bad for health, such as saturated fat, dietary cholesterol and salt. In more recent years, an increased consumption of foods and nutrients deemed good for health has also been emphasized, e.g., increased consumption of vegetables, fruits, legumes, fish, dietary fibre and polyunsaturated fatty acids. Another major development has been the change from dietary recommendations for specific diseases, such as coronary heart disease and diabetes, to integrated, comprehensive dietary recommendations for chronic diseases and health in general. A healthy diet forms an important component of a healthy lifestyle. This also includes advice not to smoke and to be physically active for at least 30 min each day. Such a lifestyle prevents coronary heart disease and is important for both primary and secondary prevention.
New Guidelines for Statistical Reporting in the <i>Journal</i>; Some Journal readers may have noticed more parsimonious reporting of P values in our research articles over the past year. For example, in November 2018, we published two reports from the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL),(1,2) a two-by-two factorial, placebo-controlled, randomized trial assessing whether vitamin D or marine n-3 (also known as omega-3) fatty acids prevent cardiovascular disease or cancer. For the n-3 portion of the trial, Manson et al.(2) reported 2 prespecified primary outcomes and 22 prespecified and other secondary outcomes - not uncommon in large, expensive randomized or observational studies. The n-3 fatty acids did not significantly . . .
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and status during pregnancy, lactation, and early childhood on cardiometabolic health: A systematic review; The importance of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake in fetal life and infancy has been widely studied in relation to child cognitive and visual development, but whether early life PUPA exposure is related to cardiometabolic risk factors is unclear. The focus of this systematic review was to evaluate the effects of PUFA dietary intake and blood levels during pregnancy, lactation, or early childhood (<= 5 y) on obesity. blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin sensitivity. We identified 4302 abstracts in the databases Embase. Medline and Cochrane Central (April 2014), of which 56 articles, reporting on 45 unique studies, met all selection criteria. Many of the included studies focused on obesity as an outcome (33 studies), whereas studies on insulin sensitivity were relatively scarce (6 studies). Overall, results for obesity, blood pressure, and blood lipids were inconsistent, with a few studies reporting effects in opposite directions and other studies that did not observe any effects of PUFAs on these outcomes. Four studies suggested beneficial effects of PUFAs on insulin sensitivity. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support a beneficial effect of PUFAs in fetal life or early childhood on obesity, blood pressure, or blood lipids. More research is needed to investigate the potential favorable effects of PUFAs on insulin sensitivity, and to examine the role of specific fatty acids in early life on later cardiometabolic health. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
γ-Linolenic acid in maternal milk drives cardiac metabolic maturation; Birth presents a metabolic challenge to cardiomyocytes as they reshape fuel preference from glucose to fatty acids for postnatal energy production(1,2). This adaptation is triggered in part by post-partum environmental changes(3), but the molecules orchestrating cardiomyocyte maturation remain unknown. Here we show that this transition is coordinated by maternally supplied ?-linolenic acid (GLA), an 18:3 omega-6 fatty acid enriched in the maternal milk. GLA binds and activates retinoid X receptors(4) (RXRs), ligand-regulated transcription factors that are expressed in cardiomyocytes from embryonic stages. Multifaceted genome-wide analysis revealed that the lack of RXR in embryonic cardiomyocytes caused an aberrant chromatin landscape that prevented the induction of an RXR-dependent gene expression signature controlling mitochondrial fatty acid homeostasis. The ensuing defective metabolic transition featured blunted mitochondrial lipid-derived energy production and enhanced glucose consumption, leading to perinatal cardiac dysfunction and death. Finally, GLA supplementation induced RXR-dependent expression of the mitochondrial fatty acid homeostasis signature in cardiomyocytes, both in vitro and in vivo. Thus, our study identifies the GLA-RXR axis as a key transcriptional regulatory mechanism underlying the maternal control of perinatal cardiac metabolism.
Reassessing the Effects of Dietary Fat on Cardiovascular Disease in China: A Review of the Last Three Decades; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of global mortality, and is considered one of diseases with the most rapid growth rate in China. Numerous studies have indicated a closed relationship between an increased incidence of CVD and dietary factors. Dietary fat is one of the three primary nutrients of consumption; however, high fat dietary in causing CVD has been neglected in some official dietary guidelines. Our present review has analyzed the relationship between dietary fat consumption and CVD in China over the past 30 years (from 1990 to 2019). There is a significant correlation between CVD incidence and mortality for consumption of both vegetable oils and animal fats, per capita consumption, and the relative weight of dietary fat exceeding that of other food ingredients (e.g., salt, fruit, and marine food). For fatty acid species, the proportion of omega 6 fatty acid consumption increased, causing a significant increase in the ratios of omega 6/omega 3 fatty acids, whereas the proportion of monounsaturated fatty acid consumption decreased. Such changes have been considered a characteristic of dietary fat consumption in Chinese residents over the past 30 years, and are closely related to the incidence of CVD. Therefore, we suggest that the government should spread awareness regarding the consumption of dietary fat intake to prevent CVD and related health disorders. The public should be educated to avoid high fat diet and increase the intake of monounsaturated fatty acids and omega 3 fatty acids.
Increasing DHA and EPA Concentrations Prolong Action Potential Durations and Reduce Transient Outward Potassium Currents in Rat Ventricular Myocytes; The goal of this study was to determine the mechanisms of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on anti-arrhythmias and prevention of sudden death. The calcium-tolerant Sprague-Dawley rat ventricular myocytes were isolated by enzyme digestion. Effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on action potentials and transient outward potassium currents (I (to)) of epicardial ventricular myocytes were investigated using whole-cell patch clamp techniques. Action potential durations (APDs) and I (to) were observed in different concentrations of DHA and EPA. APD(25), APD(50), and APD(90) with 0.1 mu mol/L DHA and EPA were prolonged less than 15% and 10%. However, APDs were prolonged in concentration-dependent manners when DHA and EPA were more than 1 mu mol/L. APD(25), APD(50), and APD(90) were 7.7 +/- A 2.0, 21.2 +/- A 3.5, and 100.1 +/- A 9.8 ms respectively with 10 mu mol/L DHA, and 7.2 +/- A 2.5, 12.8 +/- A 4.2, and 70.5 +/- A 10.7 ms respectively with 10 mu mol/L EPA. I (to) currents were gradually reduced with the increased concentrations of DHA and EPA from 1 to 100 mu mol/L, and their half-inhibited concentrations were 2.3 +/- A 0.2 and 3.8 +/- A 0.6 mu mol/L. The results showed APDs were prolonged and I (to) current densities were gradually reduced with the increased concentrations of DHA and EPA. The anti-arrhythmia mechanisms of n-3 PUFA are complex, however, the effects of n-3 PUFA on action potentials and I (to) may be one of the important mechanisms.
Effects of n-3 fatty acid, fructose-1,6-diphosphate and glutamine on mucosal cell proliferation and apoptosis of small bowel graft after transplantation in rats; AIM: To evaluate the effects of n-3 fatty acids (n-3FA), fructose-1,6-diphosphate (FDP) and glutamine (GLN) on mucosal cell proliferation and apoptosis of small bowel graft.
Multiple Health Benefits and Minimal Risks Associated with Vegetarian Diets; Purpose of Review Understand the current prevalence, health benefits, and health risks of vegetarian diets.
Vitamin D and the heart: Why we need large-scale clinical trials; Although vitamin D supplementation appears to be a promising intervention for reducing risks of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic diseases, existing evidence on its benefits and risks is limited and inconclusive. Recruitment is now under way for the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL), the first large-scale randomized clinical trial of these nutritional agents for the primary prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Fish for a healthy heart; Today it is generally accepted that diet has to be implemented into the strategies for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, in particular coronary artery disease. Possible cardioprotective mechanisms of a prudent nutrition include beneficial effects on lipid profile, oxidative stress, thromboembolic events and suppression of arrhythmias as well as sudden death. Common to all diets recommended by professional organisations, like the American Heart Association or the European Society of Cardiology, the replacement of saturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids is regarded as a key feature.
Placing the Outcome Reduction with an Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN) trial in context; The results of the Outcome Reduction with an Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN) trial were presented at the American Diabetes Association meeting in June 2012. The purpose of this study was to assess whether there would be any reduction in cardiovascular (CV) events if insulin glargine was started early in the course of diabetes. Therefore, the selected patients were those who were at high risk of CV events, but with impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance or recent onset of type 2 diabetes. After 6.5 years, no differences were seen in primary outcomes, namely CV death, myocardial infarction, stroke, revascularisation procedures or hospitalisation for heart failure. However, the early institution of insulin therapy using glargine was found to be an effective means of maintaining glycaemic control in this patient group. As expected, patients on glargine insulin experienced slightly increased rates of both non-severe and severe hypoglycaemia, and slight weight gain. Neither of these problems was considered to be a limiting factor in the early use of glargine insulin. A second arm of the study was designed to assess the role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of CV events. The results of this arm showed no benefit and do not support the use of omega-3 fatty acids as prophylactic therapy in these patients. While the ORIGIN trial is unlikely to alter clinical practice regarding the treatment of either dysglycaemia or new-onset diabetes, it has demonstrated that glargine insulin is relatively safe when used early in diabetes and can maintain near-normal glycaemic control for over six years, without increased cancer risk and with a neutral effect on CV outcomes.
DHA 12-LOX-derived oxylipins regulate platelet activation and thrombus formation through a PKA-dependent signaling pathway; Background The effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on cardiovascular disease are controversial and a mechanistic understanding of how this omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) regulates platelet reactivity and the subsequent risk of a thrombotic event is warranted. In platelets, DHA is oxidized by 12-lipoxygenase (12-LOX) producing the oxidized lipids (oxylipins) 11-HDHA and 14-HDHA. We hypothesized that 12-LOX DHA-oxylipins may be involved in the beneficial effects observed in dietary supplemental treatment with omega-3 PUFAs or DHA itself.
Stearidonic Acid Raises Red Blood Cell Membrane Eicosapentaenoic Acid; The consumption of EPA and DHA has been associated with reduced risk for cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. Mean intakes of EPA and DHA in the United States and elsewhere are below levels recommended by health authorities. The main non-marine source of dietary (n-3) fatty acids (a-linolenic acid) is poorly converted to EPA in humans. Stearidonic acid (SDA) is a non-marine fatty acid that appears to be more readily converted to EPA in humans. Results from previous studies suggested that SDA, relative to EPA, increases RBC EPA, with reported efficiencies ranging from similar to 16 to 30%. A recently published, randomized, single-blind, controlled, parallel group study in healthy men and women characterized the relationships between intakes of SDA and EPA and EPA enrichment of RBC membranes over a 12-wk period. %EPA in RBC membranes was greater after EPA (0.44, 1.3, or 2.7 g/d, respectively) and SDA (1.3, 2.6, or 5.2 g/d, respectively) consumption compared to a safflower control (all P < 0.02). Based on quadratic response surface models, for EPA intakes of 0.25, 0.50, and 0.89 g/d, SDA intakes of 0.61, 1.89, and 5.32 g/d, respectively, would be required to produce equivalent values for RBC EPA, translating to relative efficiencies of 41.0, 26.5, and 16.7%. Thus, dietary SDA over a range of intakes increases RBC% EPA, with declining relative efficiency as SDA intake increases. J. Nutr. 142: 626S-629S, 2012.
Nutrients and Chemical Pollutants in Fish and Shellfish. Balancing Health Benefits and Risks of Regular Fish Consumption; Dietary patterns and lifestyle factors are clearly associated with at least five of the ten leading causes of death, including coronary heart disease, certain types of cancer, stroke, non-insulin insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and atherosclerosis. Concerning specifically fish and seafood consumption, its beneficial health effects in humans are clearly supported by an important number of studies performed in the last 30years. These studies have repeatedly linked fish consumption, especially those species whose contents in omega-3 fatty acids are high, with healthier hearts in the aging population. The nutritional benefits of fish and seafood are also due to the content of high-quality protein, vitamins, as well as other essential nutrients. However, a number of studies, particularly investigations performed in recent years, have shown that the unavoidable presence of environmental contaminants in fish and shellfish can also mean a certain risk for the health of some consumers. While prestigious international associations as the American Heart Association have recommended eating fish at least two times (two servings a week), based on our own experimental results, as well as in results from other laboratories, we cannot be in total agreement with that recommendation. Although a regular consumption of most fish and shellfish species should not mean adverse health effects for the consumers, the specific fish and shellfish species consumed, the frequency of consumption, as well as the meal size, are essential issues for adequately balancing the health benefits and risks of regular fish consumption.
Eicosapentaenoic acid reduces ischemic ventricular fibrillation via altering monophasic action potential in pigs; Although high intake of n-3 fatty acids is associated with reduced mortality of patients with ischemic heart disease, especially reduction in sudden cardiac death (SCD), the detailed mechanisms remain to be elucidated. Thus, the present study was designed to examine whether long-term treatment with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a major component of n-3 fatty acids, reduces ischemia-induced ventricular fibrillation (VF) in pigs in vivo, and if so, what molecular mechanisms are involved. Male pigs were treated with either a control chow (control group) or a control chow plus EPA (600 mg/kg/day, PO, EPA group) for 3 weeks and were subjected to myocardial ischemia for 90 min (n = 8 each) with measurement of the monophasic action potential (MAP), as a marker of ventricular electrophysiological activities. The EPA treatment significantly attenuated the occurrence of VF (control 5.1 +/- 1.7 vs. EPA 1.5 +/- 0.8 times/animal, P < 0.05) and markedly reduced the mortality (control 50% vs. EPA 0%, P < 0.05), with the attenuation of MAP duration shortening during ischemia (control -28.1 +/- 3.0% vs. EPA -18.2 +/- 1.4%, P < 0.05). These beneficial effects of EPA were abolished by pretreatment with cromakalim, a K-ATP channel opener (0.3 mu g/kg/min, IC). Furthermore, EPA significantly inhibited the mRNA and protein expression of Kir6.2, a major component of sarcolemmal K-ATP channels, in both the ischemic region and non-ischemic regions. These results indicate that long-term treatment with EPA reduces ischemia-induced VF and SCD in pigs in vivo, for which attenuation of MAP duration shortening may be involved. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
<i>Salvia hispanica</i> L. Seed Oil: Effect on Cell Viability in Colon Cancer Line Caco2 and Breast Cancer Line MCF7; Cancer is one of the main causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide, which does not have a fully effective medical treatment. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of lipidically characterized and hydrolyzed chia seed (Salvia hispanica L.) oil on in vitro colon cancer (Caco2 cell line) and breast cancer cells (MCF7 cell line) cell viability. Cancer cells were treated with different hydrolyzed oil concentrations (12.5-400 mu g/mL) for 48 h; then cell viability was assessed using the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl-tetrazolium bromide assay. All chia seed oil concentrations significantly reduced cell viability in the Caco2 line, with the best reduction being 23.88% with the 25 mu g/mL concentration. However, in the breast cancer line the highest concentrations (200 and 400 mu g/mL) increased the viability of malignant cells. Chia seed oil significantly reduces the viability of Caco2 cells, although at the higher concentrations it can increase the viability of breast cancer cells.
Nutrition and stroke; Stroke is one of the leading causes of death and certainly the major cause of disability in the world. WHO has estimated that between 1990 to 2020 the world will witness an increase in stroke mortality of 78% in woman and 106% in man. Much of this increase will be in developing countries which are witnessing rapid change in lifestyle and nutrition, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, smoking, atrial fibrillation, hyperlipidemia, Homocysteinemia, and alcohol are the most significant modifiable risk factors of stroke. Of these, hypertension, diabetes, smoking, hyperlipidemia, homocysteinemia and alcoholism are obviously affected by lifestyle and nutrition. However, whilst epidemiology studies have noted an association of nutritional practice with stroke risk, further research is needed to show how nutritional interventions can be effective in stroke prevention.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review; Background: Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer-related mortality in both genders. More than 80% of patients suffer from significant weight loss at diagnosis and over time develop severe cachexia. Early nutritional support is therefore essential. Summary: This review evaluates the different nutritional therapies, such as enteral nutrition, parenteral nutrition and special nutritional supplements, on nutritional status, quality of life and survival. Key Message: Due to the high prevalence of malnutrition and the rapid development of anorexia-cachexia-syndrome, early nutritional intervention is crucial and supported by clinical data. Practical Implications: Enteral nutrition should be preferred over parenteral nutrition. Omega-3 fatty acids and L-carnitine are promising substances for the prevention of severe cachexia, but further randomized controlled trials are needed to establish generally accepted guidelines on nutrition in pancreatic cancer. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Managing nutritional support in thoracic oncology; Introduction. - Cancer treatments are based on specific anticancer chemotherapy. However, there is increasing interest in general aspects of care, which are increasingly evidence based.
Role of serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the development of acute coronary syndromes; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have an inhibitory effect on the development of coronary artery disease (CAD). However, whether n-6 PUFAs, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA) play a role in the development of CAD remains unclear. This study investigated the association between PUFAs and the risk of developing acute coronary syndrome (ACS) using the lipid and PUFAs data of patients who received percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for either non-emergent conditions (staged group) or ACS (ACS group). We retrospectively evaluated 433 patients who underwent PCI between 2014 and 2021. The patients were divided into the ACS group (n = 18) and the staged group (n = 132). The lipid and PUFA values of each patient between the two groups were compared. Moreover, to investigate the correlation between n-6 PUFA levels and ACS, the effects of confounding factors such as the use of strong statins and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels were adjusted. The ACS group had higher n-6 PUFAs levels than the staged group (DGLA: 36.8 mu g/mL vs 29.6 mu g/mL; AA: 203.3 mu g/mL vs 145.8 mu g/mL). Furthermore, the analysis of covariance adjusted for LDL-C levels showed a significant difference between the two groups in terms of DGLA and AA levels. The n-3 PUFA levels did not significantly differ between the staged and ACS groups. Moreover, the ACS group had higher DGLA and AA levels and lower n-3 PUFAs/AA ratios than the staged group. Therefore, excess n-6 PUFAs may be a risk factor for ACS.
Elevated resting heart rate is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease in healthy men and women; Background Elevated resting heart rate (RHR) is known to be associated with reduced survival but inconsistencies remain, including lack of significance in most studies of healthy women, lack of independence from systolic blood pressure (SBP) in some, and the suggestion that RHR is merely functioning as a marker of physical inactivity or other comorbidities. We aimed to clarify these inconsistencies.
Polymer Conjugation of Docosahexaenoic Acid Potentiates Cardioprotective Therapy in Preclinical Models of Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury; While coronary angioplasty represents an effective treatment option following acute myocardial infarction, the reperfusion of the occluded coronary artery can prompt ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury that significantly impacts patient outcomes. As omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have proven, yet limited cardioprotective abilities, an optimized polymer-conjugation approach is reported that improves PUFAs bioavailability to enhance cardioprotection and recovery in animal models of I/R-induced injury. Poly-l-glutamic acid (PGA) conjugation improves the solubility and stability of di-docosahexaenoic acid (diDHA) under physiological conditions and protects rat neonatal ventricular myocytes from I/R injury by reducing apoptosis, attenuating autophagy, inhibiting reactive oxygen species generation, and restoring mitochondrial membrane potential. Enhanced protective abilities are associated with optimized diDHA loading and evidence is provided for the inherent cardioprotective potential of PGA itself. Pretreatment with PGA-diDHA before reperfusion in a small animal I/R model provides for cardioprotection and limits area at risk (AAR). Furthermore, the preliminary findings suggest that PGA-diDHA administration in a swine I/R model may provide cardioprotection, limit edema and decrease AAR. Overall, the evaluation of PGA-diDHA in relevant preclinical models provides evidence for the potential of polymer-conjugated PUFAs in the mitigation of I/R injury associated with coronary angioplasty.
New Insights into the Role of Nutrition in CVD Prevention; Nutrition plays an increasingly significant role in lifestyle strategies for cardiovascular prevention. Foods and dietary patterns that encompass specific foods and beverages and their combinations, with synergies among their components, are the subject of much epidemiologic and clinical research in relation to health issues, including cardiovascular disease. Foods with the highest evidence for beneficial effects on cardiovascular outcomes (mainly fatal and nonfatal coronary artery disease and stroke) and intermediate risk markers (principally cholesterol and blood pressure) are fruits and vegetables, legumes, nuts, whole grains, dairy products, fish, and alcohol consumed in moderation. Epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence on cardiovascular health issues is reviewed for these foods and for the dietary pattern with the highest probability of a causal link with cardiovascular protection, namely the Mediterranean diet. When pertinent, mechanisms of protection derived from specific nutrients in foods are also examined. The explosion of knowledge in cardioprotective foods and diets needs to be translated to the public, as dietary quality is still far from optimal in large segments of the population.
Metabolomic Analysis of the Ameliorative Effect of Enhanced Proline Metabolism on Hypoxia-Induced Injury in Cardiomyocytes; Background. Coronary heart disease is currently the leading cause of death in humans. Its poor prognosis and high mortality are associated with myocardial ischemia, which leads to metabolic disorder-related cardiomyocyte apoptosis and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. Previous cardiovascular metabolomics studies in humans and mice have shown that proline metabolism is severely altered after cardiomyocyte hypoxia. Proline dehydrogenase (PRODH) is located on the inner mitochondrial membrane and is an enzyme that catalyzes the first step of proline catabolism, which plays an important role in improving the cellular redox state. In vitro oxygen-glucose deprivation can mimic in vivo myocardial ischemic injury. This study is aimed at investigating whether enhancing proline metabolism by overexpressing PRODH can ameliorate hypoxia-induced injury in cardiomyocytes and to reveal the related altered metabolites and mechanistic pathway via untargeted metabolomics analysis. Methods and Results. First, through public database analysis and RT-qPCR and western blot analyses in a cardiomyocyte hypoxia model, we found that the expression of the proline-degrading enzyme PRODH was downregulated after myocardial infarction and hypoxia exposure. Second, LDH assays, terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL), DHE staining, flow cytometric apoptosis analysis with DCFH and Annexin V-FITC/PI, and western blot analysis were used to assess the injury level in cardiomyocytes. Enhanced proline metabolism induced by PRODH overexpression reduced the levels of reactive oxidative stress and apoptosis, whereas PRODH knockdown had the opposite effects. Third, untargeted metabolomics analysis revealed that the protective effect was associated with significant changes in metabolism linked to sphingolipid signaling pathways, unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis, phosphocreatine, glutathione disulfide, aminoacyl-tRNA biosynthesis, and ABC transporters. Conclusions. Our study demonstrated a protective effect of enhanced proline metabolism in cardiomyocytes under hypoxia, providing a novel strategy for exploring new treatments for coronary heart disease.
Nutrition and abdominal aortic aneurysms; ZusammenfassungFragestellungZiel dieser ubersicht ist es, den aktuellen Wissensstand zu Ernahrung und Ernahrungsinterventionen bei der Risikopopulation der Patienten mit Bauchaortenaneurysma (AAA) zu referieren.Material und MethodenLiteraturrecherche in Medline (PubMed) unter den Schlusselwortern abdominal aortic aneurysm (title/abstract) AND nutrition fur Publikationen der letzten 10Jahre.ErgebnissePatienten mit AAA wird dringend der DASH-Ernahrungsplan (hoher Konsum an Obst, Gemuse, Vollkorn, fettarmen Milchprodukten, Nussen und Hulsenfruchten) empfohlen, in der ARIC-Studie lie ss sich so eindeutig die Inzidenz an AAA reduzieren. Der von der WHO empfohlene Konsum von 400g Obst und Gemuse/Tag war in populationsbezogenen Kohortenstudien eindeutig mit einer geringeren AAA-Inzidenz assoziiert. Auch wenn Alkoholkonsum grundsatzlich nicht empfohlen werden sollte, so ist doch wahrscheinlich ein ma ss iger Konsum von maximal 15-20g Alkohol taglich mit einer erniedrigten AAA-Inzidenz assoziiert. Der Wert einer Omega-3-Fettsauren-reichen Ernahrung ist umstritten, jedoch ist es umgekehrt wichtig, bei AAA-Patienten hohe Serumspiegel von Omega-6-Fettsauren (Arachidonsaure) zu vermeiden. Obwohl in der Aortenwand bei AAA-Patienten eine uberschussige Produktion von freien Sauerstoffradikalen nachgewiesen werden konnte, hatte in den vorliegenden Studien die Supplementierung der Ernahrung mit synthetischen Antioxidanzien (wie z.B. VitaminC oder Carotinoide) keinen Effekt auf die AAA-Inzidenz oder Wachstumsrate.SchlussfolgerungenVor allem bei offener Versorgung des AAA (aber auch in geringerem Ma ss e bei EVAR) fuhrt eine Mangelernahrung des Patienten zu einer signifikant hoheren Morbiditat und Mortalitat. Bei Patienten mit elektiver AAA-Versorgung sollte deshalb praoperativ der Serumalbuminspiegel bestimmt und bei Hypalbuminamie (als einem Marker der Mangelernahrung) eine praoperative Ernahrungsintervention eingeleitet werden. AbstractObjectivesThe purpose of this review is to present the current state of nutrition and nutritional interventions in the risk population of patients with an abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA).Materials and methodsLiterature search in Medline (PubMed) under the keywords abdominal aortic aneurysm (title/abstract) AND nutrition for publications over the last 10years.ResultsPatients with AAA are strongly recommended to use the DASH nutrition plan (high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grain, low-fat dairy products, nuts and legumes), which clearly reduced the incidence of AAA in the ARIC study. The consumption of 400g of fruits and vegetables/day as recommended by the WHO was clearly associated with alower AAA incidence in population-based cohort studies. Alcohol consumption should generally not be recommended; nevertheless, amoderate intake of amaximum of 15-20g alcohol/day is probably associated with areduced AAA incidence. The value of an omega-3 fatty acid-rich diet is controversial but conversely it is important to avoid high serum levels of omega-6 fatty acids (arachidonic acid) in AAA patients. Although an excess free oxygen radical production could be demonstrated in the aortic wall of AAA patients, diet supplementation with synthetic antioxidants (such as vitaminC or carotenoids) had no effect on AAA incidence or growth rate in the present studies.ConclusionsPatients with malnutrition have asignificantly higher morbidity and mortality especially with open aneurysm repair of the AAA and also to alesser extent with endovascular repair.
High fat / high cholesterol diet does not provoke atherosclerosis in the ω3-and ω6-polyunsaturated fatty acid synthesis-inactivated Δ6-fatty acid desaturase-deficient mouse; Objective: An increased w6/w3-polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio in the current Western diet is regarded as a critical epigenetic nutritional factor in the pathogenesis of several human lifestyle diseases, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, the central nervous system and the female and male reproductive systems. The impact of nutrient w3-and w6-PUFAs in the pathogenesis of dyslipoproteinemia and atherosclerosis has been a topic of intense efforts for several decades. Cellular homeostasis of the w3-and w6-PUFA pool is maintained by the synthesis of w3-and w6-PUFAs from essential fatty acids (EFA) (linoleic and a-linolenic acid) and their dietary supply. In this study, we used the auxotrophic A6-fatty acid desaturase-(FADS2) deficient mouse (fads2-/-), an unbiased model congenial for stringent feeding experiments, to investigate the molecular basis of the proposed protective role of dietary w3-and w6-PUFAs (Western diet) in the pathogenesis of multifactorial dyslipoproteinemia and atherosclerosis. We focused on the metabolic axisdliver endoplasmic reticulum (ER), serum lipoprotein system (Lp) and aorta vessel wall. Furthermore, we addressed the impact of the inactivated fads2-locus with inactivated PUFA synthesis on the development and progression of extended atherosclerosis in two different mouse mutants with disrupted cholesterol homeostasis, using the apoe-/-and ldlr-/-mutants and the fads2-/-x apoe-/-and fads2-/-x ldlr-/-double mutants. Methods: Cohorts of +/+ and fads2-/-mice underwent two long-term dietary regimens: a) a PUFA-free standard chow diet containing only EFAs, essential for viability, and b) a high fat/high cholesterol (HFHC) diet, a mimicry of the human atherogenic "Western" diet. c) To study the molecular impact of PUFA synthesis deficiency on the development and progression of atherosclerosis in the hypercholesterolemic apoe-/-and ldlr-/-mouse models fed PUFA-free regular and sustained HFHC diets, we generated the fads2-/-x apoe-/-and the fads2-/-x ldlr-/-double knockout mutants. We assessed essential molecular, biochemical and cell biological links between the diet-induced modified lipidomes of the membrane systems of the endoplasmic reticulum/Golgi complex, the site of lipid synthesis, the PL monolayer and neutral lipid core of LD and serum-Lp profiles and cellular reactions in the aortic wall. Results: w3-and w6-PUFA synthesis deficiency in the fads2-/-mouse causes a) hypocholesterolemia and hypotriglyceridemia, b) dyslipoproteinemia with a shift of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) to very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL)-enriched Lp-pattern and c) altered liver lipid droplet structures. d) Long-term HFHC diet does not trigger atherosclerotic plaque formation in the aortic arc, the thoracic and abdominal aorta of PUFA-deficient fads2-/-mice. Inactivation of the fads2-/-locus, abolishing systemic PUFA synthesis in the fads2-/-x apoe-/-and fads2-/-x ldlr-/-double knockout mouse lines. Conclusions: Deficiency of w3-and w6-PUFA in the fads2-/-mutant perturbs liver lipid metabolism, causes hypocholesterolemia and hypotriglyceridemia and renders the fads2-/-mutant resistant to sustained atherogenic HFHC diet. Neither PUFA-free regular nor long-term HFHC-diet impacts the apoe- and LDL-receptor deficiencyeprovoked hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerotic plaque formation, size and distribution in the aorta. Our study strongly suggests that the absence of PUFAs as highly vulnerable chemical targets of autoxidation attenuates inflammatory responses and the formation of atherosclerotic lesions.
Pharmacological nutrition after burn injury; Burn patients develop pathophysiological alterations, which include extensive nitrogen loss, malnutrition, markedly increased metabolic rate and immunologic deficiency. This predisposes burn patients to frequent infections, poor wound healing, increased length of hospitalization and increased mortality. The nutritional support requires high protein and high energy diets preferably administered enterally soon after injury. The effects of increased dietary components such as glutamine, arginine and (n-3) fatty acids and related compounds have been evaluated in burn victims. These components, when supplied in quantities two to seven times of those in normal diets of healthy persons, appear to have beneficial pharmacological effects on the pathophysiological alterations associated with burns. However, the efficacy of immune-enhancing diets remains to be convincingly shown.
Comparison of Effects of Serum n-3 to n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Ratios on Coronary Atherosclerosis in Patients Treated With Pitavastatin or Pravastatin Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; A low n-3 to n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUPA) ratio is associated with cardiovascular events. However, the effects of this ratio on coronary atherosclerosis have not been fully examined, particularly in patients treated with different types of statins. This study compared the effects of n-3 to n-6 PUFA ratios on coronary atherosclerosis in patients treated with pitavastatin and pravastatin. Coronary atherosclerosis in nonculprit lesions in the percutaneous coronary intervention vessel was evaluated using virtual histology intravascular ultrasound in 101 patients at the time of percutaneous coronary intervention and 8 months after statin therapy. Pitavastatin and pravastatin were used to treat 51 and 50 patients, respectively. Changes in the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/arachidonic acid (AA) and eicosapentaenoic acid + DHA/AA ratios were not correlated with the percentage change in plaque volume in the pitavastatin group, whereas the percentage change in plaque volume and the changes in the DHA/AA ratio (r = -0.404, p = 0.004) and eicosapentaenoic acid + DHA/AA ratio (r = -0.350, p = 0.01) in the pravastatin group showed significant negative correlations. Multivariate regression analysis showed that age (beta = 0.306, p = 0.02), the presence of diabetes mellitus (beta = 0.250, p = 0.048), and changes in the DHA/AA ratio (beta = -0.423, p = 0.001) were significant predictors of the percentage change in plaque volume in. patients treated with pravastatin. In conclusion, decreases in n-3 to n-6 PUPA ratios are associated with progression in coronary atherosclerosis during pravastatin therapy but not during pitavastatin therapy. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary fish oil suppresses tumor growth and metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in mice; In this study we examined the influence of different polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) diets on the tumor growth and metastatic dissemination of the well-characterized Lewis Lung Carcinoma (3LL) in C57BL/6J mice. The tumor-bearing mice were fed ad libitum with three different diets of 5% oil; either soybean oil (SO), which is rich in omega-6 (omega-6); perilla oil (PO), which is rich in omega-3 (omega-3) 18;3; and fish oil (FO), which is rich in omega-3, 20:5 and 22:6 PUFA. A significantly slower growth of primary tumor, lower mortality rate, and lower metastatic spread were observed in mice fed FO. This trend was also observed in mice fed first with SO and after tumor inoculation transferred to the FO diet. Indomethacin reduced significantly the metastasis growth in the SO-fed group, and exerted only a small effect in the FO and PO fed counterparts, suggesting that eicosanoid derivatives of omega-6 fatty acids support the process of tumor growth. In addition, the long chain PUFA of fish oil, which are sensitive to oxidation, could act as targets for membrane perforation and eventual elimination of the proliferating tumor cells. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1997.
The ratio of serum eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid and risk of cancer death in a Japanese community: The Hisayama Study; Background: Whether the intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or arachidonic acid (AA) affects the risk of cancer remains unclear, and the association between the serum EPA:AA ratio and cancer risk has not been fully evaluated in general populations.
Antiarrhythmic fatty acids and antioxidants in animal and cell studies; From the animal and cellular studies that will be discussed in this review, it is apparent that dietary fatty acids and antioxidants play an important role in influencing the development of ventricular tachycardia and potentially lethal ventricular fibrillation. It is this latter disturbance to the rhythmic beating of the heart that is responsible for much of the mortality from coronary heart disease. It is now recognized that diets high in certain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and diets containing antioxidants can afford considerable protection to the heart with regard to the generation of disorders of contractile rhythmicity, The mechanism by which such dietary components confer their cardioprotective effects are now being intensively investigated, particularly with respect to their possible effects on the molecular mechanisms underlying the excitation-contraction coupling process of the myocardial cell. This overview will cover recent studies that have focused on the antiarrhythmic role of PUFAs, particularly those of the n-3 (or omega 3) class with emphasis on experiments performed using laboratory animals, isolated heart preparations, and isolated heart cells (cardiomyocytes). The role of free radicals (reactive oxygen species) and antioxidants in disorders of cardiac rhythm also will be addressed within the perspective of reperfusion injury to the myocardium following ischemia. Emphasis will be placed on the cardioprotective role of nutritional factors and components and the possible cellular mechanisms by which such components may act. (J. Nutr. Biochem. 10:252-267, 1999) (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1999. All rights reserved.
Plasma Fatty Acid Composition in Patients with Pancreatic Cancer: Correlations to Clinical Parameters; Pancreatic cancer (PC) ranks as the fourth cause of cancer-related deaths in the Czech Republic. Evidence exists that deregulation of fatty acid (FA) metabolism is connected with some malignancies; therefore, we decided to analyze FA profile in plasma lipid classes in patients with PC with relation to tumor staging, nutritional status, and survival. The study included 84 patients (47 males, 37 females) with PC and 68 controls (36 males, 32 females). FA patterns were analyzed in plasma lipid classes by gas-chromatography. We observed increased proportion of total monounsaturated FA (MUFA) in PC group in all plasma lipid classes. These changes were connected with increased Delta 9-desaturase (SCD1) and Delta 5-desaturase indices. Correlations of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DHGLA) with these variables were opposite. Longer survival of patients was connected with higher content of EPA, DHA, a nd with lower SCD1 index, respectively. Plasma phospholipid proportions of alpha-linolenic acid, DHGLA, EPA, and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids displayed negative trend with tumor staging. Plasma lipid FA pattern in PC patients resulted from decreased dietary fat intake and increased de novo synthesis of FA with transformation into MUFA. Changes in FA profile implicated some pathophysiological mechanisms responsible for disturbed FA metabolism in PC and importance of appropriate nutritional support.
Scientific Opinion on Dietary Reference Values for fats, including saturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, trans fatty acids, and cholesterol; This Opinion of the EFSA Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition, and Allergies (NDA) deals with the setting of Dietary Reference Values (DRVs) for fats. A lower bound of the reference intake range for total fat of 20 energy % (E%) and an upper bound of 35 E% are proposed. Fat intake in infants can gradually be reduced from 40 E% in the 6-12 month period to 35-40 E% in the 2nd and 3rd year of life. For specific fatty acids the following is proposed: saturated fatty acid (SFA) and trans fatty acid intake should be as low as possible; not to set any DRV for cis-monounsaturated fatty acids; not to formulate a DRV for the intake of total cispolyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA); not to set specific values for the n-3/n-6 ratio; to set an Adequate Intake (AI) of 4 E% for linoleic acid (LA); not to set any DRV for arachidonic acid; not to set an UL for total or any of the n-6 PUFA; to set an AI for alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) of 0.5 E%; not to set an UL for ALA; to set an AI of 250 mg for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) for adults; to set an AI of 100 mg DHA for infants (> 6 months) and young children < 24 months; to increase by 100-200 mg preformed DHA in addition to the AI for adults as an adequate supply of n-3 long chain PUFA during pregnancy and lactation; not to set any DRV for conjugated linoleic acid. For cholesterol it was decided not to propose a reference value beside the limitation on the intake of SFA.
INFLUENCE OF DIETARY SUPPLEMENTATION WITH FISH ON PLASMA FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION IN CORONARY HEART-DISEASE PATIENTS; The effects of dietary supplementation with fish on plasma fatty acid levels were studied in 20 coronary heart disease patients who had suffered acute myocardial infarction. The study was divided into three periods: hospital admission, after 8 weeks on a heart-healthy diet designed for patients with ischemic heart disease, and after 4 weeks on an n-3 fatty acid-supplemented diet in which red meat was replaced with lean and fatty fish. At the end of each period, the subjects responded to a 48-hour recall questionnaire, so that we could assess their compliance with the diet, and blood samples were collected for the determination of plasma fatty acids. Stearic fatty acid was significantly decreased after the fish diet. n-7 and n-9 fatty acids showed no significant changes throughout the study. At the end of the 4-week period when the fish diet was consumed, linoleic acid and its long-chain derivative docosapentaenoic acid (22:5 n-6) were significantly increased. The most notable changes in n-3 series fatty acids at the end of the third period were the significant decrease in linolenic acid and the significant increase in its long-chain derivatives eicosapentaenoic (20:5 n-3) and docosahexaneoic acid (22:6 n-3). These changes in plasma fatty acid levels may have beneficial effects on coronary heart disease.
Growth of human gastric cancer cells in nude mice is delayed by a ketogenic diet supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids and medium-chain triglycerides; Background: Among the most prominent metabolic alterations in cancer cells are the increase in glucose consumption and the conversion of glucose to lactic acid via the reduction of pyruvate even in the presence of oxygen. This phenomenon, known as aerobic glycolysis or the Warburg effect, may provide a rationale for therapeutic strategies that inhibit tumour growth by administration of a ketogenic diet with average protein but low in carbohydrates and high in fat enriched with omega3 fatty acids and medium-chain triglycerides (MCT).
Treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reverses endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress in experimental menopause; Menopause is associated with endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress. In this condition, reduced n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) contribute to cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether treatment with n-3 PUFA reverses endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress in experimental menopause. Thirty female rats underwent either sham-surgery or bilateral ovariectomy or bilateral ovariectomy+oral n-3 PUFA (0.8 g kg(-1) day(-1) for 2 months).
Dietary unsaturated fatty acids differently affect catecholamine handling by adrenal chromaffin cells; Catecholamines (CA) play an important role in cardiovascular (CDV) disease risk. Namely, noradrenaline (NA) levels positively correlate whereas adrenaline (AD) levels negatively correlate with obesity and/or CDV disease. Western diets, which are tipically rich in Omega-6 fatty acids (FAs) and deficient in Omega-3 FAs, may contribute to the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and/or coronary artery disease. Taking this into consideration and the fact that our group has already described that saturated FAs affect catecholamine handling by adrenal chromaffin cells, this work aimed to investigate the effect of unsaturated FAs upon catecholamine handling in the same model. Our results showed that chronic exposure to unsaturated FAs differently modulated CA cellular content and release, regardless of both FA series and number of carbon atoms. Namely, the Omega-6 arachidonic and linoleic acids, based on their effect on CA release and cellular content, seemed to impair NA and AD vesicular transport, whereas gamma-linolenic acid selectively impaired AD synthesis and release. Within the Omega-9 FAs, oleic acid was devoid of effect, and elaidic acid behaved similarly to gamma-linolenic acid. Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (Omega-3 series) impaired the synthesis and release of both NA and AD. These results deserve attention and future development, namely, in what concerns the mechanisms involved and correlative effects in vivo. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The nutritional and cardiovascular health benefits of rapeseed oil-fed farmed salmon in humans are not decreased compared with those of traditionally farmed salmon: a randomized controlled trial; Purpose Farmed fish are increasingly raised on feeds containing vegetable oils, which affects their composition and possibly health properties. We investigated the effects of consuming farmed salmon, raised on different feeding regimes, on nutrient status and health outcomes in healthy subjects. Methods Salmon were grown on feeds containing mainly fish oil (FO) or rapeseed oil (RO), resulting in an eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) content of fillets of 2.1 or 0.9 g/100 g, respectively. In a randomized parallel controlled trial, 51 healthy subjects were allocated to consume 2 portions/week of FO salmon (n = 17), RO salmon (n = 17) or no additional salmon (Control,n = 17) as part of their habitual diet, for 18 weeks. We collected blood at 0, 9 and 18 weeks to measure omega-3 index (O3I) in red blood cells, plasma markers of cardiovascular risk, serum 25(OH)-vitamin D-3(25(OH)D-3) and plasma trace elements. Results After 18 weeks, O3I was similarly increased in subjects consuming 2 portions/week of FO or RO salmon compared to control (bothp < 0.05). Serum 25(OH)D(3)was significantly higher, whereas plasma triacylglycerols were significantly lower in subjects consuming RO salmon compared to control (bothp < 0.05). Heart rate was significantly lower in subjects consuming FO salmon after 9 weeks, compared to control (p < 0.01). Salmon consumption did not affect other markers. Conclusion Consuming two portions/week of salmon raised on rapeseed oil rather than fish oil increased the O3I and vitamin D status, and decreased plasma triacylglycerols. These outcomes endorse opportunities for developing more sustainable feeds within aquaculture food systems.
Nutrients with immune-modulating effects: what role should they play in the intensive care unit?; Purpose of review
A critique of paradoxes in current advice on dietary lipids; Beliefs about credible hypotheses of dietary causes of disease still need well-defined mediators to test for logical proof or disproof. We know that food energy causes transient postprandial oxidative insults that may not be fully reversible. Also, eating vitamin-like 18-carbon polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in foods maintains the 20- and 22-carbon highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) ill tissues. Tissue HUFA form hormone-like mediators that each amplify transient postprandial insults into fatal inflammatory, thrombotic and arrhythinic events in cardiovascular disease, a major preventable cause of death. Similar diet-based amplified events may also occur in other inflammatory proliferative disorders including cancer, dementia, arthritis and asthma. Puzzling paradoxes come from fragmented views of this situation which convey incomplete knowledge in oversimplified messages. Tools now exist to demonstrate successful prevention of two fatal food imbalances with credible dietary preventive interventions, but organizers and financers to help gather the evidence remain unknown. The overall evidence accumulated about diet, disease and death may be nearing a paradigm shift in which prior observed facts remain while beliefs about their accepted interpretation change. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of nondigestible carbohydrates on serum lipoproteins and risk for cardiovascular disease; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is the leading cause of death in the U.S. and in most developed countries. Many nutritional factors contribute to risk for ASCVD including total and saturated fat consumption, fruits and vegetables in the diet and dietary fiber intake. This review will focus on the relationship of dietary fiber intake to risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) and ASCVD (which includes, principally, CHD, cerebral vascular disease and peripheral vascular disease). Fiber-rich foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole-grain cereals and legumes are rich sources of nutrients, phytochemicals and antioxidants. For example, most high fiber foods contain soluble and insoluble fiber, minerals, vitamins, other micronutrients and phytochemicals. Cereals and legumes also contain complex carbohydrates and unsaturated fatty acids. Some high fiber foods are rich in monounsaturated fatty acids, whereas others provide (n-3) fatty acids. Legumes and certain vegetables provide oligosaccharides. When assessing the health benefits of dietary fiber, one should consider the potential effects of: associated nutrients, micronutrients and phytochemicals. These interactions will be reviewed as we discuss relationships of dietary fiber to ASCVD.
Dietary intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the risk of primary cardiac arrest; Whether the dietary intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from seafood reduces the risk of ischemic heart disease remains a source of controversy, in part because studies have yielded inconsistent findings. Results from experimental studies in animals suggest that recent dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs, compared with saturated and monounsaturated fats, reduces vulnerability to ventricular fibrillation, a life-threatening cardiac arrhythmia that is a major cause of ischemic heart disease mortality. Until recently, whether a similar effect of long-chain n-3 PUFAs from seafood occurred in humans was unknown. We summarize the findings from a population-based case-control study that showed that the dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs from seafood, measured both directly with a questionnaire and indirectly with a biomarker, is associated with a reduced risk of primary cardiac arrest in humans. The Endings also suggest that I) compared with no seafood intake, modest dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs from seafood (equivalent to 1 fatty fish meal/wk) is associated with a reduction in the risk of primary cardiac arrest; 2) compared with modest intake, higher intakes of these fatty acids are not associated with a further reduction in such risk; and 3) the reduced risk of primary cardiac arrest may be mediated, at least in part, by the effect of dietary n-3 PUFA intake on cell membrane fatty acid composition. These findings also may help to explain the apparent inconsistencies in earlier studies of long-chain n-3 PUFA intake and ischemic heart disease.
Health benefits and health risks of contaminated fish consumption: Current research outputs, research approaches, and perspectives; Background: Fish contains high-quality omega-3 fatty acids, protein, vitamins, and minerals and due to this it is termed as an essential component of a balanced diet. But there have been concerns raised about the risks of consuming fish that is contaminated with toxins such as methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dioxins, pesticides, and plastic waste. Consumption of contaminated fish containing these pollutants is raising global mortality and morbidity rates. Scope and approaches: The review examines the current research outputs on the health benefits and potential health risks of fish consumption. The review also discusses various approaches to mitigating the health problems caused by fish consumption, highlights the roles of balancing the risks and benefits when consuming fish. Key findings and conclusion: Different findings indicated that contaminants cause cancer, kidney failure, adverse neurological effect, cardiovascular diseases, and so on to vulnerable groups such as pregnant, child breast-feeding and children. In conclusion, there is a need to get more tangible evidence about the advantages and disadvantages of fish consumption to safeguard the wellbeing of the society.
DHA/EPA supplementation decreases anxiety-like behaviour, but it does not ameliorate metabolic profile in obese male rats; Obesity is a major public health problem that predisposes to several diseases and higher mortality in patients with COVID-19. Obesity also generates neuroinflammation, which predisposes to the development of neuropsychiatric diseases. Since there is a lack of effective treatments for obesity, the search for new strategies to reverse its consequences is urgent. In this perspective, the anti-inflammatory properties of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as DHA/EPA might reduce the harmful effects of obesity. Here, we used the cafeteria diet (CAF) model to induce obesity in Wistar rats. Animals received ultra-processed food for 20 weeks, and DHA/EPA supplementation (500 mg/kg per d) was performed between the 16th and the 20th week. At the end of the experiment, it was evaluated: body weight, visceral fat deposition, plasma glucose, insulin and triglycerides, and it was also measured the levels of inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and IL-6 in plasma and liver, and TNF-alpha in the prefrontal cortex. The elevated plus maze test was performed to analyse anxiety-like behaviour. Our results demonstrated that DHA/EPA could not reverse weight and fat gain and did not modify plasma dosages. However, there was a decrease in IL-6 in the liver (DHA/EPA effect: P = 0.023) and TNF-alpha in the brain (CAF compared with CAF + DHA/EPA, P < 0.05). Also, there was a decrease in the anxiety index in CAF + DHA/EPA compared with the CAF group (P < 0.01). Thus, DHA/EPA supplementation is helpful to reverse the consequences of obesity in the brain.
Novel soybean oils with different fatty acid profiles alter cardiovascular disease risk factors in moderately hyperlipidemic subjects; Background: A variety of soybean oils were developed with improved oxidative stability and functional characteristics for use as alternatives to partially hydrogenated fat.
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT,vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed.
Amphetamine-Related Fatalities and Altered Brain Chemicals: A Preliminary Investigation Using the Comparative Toxicogenomic Database; Amphetamine is a psychostimulant drug with a high risk of toxicity and death when misused. Abuse of amphetamines is associated with an altered organic profile, which includes omega fatty acids. Low omega fatty acid levels are linked to mental disorders. Using the Comparative Toxicogenomic Database (CTD), we investigated the chemical profile of the brain in amphetamine-related fatalities and the possibility of neurotoxicity. We classified amphetamine cases as low (0-0.5 g/mL), medium (>0.5 to 1.5 g/mL), and high (>1.5 g/mL), based on amphetamine levels in brain samples. All three groups shared 1-octadecene, 1-tridecene, 2,4-di-tert-butylphenol, arachidonic acid (AA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosane, and oleylamide. We identified chemical-disease associations using the CTD tools and predicted an association between DHA, AA and curated conditions like autistic disorder, disorders related to cocaine, Alzheimer's disease, and cognitive dysfunction. An amphetamine challenge may cause neurotoxicity in the human brain due to a decrease in omega-3 fatty acids and an increase in oxidative products. Therefore, in cases of amphetamine toxicity, a supplement therapy may be needed to prevent omega-3 fatty acid deficiency.
Role of chloroplast trienoic fatty acids in plant disease defense responses; Trienoic fatty acids (TAs) are the major polyunsaturated fatty acid species in the membrane lipids in plant cells. TAs are crucial for the adaptation to abiotic stresses, especially low- or high-temperature stress. We show that TAs in chloroplast membrane lipids are involved in defense responses against avirulent bacterial pathogens. Avirulent pathogen invasion of plants induces a transient production of reactive oxygen intermediates (ROI), programmed cell death and subsequent disease resistance. The Arabidopsis fad7fad8 mutation, which prevents the synthesis of TAs in chloroplast lipids, caused the reduction in ROI accumulation in leaves inoculated with Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 (avrRpm1). Linolenic acid, the most abundant TA, activated the NADPH oxidase that is responsible for ROI generation. TAs were transferred from chloroplast lipids to extrachloroplast lipids coincident with ROI accumulation after inoculation with Pst DC3000 (avrRpm1). Furthermore, the fad7fad8 mutant exhibited reduced cell death and was compromised in its resistance to several avirulent P. syringae strains. These results suggest that TAs derived from chloroplast lipids play an important role in the regulation of plant defense responses.
Cognitive and Cardiovascular Benefits of Docosahexaenoic Acid in Aging and Cognitive Decline; Memory loss is a prominent health concern, second only to heart disease for older individuals. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the principle omega-3 fatty acid in brain and heart, plays an important role in neural and cardiac function. Decreases in plasma DHA are associated with cognitive decline in healthy elderly and Alzheimer's patients. Higher DHA intake and plasma levels are inversely correlated with increased relative risk of Alzheimer's disease (AD) and fatal coronary heart disease. DHA provides well known cardiovascular benefits (e.g. lower triglycerides, increased HDL cholesterol, decreased resting heart rate) in older adults. Preclinically, DHA supplementation restores brain DHA levels, enhances learning and memory tasks in aged animals, and significantly reduces beta amyloid, plaques, and tau in transgenic AD models. To date, clinical studies with DHA+EPA supplementation have shown some positive effects in mild cognitive impairment but not in AD, suggesting that early intervention may be a key factor to providing effective therapies. A recent clinical study examined individual effects of 900mg/d algal DHA as a nutritional supplement for age-related cognitive decline (ARCD). This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (n=485) found significantly fewer CANTAB (R) Paired Associate Learning errors with algal DHA at six months versus placebo (diff. score -1.63 +/- 0.76, p=0.03). Positive effects on Verbal Recognition Memory (p<0.02) and significant decreases in resting heart rate with DHA (p<0.03) were observed, indicating improved learning and episodic memory functions and cardiovascular benefits for ARCD. Collectively, data reveal a potentially beneficial role for DHA in preventing or ameliorating cognitive decline and cardiovascular disease in the aged.
Dietary patterns and mental health after myocardial infarction; Background
Effect of fish oil supplementation in a rat model of multiple mild traumatic brain injuries; Purpose: Repetitive mild traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major military and sports health concern. The purpose of this study was to determine if a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids would reduce cognitive deficits and neuronal cell death in a novel fluid percussion rat model of repetitive mild TBIs.
Basal level of autophagy and MAP1LC3B-II as potential biomarkers for DHA-induced cytotoxicity in colorectal cancer cells; The omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is known as an anticancer agent. Colorectal cancer (CRC) cells exhibit different sensitivity toward DHA, but the mechanisms involved are still unclear. Gene expression profiling of 10 CRC cell lines demonstrated a correlation between the level of DHA sensitivity and different biological stress responses, such as endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, oxidative stress, and autophagy. The basal level of autophagy and MAP1LC3B-II protein correlated with DHA sensitivity in the cell lines studied. DHA induced oxidative stress, ER stress, and autophagy in DHA-sensitive DLD-1 cells, while the less sensitive LS411N cells were affected to a much lesser extent. Co-treatment with DHA and the autophagy inducer rapamycin reduced DHA sensitivity in DLD-1 and HCT-8 cells, while co-treatment with DHA and the autophagy inhibitors chloroquine and 3-methyladenine increased the DHA sensitivity in LS411N and LS513 cells. Differentially expressed genes correlating with DHA sensitivity and the level of autophagy demonstrated an overlap in biological pathways involved. Results indicate the basal level of autophagy and MAP1LC3B-II protein as potential biomarkers for DHA sensitivity in CRC cells.
Food and plant bioactives for reducing cardiometabolic disease: How does the evidence stack up?; Background: The cornerstone of cardiovascular disease prevention is a healthy lifestyle. A large body of research indicated a number of food and plant bioactives potentially efficacious in reducing some highly prevalent cardiovascular disease risk factors, such as hypercholesterolemia, hypertension and insulin resistance.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids induce ischemic and epileptic tolerance; The findings reported in this work show that pretreatment with polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly linolenic acid, present in vegetable oils, can provide a potent tolerance against neurodegeneration in two models of neuronal death-generating treatments such as kamic acid injection and global ischemia. Rats were injected i.v. with 500 nmol/kg of linolenic acid as long as 3 days prior to 6 min global ischemia or received an injection of linolenic acid as long as 3 days prior to a dose of 7.5 mg/kg kainic acid. Neuronal degeneration, assessed by analysis of neuronal density on Cresyl Violet-stained hippocarnpal sections. was significantly reduced in linolenic acid-treated rats (94-85% of cell survival in the ischemic model and 99-79% of cell survival in the epileptic model in respective CA1 and CA3 subfields). The neuroprotection observed following the injection of linolenic acid 3 days prior to induction of a severe ischemic or epileptic challenge was associated with the induction of the neuroprotective HSP70 heat shock protein within the time window of protection. The injection of 500 nmol/kg of linolenic, acid induced a maximal HSP70 expression of 387% at 72 h. In contrast, the overexpression of one well-known protein inducer of neuronal cell death, Bax, which is induced by both ischemic and kainic acid-induced epileptic insults, was prevented by linolenic acid in the 3-day window of protection.
Fatty acid composition of the postmortem prefrontal cortex of adolescent male and female suicide victims; Prior epidemiological, prospective intervention, and peripheral and central fatty acid composition studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acid deficiency may be associated with the pathoaetiology of depression and suicide. In the present study, we determined the fatty acid composition of the postmortem prefrontal cortex (PFC) of adolescent male and female suicide victims and age-matched controls. Fatty acid composition (wt% total fatty acids) and concentrations (mu mol/g) were determined in the postmortem PFC (Brodmann area 10) of male and female adolescent (aged 13-20 years) suicide victims (n = 20) and age-matched controls (n = 20) by gas chromatography. None of the major polyunsaturated fatty acids including the principle brain omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), monounsaturated fatty acids, or saturated fatty acids differed significantly between adolescent suicide victims and controls before or after segregation by gender. The arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6): DHA ratio and adrenic acid (22:4n-6) composition were negatively correlated with age at death in controls but not in suicides, and males exhibited a greater AA:DHA ratio irrespective of cause-of-death. These results demonstrate that adolescent male and female suicide victims do not exhibit DHA deficits in the postmortem PFC relative to age-matched controls, and suggest that suicide victims do not exhibit the normal age-related decrease in adrenic acid composition and the AA:DHA ratio. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins promote lipid accumulation and apolipoprotein B-48 receptor transcriptional activity in human circulating and murine bone marrow neutrophils in a fatty acid-dependent manner; Scope: Postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) promote atherosclerosis. Recent research points the bone marrow (BM) as a primary site in atherosclerosis. We elucidated how the acute administration of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) MUFAs, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) PUFAs and saturated fatty acids (SFAs) affects human circulating and murine BM neutrophil lipid accumulation and functionality.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on growth and survival of J774 macrophages; To further understand potential mechanisms underlying the protective effects of eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) against atherosclerosis, J774 macrophages were used to explore cellular responses to growth in the presence of PUFA in vitro. Clonogenic assays indicated that 15 mu g/ml of EPA killed over 90% of J774 populations.
Pansteatitis in polluted Olifants River impoundments: nutritional perspectives on fish in a eutrophic lake, Lake Loskop, South Africa; This study compares the aetiology of pansteatitis in Lake Loskop, relative to two other impoundments along the Olifants River. Macroscopic and microscopic pathology, age determination and analysis of stomach content, fatty acids and stable isotopes explain the high prevalence of pansteatitis in Oreochromis mossambicus (Peters) and several other species in Lake Loskop. All the dietary indicator comparisons between pansteatitis-affected and healthy fish fail to support a systemic cause. Pansteatitis in Lake Loskop was linked to size and weight of O. mossambicus, but not to ontogenic age. Fish in Lake Loskop showed abnormally high omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acid ratios normally only found in marine fish with no significant difference in degree of assimilation of these fatty acids between pansteatitis-affected and healthy fish. This explains the vulnerability to, but not the occurrence of, pansteatitis. As a cause for the pansteatitis, these results point towards sporadic vitamin E-depleting trigger events, known sporadic fish die-off occurrences that provide surviving fish with a rich source of rancid fats on which to scavenge. The mechanism ties pansteatitis to eutrophication and trophic cascade effects, the intrinsic drivers of the disease and suggests an adaptive management strategy that might be applied by relevant conservation authorities.
Consumption of Stearidonic Acid-Rich Oil in Foods Increases Red Blood Cell Eicosapentaenoic Acid; Background Consumption of soybean oil enriched with stearidonic acid was previously shown to increase eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in red blood cells (RBC).
The impact of EPA and DHA on blood lipids and lipoprotein metabolism: influence of apoE genotype; Fish and fish oil-rich sources of long-chain n-3 fatty acids have been shown to be cardio-protective, through a multitude of different pathways including effects on arrythymias, endothelial function, inflammation and thrombosis, as well as modulation of both the fasting and postprandial blood lipid profile. To date the majority of studies have examined the impact of EPA and DHA fed simultaneously as fish or fish oil supplements. However, a number of recent studies have compared the relative biopotency of EPA v. DHA in relation to their effect on blood lipid levels. Although many beneficial effects of fish oils have been demonstrated, concern exists about the potential deleterious impact of EPA and DHA on LDL-cholesterol, with a highly-heterogenous response of this lipid fraction reported in the literature. Recent evidence suggests that apoE genotype may be in part responsible. In the present review the impact of EPA and DHA on cardiovascular risk and the blood lipoprotein profile will be considered, with a focus on the apoE gene locus as a possible determinant of lipid responsiveness to fish oil intervention.
Effect of Life-Long Dietary n-6/n-3 Fatty Acid Ratio on Life Span, Serum Lipids and Serum Glucose in Wistar Rats; Types of dietary lipid affect the life span of rats. In this study. we investigated the influence of the life-long dietary n-6/n-3 ratio on life span and serum lipid and glucose levels. A semi-purified diet adjusted to a constant saturated : monounsaturated : polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio and an n-6/n-3 ratio of 1. (R1), 4 (R4) or 16 (R16) was fed to rats (n=33) from 4 wk of age until death. There were no significant differences in the food intake or body weight, nor were there survival curve or mean life span variations among the 3 groups. The serum cholesterol levels after feeding the test diet for 6 and 12 mo were significantly lower in the R1. group than in the other groups, and the serum triacylglycerol levels were significantly lower than those in the R16 group. However, no significant differences were noted in the serum cholesterol or triacylglycerol level after feeding for 18 mo among the 3 groups. A significantly higher serum glucose level was noted in the RI group only at 18 mo of test diet ingestion, compared to that in the R4 group. The results suggest that the influence of the dietary n-6/n-3 ratio on the serum lipid and glucose levels varies, depending on the duration and life stage of feeding. Our findings further suggest that the life span of Wistar rats is not affected even if the ratio of dietary n-6/n-3 changes from 1 to 16.
The Role of Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods in Skin Cancer: Mechanisms and Therapeutic Potential; Skin cancer is a prevalent type of cancer worldwide and has a high growth rate compared to other diseases. Although modern targeted therapies have improved the management of cutaneous neoplasms, there is an urgent requirement for a safer, more affordable, and effective chemoprevention and treatment strategy for skin cancer. Nutraceuticals, which are natural substances derived from food, have emerged as a potential alternative or adjunctive treatment option. In this review, we explore the current evidence on the use of omega-3 fatty acids and polyphenols (curcumin, epigallocatechin gallate, apigenin, resveratrol, and genistein) for the treatment of melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancer (NMSC), as well as in their prevention. We discuss the mechanisms of action of the aforementioned nutraceuticals and their probable therapeutic benefits in skin cancer. Omega-3 fatty acids, curcumin, epigallocatechin gallate, apigenin, resveratrol, and genistein have several properties, among which are anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor, which can help to prevent and treat skin cancer. However, their effectiveness is limited due to poor bioavailability. Nanoparticles and other delivery systems can improve their absorption and targeting. More research is needed to evaluate their safety and effectiveness as a natural approach to skin cancer prevention and treatment. These compounds should not replace conventional cancer treatments, but may be used as complementary therapy under the guidance of a healthcare professional.
Cytochrome P450 Enzymes in the Bioactivation of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Role in Cardiovascular Disease; Various members of the cytochrome P450 (CYP) superfamily have the capacity of metabolizing omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 and n-3 PUFAs). In most mammalian tissues, CYP2C and CYP2J enzymes are the major PUFA epoxygenases, whereas CYP4A and CYP4F subfamily members function as PUFA hydroxylases. The individual CYP enzymes differ in their substrate specificities as well as regio- and stereoselectivities and thus produce distinct sets of epoxy and/or hydroxy metabolites, collectively termed CYP eicosanoids. Nutrition has a major impact on the endogenous CYP-eicosanoid profile. "Western diets" rich in n-6 PUFAs result in a predominance of arachidonic acid-derived metabolites, whereas marine foodstuffs rich in n-3 PUFAs shift the profile to eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid-derived metabolites. In general, CYP eicosanoids are formed as second messengers of numerous hormones, growth factors and cytokines regulating cardiovascular and renal function, and a variety of other physiological processes. Imbalances in the formation of individual CYP eicosanoids are linked to the development of hypertension, myocardial infarction, maladaptive cardiac hypertrophy, acute kidney injury, stroke and inflammatory disorders. The underlying mechanisms are increasingly understood and may provide novel targets for the prevention and treatment of these disease states. Suitable pharmacological agents are under development and first proofs of concept have been obtained in animal models.
Triglycerides and Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins in the Causal Pathway of Cardiovascular Disease; Epidemiologic and clinical studies suggest that elevated triglyceride levels are a biomarker of cardiovascular (CV) risk. Consistent with these findings, recent genetic evidence from mutational analyses, genome-wide association studies, and Mendelian randomization studies provide robust evidence that triglycerides and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins are in the causal pathway for atherosclerotic CV disease, indicating that they may play a pathogenic role, much like low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Although statins are the cornerstone of dyslipidemia management, high triglyceride levels may persist in some patients despite statin therapy. Several triglyceride-lowering agents are available, including fibrates, niacin, and omega-3 fatty acids, of which prescription omega-3 fatty acids have the best tolerability and safety profile. In clinical studies, omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce triglyceride levels, but products containing both eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid may increase LDL-C levels. Icosapent ethyl, a high-purity eicosapentaenoic acid only product, does not raise LDL-C levels and also reduces triglyceride, non high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglyceride-rich lipoprotein levels. In conclusion, omega-3 fatty acids are currently being evaluated in large CV outcome studies in statin-treated patients; these studies should help to elucidate the causative role of triglycerides in atherosclerotic CV disease. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2016;118:138-145)
Association of interleukin-6 gene-572 C &gt; G polymorphism with dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids on plasma HDL-c level in Chinese male adults; Objective: Heterogeneity in circulating lipid concentrations in response to different dietary fat intakes may be due, in part, to gene polymorphism of cytokine related to inflammation. The objective was to determine whether dietary n-3 PUFAs intake influenced the effects of IL-6 -572 polymorphism on plasma lipids and apolipoproteins. Study Design: This cross-sectional study included 195 men and 386 women aged 40-65 y. DNA was isolated from white blood cell to determine the IL-6 -572 C-G polymorphisms by the polymerase chain reaction-logation detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. Dietary fatty acids were assessed by measuring erythrocyte membrane fatty acids, and fasting plasma was collected to determine blood lipids and apoproteins. Results: The frequency of the G allele was 0.214. There were no significant differences in plasma lipids across genotypes (all p>0.05). When men and women were grouped into tertiles by the erythrocyte membrane n-3 PUFAs composition; in the lowest group, men with G allele had 18% higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than did C/C genotype (p <0.05). Similar effects were observed for apo A. Adjusting for age, BMI and total PUFA did not alter this association. The interaction was not significant in women. Conclusion: Dietary n-3 PUFA intake influenced the effects of IL-6 -572 genotype on HDL-c concentrations in males.
Omegas and Dry Eye: More Knowledge, More Questions; The omega-3 (3) and omega-6 (6) essential fatty acid knowledge base has been exploding. In the last 5 years, at least 12 clinical trials on 3 and 6 supplementation and dry eye disease (DED) were published in the peer-reviewed literature (2010 to 2015), about double the amount published in the 5 years prior. Although there is increasing scientific evidence that supports the potential use of 3 and 6 supplementation for DED, there are limited randomized controlled trials to properly inform evidence-based medicine. Dry eye disease is one of the most common eye conditions that patients seek care for and cannot be disregarded as a trivial condition. The roles of 3 and 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the treatment of DED are still not completely understood. There are distinct and sometimes opposite effects of 3 and 6 PUFAs, both of which are essential and cannot be synthesized de novo in the body. These fatty acids must be obtained from the diet, which varies widely by region, even within the United States. Omega-3 PUFAs have anti-inflammatory effects; a proper ratio of 6:3 in the diet must be established. Objectively correlating changes in dry eye syndrome with blood levels of 3 PUFAs has not been done in a large-scale multisite study. Just as Wilder's law of initial value states that the direction of response of a body function to any agent depends to a large degree on the initial level of that function, the baseline status needs to be taken into account. There is also no consensus on the dose, composition, length of treatment, and so on with 3 or 6 PUFAs. Increased quality evidence on the usefulness of over-the-counter supplements is needed to enable eye care providers to confidently outline specific treatment recommendations for using 3 PUFAs in DED.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Prevents White Matter Damage after Spinal Cord Injury; We have previously shown that the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) significantly improves several histological and behavioral measures after spinal cord injury (SCI). White matter damage plays a key role in neurological outcome following SCI. Therefore, we examined the effects of the acute intravenous (IV) administration of DHA (250 nmol/kg) 30 min after thoracic compression SCI in rats, alone or in combination with a DHA-enriched diet (400 mg/kg/d, administered for 6 weeks post-injury), on white matter pathology. By 1 week post-injury, the acute IV DHA injection led to significantly reduced axonal dysfunction, as indicated by accumulation of beta-amyloid precursor protein (-55% compared to vehicle-injected controls) in the dorsal columns. The loss of cytoskeletal proteins following SCI was also significantly reduced. There were 43% and 73% more axons immunoreactive for non-phosphorylated 200-kD neurofilament in the ventral white matter and ventrolateral white matter, respectively, in animals receiving DHA injections than vehicle-injected rats. The acute DHA treatment also led to a significant improvement in microtubule-associated protein-2 immunoreactivity. By 6 weeks, damage to myelin and serotonergic fibers was also reduced. For some of the parameters measured, the combination of DHA injection and DHA-enriched diet led to greater neuroprotection than DHA injection alone. These findings demonstrate the therapeutic potential of DHA in SCI, and clearly indicate that this fatty acid confers significant protection to the white matter.
Alterations of HDL particle phospholipid composition and role of inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis; The increased cardiovascular risk in RA (rheumatoid arthritis) cannot be explained by common quantitative circulating lipid parameters. The objective of the study was to characterize the modifications in HDL phosphosphingolipidome in patients with RA to identify qualitative modifications which could better predict the risk for CVD. Nineteen patients with RA were compared to control subjects paired for age, sex, BMI, and criteria of metabolic syndrome. The characterization of total HDL phosphosphingolipidome was performed by LC-MS/MS. RA was associated with an increased HDL content of lysophosphatidylcholine and a decreased content of PC (phosphatidylcholine), respectively, positively and negatively associated with cardiovascular risk. A discriminant molecular signature composed of 18 lipids was obtained in the HDL from RA patients. The detailed analysis of phospholipid species showed that molecules carrying omega-3 FA (fatty acids), notably docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6 n-3), were depleted in HDL isolated from RA patients. By contrast, two PE (phosphatidylethanolamine) species carrying arachidonic acid (C20:4 n-6) were increased in HDL from RA patients. Furthermore, disease activity and severity indexes were associated with altered HDL content of 4 PE and 2 PC species. In conclusion, the composition of HDL phosphosphingolipidome is altered during RA. Identification of a lipidomic signature could therefore represent a promising biomarker for CVD risk. Although a causal link remains to be demonstrated, pharmacological and nutritional interventions targeting the normalization of the FA composition of altered phospholipids could help to fight against RA-related inflammation and CVD risk.
Modulation of Lipid-Induced ER Stress by Fatty Acid Shape; Exposure of pancreatic beta cells to long-chain saturated fatty acids (SFA) induces a so-called endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress that can ultimately lead to cell death. This process is believed to participate in insulin deficiency associated with type 2 diabetes, via a decrease in beta-cell mass. By contrast, some unsaturated fatty acid species appear less toxic to the cells and can even alleviate SFA-induced ER stress. In the present study, we took advantage of a simple yeast-based model, which brings together most of the trademarks of lipotoxicity in human cells, to screen fatty acids of various structures for their capacity to counter ER stress. Here we demonstrate that the tendency of a free fatty acid (FFA) to reduce SFA toxicity depends on a complex conjunction of parameters, including chain length, level of unsaturation, position of the double bonds and nature of the isomers (cis or trans). Interestingly, potent FFA act as building blocks for phospholipid synthesis and help to restore an optimal membrane organization, compatible with ER function and normal protein trafficking.
Advances in nutritional supplementation for sarcopenia management; Sarcopenia is a syndrome characterized by a decline in muscular mass, strength, and function with advancing age. The risk of falls, fragility, hospitalization, and death is considerably increased in the senior population due to sarcopenia. Although there is no conclusive evidence for drug treatment, resistance training has been unanimously recognized as a first-line treatment for managing sarcopenia, and numerous studies have also pointed to the combination of nutritional supplementation and resistance training as a more effective intervention to improve quality of life for people with sarcopenia. People with both malnutrition and sarcopenia have a higher mortality rate, so identifying people at risk of malnutrition and intervening early is extremely important to avoid sarcopenia and its associated problems. This article provides important information for dietary interventions in sarcopenia by summarizing the discoveries and developments of nutritional supplements such as protein, leucine, beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyric acid, vitaminD, vitaminC, vitamin E, omega-3 fatty acids, creatine, inorganic nitrate, probiotics, minerals, collagen peptides, and polyphenols in the management of sarcopenia.
Specific effects of n-3 fatty acids and 8-bromo-cGMP on the cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase activity in neonatal rat cardiac myocytes; The authors have previously resolved four forms of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase (PDE) in neonatal rat cultured cardiomyocytes by use of high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and have shown that the response of the cGMP-stimulated PDE to the effector cGMP was markedly reduced as compared to that of the corresponding isoform present in the heart ventricle of adult rat (70% v 350%). When neonatal rat ventricular myocytes were grown in a medium enriched in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an increase of the basal level of cAMP and mainly cGMP was observed. The cGMP-PDE specific activity in the unfractionated cytosol of DHA-, EPA- or 8-bromo-cGMP-enriched cardiomyocytes was lower than that observed in control cells, whereas the cAMP-PDE specific activity remained unchanged whatever the treatment used. At the same time, the response of the cGMP-stimulated PDE to cGMP was substantially increased in n-3 fatty acid-enriched cardiomyocytes and reached the same level as in the whole ventricle (340%). The treatment of neonatal cardiomyocytes with 8-bromo-cGMP also re-established the sensitivity of this cGMP-stimulated isozyme to cGMP (320%). These results suggest a common mechanism for polyunsaturated fatty acids and 8-bromo-cGMP in the regulation of the cGMP-stimulated PDE activity in cardiomyocytes from new-born rats. (C) 1996 Academic Press Limited
Assessing the feasibility of using pomegranate (<i>Punica granatum</i>) seed oil, rich in conjugated linolenic acid, as a lipid source in the diet of common carp, <i>Cyprinus carpio</i>, juveniles; In this study, the feasibility of using pomegranate seed oil, rich in conjugated linolenic acid and its partial replacement for fish oil in fish diet were investigated. Common carp, Cyprinus carpio, juveniles (1.8 +/- 0.1 g) were fed four isonitrogenous and isolipidic diets with similar basal composition but different oil mixture containing 100% fish oil (A), 50% fish oil +50% sunflower oil (B), 50% fish oil +25% sunflower oil +25% pomegranate seed oil (C) and 50% fish oil +50% pomegranate seed oil (D) for 8 weeks. The highest weight gain was observed in fish fed diet D (p < 0.05). Test diets had no significant effect (p > 0.05) on saturated and monounsaturated fatty acid contents of fish muscle. Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3; DHA) was significantly lower in the muscle of fish fed diet B (p < 0.05) compared to those fed diet A. However, there was no significant difference in the muscle DHA content of fish fed diets A, C, or D. No specific hepatocyte damage associated to dietary pomegranate seed oil was found in this study. This study showed a 50-50 combination of fish oil and pomegranate seed oil could be used as dietary lipid source for common carp without any adverse effect on growth performance or muscle n-3 content while accumulated punicic acid in the muscle could be considered as added value for the final human consumer.
Structural Variation Analysis of Mutated <i>Nannochloropsis oceanica</i> Caused by Zeocin Through Genome Re-Sequencing; Zeocin can cause double strand breaks of DNA and thus may be employed as a mutagen. In this study, two strains of Nannochloropsis oceanica, the wild and the Zeocin-tolerant strains, were re-sequenced to verify such function of Zeocin. The results showed that Zeocin can mutate the N. oceanica genome and cause the structural variation. Zeocin either swept away or selected the alleles of genes functioning in ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, ascorbate and aldarate metabolism, ribosome biogenesis, and circadian rhythm, indicating that N. oceanica may have adjusted its metabolic performances for protein, carbohydrate, and lipid, and changed its ribosome biosynthesis and living rhythm to survive in Zeocin containing medium. In addition, Zeocin caused mutation may have influenced the expression of a set of transcription factors. It was concluded that Zeocin effectively caused the structural variation of the genome of N. oceanica, and forced the microalgae to select out the alleles of a set of genes around these variations in order to adapt to Zeocin containing medium. Further studies on the genetic basis of the phenotypic adaptation of this haploid and asexual microalga and the application of Zeocin to its genetic improvement are very important.
Long-chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Transport across Human Placental Choriocarcinoma (BeWo) Cells; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) are essential for proper development of fetal brain and retina. These LCPUFAs are selectively enriched in the fetal circulation compared with the maternal circulation. In the Current study we investigated the transfer of LCPUFAs and a non-essential fatty acid (oleic acid, OA) in a transwell monolayer system of placental choriocarcinoma (BeWo) cells.
Comparative assessment of erythrocyte sphingolipid levels as potential cardiovascular health markers in women from Libya and Serbia: a small-scale study; Aim: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) represent the major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide including Libya, where they account for 43% of all deaths. Sphingolipids are involved in the pathology of numerous diseases including cardiovascular diseases and are proposed as potential biomarkers of cardiovascular health that could be more effective compared to traditional clinical biomarkers. The aim of this study was to determine the sphingolipid content in the erythrocyte membrane of Libyan migrant and Serbian resident women. In addition, to examine if sphingolipid levels could be used as a novel indicator of cardiovascular risk, we evaluated possible correlations with some well-established biomarkers of cardiovascular health.Materials and Methods: A total of 13 Libyan and 15 Serbian healthy women participated in the study. The high-performance version thin-layer chromatography (HPTLC) using the image analysis tool JustTLC was applied for quantification of erythrocytes' sphingolipids.Results: Lower mean values of erythrocytes' sphingolipids and cholesterol concentrations were found in the group of Libyan emigrants compared to Serbian resident women. Besides, in this group of apparently healthy women (n = 28), the sphingolipid content of erythrocytes was inversely related to the Omega-3 index (r =-0.492, p = 0.008) and directly linked to vitamin D status (r = 0.433, p = 0.021) and membrane cholesterol levels (r = 0.474, p = 0.011).Conclusion: The erythrocytes' sphingolipid levels should be measured/assessed as an additional biomarker of CV health, by applying a simple and routine method. Still, further investigation in a larger population-specific context is warranted.
Selective enrichment of n-3 fatty acids in human plasma lipid motifs following intake of marine fish; Plasma levels of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) are associated with a reduction in risk of cardiovascular disease and other chronic, age-related diseases like Alzheimer's disease. In this work, we tested the hypothesis that n-3 LCPUFA fatty acids in human plasma are incorporated into selective lipid species following intake of n-3 LCPUFA rich marine fish. To test this hypothesis, we performed lipidomic analysis on plasma samples from a clinical trial in which participants consumed increasing amounts of farmed Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar). Under basal conditions, n-3 and n-6 LCPUFA were selectively incorporated into plasma phosphatidylcholine (PC) species containing saturated fatty acids (SFA) versus unsaturated fatty acids as the complementary fatty acids. LCPUFA were incorporated into selective triacylglycerol (TAG) species with complementary diacylglyceryl environments of 34:1 or 34:2 (for 20:5 and 22:5) and 36:2>36:3>36:4 and 36:1 (for 20:4 and 22:6). High n-3 LCPUFA marine fish intake resulted in selective increases of PC SFA_n-3 LCPUFA species and LCPUFA-containing TAG species. Changes in cholesteryl esters and phosphatidylethanolamines also occurred following fish intake. Our results highlight the importance of discriminating phospholipid and TAG species and dietary background when evaluating lipidomic outcomes and disease associations. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Dietary Oily Fish Intake is Inversely Associated with Severity of White Matter Hyperintensities of Presumed Vascular Origin. A Population-Based Study in Frequent Fish Consumers of Amerindian Ancestry; Background: Oily fish is amajor dietary source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and other nutrients that may reduce the expression of cerebral small vessel disease (cSVD) biomarkers, including white matter hyperintensities (WMH) of presumed vascular origin. However, information on this relationship is limited. We aimed to assess the association between oily fish intake and WMH severity in a population of frequent fish consumers. Methods: The study included 572 individuals aged >= 60 years living in three neighboring rural villages of coastal Ecuador. Dietary oily fish intake was calculated and all participants received a brain MRI. Logistic regression models, adjusted for demographics, level of education, cardiovascular risk factors and other cSVD biomarkers, were fitted to assess the independent association between amounts of oily fish intake and WMH severity. Results: Overall, the mean intake of oily fish was 8.5 +/- 4.7 servings per week, and 164 individuals (29%) had moderate-to-severe WMH (according to the modified Fazekas scale). A multivariate logistic regression model disclosed a significant inverse association between the amount of oily fish intake and the presence of moderate-to-severe WMH (OR: 0.89; 95% C.I.: 0.85-0.94; p < 0.001). Predictive margins revealed an almost linear inverse relationship between quartiles of oily fish intake and probabilities of WMH severity, which became significant when the 1st quartile was compared with the 3rd and 4th quartiles. Conclusions: Increased amounts of oily fish intake are inversely associated with WMH severity. Further studies are warranted to determine whether oily fish intake reduces the risk of cSVD-related cerebrovascular complications.
Relative validity and reproducibility of dietary quality scores from a short diet screener in a multi-ethnic Asian population; Objective: Short screeners for assessing dietary quality are lacking in Asia. We recently developed a short thirty-seven-item diet screener (DS). The present study aimed to evaluate reproducibility and relative validity of the DS in assessing a priori dietary quality indices (DQI; i.e. the Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet) and intakes of selected foods.
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and direct renin inhibition improve electrical remodeling in a model of high human renin hypertension; We compared the effect n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with direct renin inhibition on electrophysiological remodeling in angiotensin II-induced cardiac injury. We treated double-transgenic rats expressing the human renin and angiotensinogen genes (dTGRs) from week 4 to 7 with n-3 PUFA ethyl-esters (Omacor; 25-g/kg diet) or a direct renin inhibitor (aliskiren; 3 mg/kg per day). Sprague-Dawley rats were controls. We performed electrocardiographic, magnetocardiographic, and programmed electrical stimulation. Dietary n-3 PUFAs increased the cardiac content of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid. At week 7, mortality in dTGRs was 31%, whereas none of the n-3 PUFA-or aliskiren-treated dTGRs died. Systolic blood pressure was modestly reduced in n-3 PUFA-treated (180 +/- 3 mm Hg) compared with dTGRs (208 +/- 5 mm Hg). Aliskiren-treated dTGRs and Sprague-Dawley rats were normotensive (110 +/- 3 and 119 +/- 6 mm Hg, respectively). Both n-3 PUFA-treated and untreated dTGRs showed cardiac hypertrophy and increased atrial natriuretic peptide levels. Prolonged QRS and QT(c) intervals and increased T-wave dispersion in dTGRs were reduced by n-3 PUFAs or aliskiren. Both treatments reduced arrhythmia induction from 75% in dTGRs to 17% versus 0% in Sprague-Dawley rats. Macrophage infiltration and fibrosis were reduced by n-3 PUFAs and aliskiren. Connexin 43, a mediator of intermyocyte conduction, was redistributed to the lateral cell membranes in dTGRs. n-3 PUFAs and aliskiren restored normal localization to the intercalated disks. Thus, n-3 PUFAs and aliskiren improved electrical remodeling, arrhythmia induction, and connexin 43 expression, despite a 70-mm Hg difference in blood pressure and the development of cardiac hypertrophy.
RELATIONSHIPS OF PLASMINOGEN-ACTIVATOR INHIBITOR-1 TO ANTHROPOMETRY, SERUM-INSULIN, TRIGLYCERIDES AND ADIPOSE-TISSUE FATTY-ACIDS IN HEALTHY-MEN; Increased plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), responsible for reduced fibrinolytic activity, have been shown to be an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease. PAI-1 plasma levels are influenced by several factors which have not yet been fully clarified, including dietary fat intake. The relationships of PAI-1 with other cardiovascular risk factors are still not well known. In a random sample of 38-year-old healthy men (n = 94), the association of PAI-1 plasma levels (measured as activity and antigen) with anthropometric parameters, serum lipids, fasting and 2 h insulin and glucose concentration after oral glucose-load was analysed. Furthermore, the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous adipose tissue, as an objective and reliable index of dietary fat intake, was measured. The univariate analysis showed that plasma levels of PAI-1 were significantly associated with body mass index (BMI) (r = 0.37, P < 0.001), waist/hip ratio (WHR) (r = 0.26, P < 0.01), serum triglycerides (r = 0.47, P < 0.0001), HDL/total cholesterol ratio (r = -0.35, P < 0.001), fasting and 2-h insulin (r = 0.27, P < 0.01 and r = 0.34, P < 0.001) and glucose concentrations (r = 0.25, P < 0.05 and r = 0.28, P < 0.01). PAI-1 plasma level were weakly and positively associated with both total amount of monounsaturated fatty acids (r = 0.31, P < 0.05) and oleic acid (r = 0.28, P < 0.05), while both total polyunsaturated fatty acids and linoleic and a-linolenic acids were strongly and negatively associated with PAI-1 plasma concentration (r = -0.34, r = -0.33, P < 0.01 and r = -0.43, P < 0.001, respectively). When BMI, WHR, serum triglyceride and insulin concentrations were included as independent variables in a multivariate analysis, only serum triglycerides showed a positive and independent association with plasma levels of PAI-1 (P < 0.0001). Furthermore, after adjustment for triglyceride concentration, the relationship of PAI-1 to adipose tissue fatty acids was no longer significant, except to alpha-linolenic acid which maintained a significant inverse association with PAI-1 plasma levels (r = -0.43; P < 0.001). The present study has verified the relationships of PAI-1 plasma levels to anthropometric measurements, serum insulin, blood lipids and nutritional (fatty acid composition of adipose tissue) parameters and has shown that, at least in 38-year-old healthy men, serum triglycerides and the content of alpha-linolenic acid in adipose tissue are the only two parameters whose independent contribution, negative for serum triglycerides and positive for the adipose tissue fatty acid, might explain plasma fibrinolytic activity.
Long-chain n-3 PUFA supplied by the usual diet decrease plasma stearoyl-CoA desaturase index in non-hypertriglyceridemic older adults at high vascular risk; Background & aims: The activity of stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1), the central enzyme in the synthesis of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), has been associated with de novo lipogenesis. In experimental models SCD1 is down-regulated by polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), but clinical studies are scarce. The effect of long-chain n-3 PUFA (LCn-3PUFA) supplied by the regular diet, in the absence of fatty fish or fish oil supplementation, remains to be explored.
Pretreatment with and ongoing use of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters reduce the slow-flow phenomenon and prevent in-stent restenosis in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting; Objective: Carotid artery stenting (CAS) is a less invasive alternative to carotid endarterectomy, but it is essential to prevent thromboembolic complications during CAS and to suppress in-stent restenosis (ISR) after CAS because of the relatively high risk of periprocedural and follow-up stroke events. Clinical trials have demonstrated the strong relationship of carotid plaque vulnerability with the subsequent risk of ipsilateral ischemic stroke and thromboembolic complications during CAS. Recent studies demonstrated that both low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and low docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels were significantly associated with lipid-rich coronary and carotid plaques, but little is known about the effect of administration of omega-3 fatty acids (O-3FAs) containing EPA and DHA before and after CAS for stabilizing carotid plaque, preventing thromboembolic complications, and suppressing ISR. In this study, the efficacy of pretreatment with and ongoing daily use of O-3FA in addition to statin treatment was evaluated in patients undergoing CAS.
Associations between family history of cardiovascular disease, knowledge of cardiovascular disease risk factors and health behaviours; The objective of the study was to examine associations between family history of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), knowledge of CVD risk and protective factors, and health behaviours. The design was via administration of a questionnaire to 307 participants from four general practice centre waiting rooms in the Sydney West area. The most recognised CVD risk factor was smoking (97.7%) and the most recognised CVD protective factor was omega-3 fatty acids (78.5%). After adjustment for age, sex, education attainment and personal history of CVD, a strong family history of premature CVD was associated with being more likely to interpret a blood pressure of 130/85 as a CVD risk factor (OR 2.77, 95% CI 1.07-7.14), but less likely to identify being an ex-smoker (compared with never having smoked before) as a risk factor (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.12-0.90). Those with a strong family history of premature CVD, on average, had smoked 0.82 pack years more than those with an average family history of premature CVD (s.e. 4.22, P = 0.04). In conclusion, there continues to be both strengths and deficits in the community's overall knowledge of CVD risk and protective factors, and a strong family history of premature CVD appears to be an independent risk factor for smoking.
Biochemistry and physiology of eicosanoid precursors in cell membranes; Excessive action of omega-6 eicosanoids formed from the body's omega-6 essential fats occurs in many health disorders, and it can be diminished with dietary omega-3 fats. The current abundance of omega-6 (n-6) eicosanoid-mediated disorders (e.g. thrombotic heart attack and stroke, cardiac arrhythmia, atherogenesis, arthritis, asthma, osteoporosis, tumour metastases, etc.) accompanies n-6 acid intakes that are more than ten times than the adequate level of 0.5% of energy. The n-3 and n-6 highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFAs) are maintained in tissue phospholipids in a competitive, hyperbolic relationship to the dietary abundance of their, 18-carbon polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) precursors. In contrast, 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 acids are maintained in tissue triacylglycerols in a linear proportion to their dietary abundance expressed as percentage of daily caloric energy. The near absence of 20:3n-9 acid in plasma phospholipids in the U.S.A. population reflects very high intakes of polyunsaturated fats that compete with oleate for conversion to tissue HUFAs. The ethnic food combinations for Greenland, Japanese, Mediterranean, and American populations give proportions of omega-6 isomers in the body long-chain acids near 30%, 50% 60% and 80%, respectively. It is of interest that these values mimic clinical outcomes associated with cardiovascular mortalities ranging from 20 to 50 to 90 to 200 per 100 000, respectively. Therapeutic treatment to cut excessive omega-6 eicosanoid signalling has involved billions of dollars being spent to develop and market new pharmaceutical agents while a preventive nutrition approach to cut excessive omega-6 eicosanoid signalling has yet to be applied systematically in dietetics, clinical nutrition and public health. Voluntary choices of food combinations can produce proportions of omega-6 HUFAs and of omega-3 plus omega-6 HUFAs in the total body ranging from 30% to 90%, respectively. Adverse effects of excessive omega-6 eicosanoid signalling can be lowered by two interdependent dietary changes: first, reduce the daily intake of foods overly rich in the precursors of 20:4n-6 acid; and second, simultaneously increase the omega-3 PUFAs in the diet to competitively inhibit the conversion of LA into tissue omega-6 HUFAs. An inter active computer software application has been developed to combine the complex biomedical information on competitive interactions among essential fats and eicosanoids, and to interpret and display the finding in terms of multiple daily food choices understandable by the general public. (C) 2001 The European Society of Cardiology.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy and chromatographic methods identify altered lipid composition in human renal neoplasms; We report on the characterization of the lipid obtained from cortical and medullary normal human kidney tissue, benign renal neoplasms (oncocytoma) and 2 different types of malignant renal neoplasms (chromophobic cell carcinoma and clear cell carcinoma). The total lipid fractions were analyzed by C-13 magnetic resonance spectroscopy and thin-layer chromatography, whereas the composition of the total fatty acids and the content of total cholesterol were determined by gas chromatography. alpha-Tocopherol was detected and quantified by high-performance liquid chromatography. The spectroscopic and chromatographic analysis revealed significant differences in the renal tissues examined. It was confirmed that cholesteryl esters (mainly oleate) are typical of clear cell renal carcinomas. Their potential role as prognostic and diagnostic factors is discussed, with particular emphasis on its capability to indicate the tumor diffusion in healthy renal parenchyma. a-Tocopherol is prevalent in clear cell carcinoma and it is present in nearly the same low amounts in cortex, medulla and chromophobic cell renal carcinoma. Q10 coenzyme and dolichols were detected by thin-layer chromatography and they are present in significant amounts in the cortex and the benign oncocytoma. Great variations were found in the distribution of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids, especially in the docosapentaenoic, docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids and the corresponding omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids ratio.
Vitamin D and Cardiovascular Disease: An Appraisal of the Evidence; BACKGROUND: Supplementation with vitamin D has received attention as a potential cardioprotective strategy. Biologically plausible mechanisms have been proposed to link vitamin D to coronary heart disease (CHD) prevention, and observational studies suggest an inverse association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) concentrations and CHD. Few randomized clinical trials of vitamin D supplementation and CHD have been conducted, however, and no trial with CHD as the primary prespecified outcome has been completed.
THE PROTECTIVE ROLE OF DIETARY UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AGAINST 2-UNDECANONE-INDUCED PUPAL MORTALITY AND DEFORMITY IN HELICOVERPA-ZEA; As previously reported, the addition of 2-undecanone to the diet of Helicoverpa (Heliothis) zea (Boddie) causes pupal mortality and deformity.  These toxic effects are antagonised by the addition of the unsaturated fatty acid linolenic acid to diet, with pupal deformity eliminated and mortality reduced by as much as one-half.  Similar results were obtained with two other unsaturated fatty acids, linoleic and oleic acids, but not with saturated stearic acid.  These unsaturated fatty acids also increased pupal weight and developmental time.  However, measurement of food consumption indicated that the effect of unsaturated fatty acids on pupal mortality is not an artifact of dilution of the fatty acid dietary dosage by an increased body size or of evaporation of 2-undecanone during prolonged larval development.
Beef Fat Enriched with Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Biohydrogenation Products Improves Insulin Sensitivity Without Altering Dyslipidemia in Insulin Resistant JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> Rats; The main dietary sources of trans fatty acids are partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO), and products derived from polyunsaturated fatty acid biohydrogenation (PUFA-BHP) in ruminants. Trans fatty acid intake has historically been associated with negative effects on health, generating an anti-trans fat campaign to reduce their consumption. The profiles and effects on health of PHVO and PUFA-BHP can, however, be quite different. Dairy products naturally enriched with vaccenic and rumenic acids have many purported health benefits, but the putative benefits of beef fat naturally enriched with PUFA-BHP have not been investigated. The objective of the present experiment was to determine the effects of beef peri-renal fat (PRF) with differing enrichments of PUFA-BHP on lipid and insulin metabolism in a rodent model of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance (JCR:LA-cp rat). The results showed that 6 weeks of diet supplementation with beef PRF naturally enriched due to flaxseed (FS-PRF) or sunflower-seed (SS-PRF) feeding to cattle significantly improved plasma fasting insulin levels and insulin sensitivity, postprandial insulin levels (only in the FS-PRF) without altering dyslipidemia. Moreover, FS-PRF but not SS-PRF attenuated adipose tissue accumulation. Therefore, enhancing levels of PUFA-BHP in beef PRF with FS feeding may be a useful approach to maximize the health-conferring value of beef-derived fats.
Ferroptosis precedes apoptosis to facilitate specific death signalling by fatty acids; Cell death is physiologically induced by specific mediators. However, our power to trigger the process in selected cells is quite limited. The protandric shrimp Hippolyte inermis offers a possible answer. Here, we analyse a de novo transcriptome of shrimp post-larvae fed on diatoms. The sex ratio of diatom-fed shrimps versus shrimps fed on control diets was dramatically altered, demonstrating the disruption of the androgenic gland, and their transcriptome revealed key modifications in gene expression. A wide transcriptomic analysis, validated by real-time qPCR, revealed that ferroptosis represents the primary factor to re-shape the body of this invertebrate, followed by further apoptotic events, and our findings open biotechnological perspectives for controlling the destiny of selected tissues. Ferroptosis was detected here for the first time in a crustacean. In addition, this is the first demonstration of a noticeable effect prompted by an ingested food, deeply impacting the gene networks of a young metazoan, definitely determining its future physiology and sexual differentiation.
