Progressing Insights into the Role of Dietary Fats in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease; Dietary fats have important effects on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Abundant evidence shows that partial replacement of saturated fatty acids (SAFA) with unsaturated fatty acids improves the blood lipid and lipoprotein profile and reduces the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Low-fat diets high in refined carbohydrates and sugar are not effective. Very long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 or omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 VLCPUFA) present in fish have multiple beneficial metabolic effects, and regular intake of fatty fish is associated with lower risks of fatal CHD and stroke. Food-based guidelines on dietary fats recommend limiting the consumption of animal fats high in SAFA, using vegetable oils high in mono-unsaturated (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and eating fatty fish. These recommendations are part of a healthy eating pattern that also includes ample intake of plant-based foods rich in fiber and limited sugar and salt.
Sensory evaluation and quality indicators of nutritionally-enhanced egg product with ω-3 rich oils; Nutritionally-enhanced low-cholesterol egg sticks were fortified with omega-3 rich oils (algae, menhaden, flaxseed, canola oil and a blend of these with krill oil); quality indicators were measured and sensory evaluations were conducted. Store-bought eggs were separated and egg whites were mixed with oil, spray dried egg whites, annatto (color) and salt. Experimental egg batters and mixed liquid whole egg (control) were cooked in the shape of a cheese stick, vacuum-packed, and stored at 4 degrees C. Quality indicators (color (L*, a*, b*), texture, pH and lipid oxidation) of egg sticks were measured over a 14-d storage period. There were differences in color, texture and pH between samples (P < 0.05); but these differences were independent of time (P > 0.05). No trend in lipid oxidation was seen over storage time (P > 0.05). Egg sticks were evaluated by a consumer panel of 56 participants for color, odor, flavor, texture between fingers, mouth feel and overall acceptability with a 9-point scale (1 = dislike extremely; 9 = like extremely). Panelists also ranked samples for preference. Differences were reported in attributes between samples (P < 0.05) but all samples were positively perceived, with a combined average overall acceptability score of 5.9. Ranking results support this conclusion with no significant differences in preference (P > 0.05). The results indicate that the experimental eggs were accepted by consumers on the same level as mixed whole eggs and suggest market potential for this type of product. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Managing Comorbid Mood Disorders in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): A Review; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is the third-leading cause of mortality globally, significantly affecting people over 40 years old. COPD is often comorbid with mood disorders; however, they are frequently neglected or undiagnosed in COPD management, thus resulting in unintended treatment outcomes and higher mortality associated with the disease. Although the exact link between COPD and mood disorders remains to be ascertained, there is a broader opinion that inflammatory reactions in the lungs, blood, and inflammation-induced changes in the brain could orchestrate the onset of mood disorders in COPD. Although the current management of mood disorders such as depression in COPD involves using antidepressants, their use has been limited due to tolerability issues. On the other hand, as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) play a vital role in regulating inflammatory responses, they could be promising alternatives in managing mood disorders in COPD. This review discusses comorbid mood disorders in COPD as well as their influence on the progression and management of COPD. The underlying mechanisms of comorbid mood disorders in COPD will also be discussed, along with the potential role of n-3 PUFAs in managing these conditions.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids might improve the clinical outcomes of patients undergoing acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome. However, the results remained controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the effect of omega-3 fatty acids for acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome. Methods: PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO, and Cochrane library databases were systematically searched. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effect of omega-3 fatty acids versus placebo on acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome were included. Two investigators independently searched articles, extracted data, and assessed the quality of included studies. The primary outcome was PaO2/FiO(2). Meta-analysis was performed using random-effect model. Results: Five RCTs involving 428 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, compared with control intervention in acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome, omega 3 fatty acids intervention was found to significantly improve PaO2/FiO(2) (Std. mean difference=32.60; 95% CI=4.13 to 61.08; P=0.02), reduce ICU-free day (Std. mean difference=-0.26; 95% CI=-0.48 to -0.05; P=0.02) and ventilator-free day (Std. mean difference=-0.31; 95% CI=-0.53 to -0.10; P=0.005), but had no influence on mortality (RR=0.95; 95% CI=0.54 to 1.65; P=0.85). Conclusions: Omega-3 fatty acids intervention should be recommended in patients with acute lung injury or acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Effectiveness and safety of omega-3 fatty acids for the prevention of ischemic complications following carotid artery stenting: An early terminated pilot study; Background: We aimed to study the possible beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in carotid artery stenting (CAS) procedure for decreasing post-procedural ischemic complications. Although previous evidence demonstrated that omega-3 PUFAs, present in fish oil, can significantly enhance platelet response to antiplatelet agents after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), it is unknown whether they can be used in patients undergoing CAS.
RETRACTED: Dietary Intake of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Endocrine-Related Gynecological Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies (Retracted article. See vol. 52, pg. 334, 2020); Purpose
Protection against Oxygen-Glucose Deprivation/Reperfusion Injury in Cortical Neurons by Combining Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Acid with <i>Lyciumbarbarum</i> Polysaccharide; Ischemic stroke, characterized by the disturbance of the blood supply to the brain, is a severe worldwide health threat with high mortality and morbidity. However, there is no effective pharmacotherapy for ischemic injury. Currently, combined treatment is highly recommended for this devastating injury. In the present study, we investigated neuroprotective effects of the combination of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) and Lyciumbarbarum polysaccharide (LBP) on cortical neurons using an in vitro ischemic model. Our study demonstrated that treatment with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a major component of the omega-3 PUFAs family, significantly inhibited the increase of intracellular Ca2+ in cultured wild type (WT) cortical neurons subjected to oxygen-glucose deprivation/reperfusion (OGD/R) injury and promoted their survival compared with the vehicle-treated control. The protective effects were further confirmed in cultured neurons with high endogenous omega-3 PUFAs that were isolated from fat-1 mice, in that a higher survival rate was found in fat-1 neurons compared with wild-type neurons after OGD/R injury. Our study also found that treatment with LBP (50 mg/L) activated Trk-B signaling in cortical neurons and significantly attenuated OGD/R-induced cell apoptosis compared with the control. Notably, both combining LBP treatment with omega-3 PUFAs administration to WT neurons and adding LBP to fat-1 neurons showed enhanced effects on protecting cortical neurons against OGD/R injury via concurrently regulating the intracellular calcium overload and neurotrophic pathway. The results of the study suggest that omega-3 PUFAs and LBP are promising candidates for combined pharmacotherapy for ischemic stroke.
Fish Oil and Heart Health; Large controlled trials have shown that intake of fish oil (marine n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid), whether from dietary sources or fish oil supplements, may exhibit beneficial effects on total and cardiovascular disease mortality. Stabilization of cell membranes and suppression of cardiac arrhythmias have been identified as possible mechanisms. Moreover, n-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory effects, reduce blood pressure, and may also be antiatherogenic. Finally, high doses of n-3 fatty acids can lower elevated serum triglyceride levels. The n-3 index (erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid) may be considered as a potential risk marker for coronary heart disease mortality, especially sudden cardiac death. The balance of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids is an important determinant in decreasing the risk for coronary heart disease, both in the primary and in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. Patients with known coronary heart disease should be recommended to consume n-3 fatty acid supplements at I g per day, without raising concerns for interactions with other medications or side effects. On the other hand, fish in the diet (preferably oily fish, 1-2 meals/week) should be considered as part of a healthy diet low in saturated fat.
Dietary enrichment of milk and dairy products with n-3 fatty acids: A review; Milk and dairy products are important sources of nutrients in the human diet; however, they are also the main sources of saturated fatty acids (FAs) that can cause an increase in the risk of cardiometabolic and cardiovascular disease. Unfortunately, the n-3 FAs that are known for their health benefits are found in small amounts in normal ruminant milk fat and dairy products. Dietary supplementation with vegetable seeds or oils rich in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and grass-based feeding can enhance the content of n-3 FAs, particularly ALA, in milk and dairy products. Alternatively, ruminants are often supplemented with fish meal, fish oil and microalgae that are rich in the long-chain n-3 FAs eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. In this paper, the latest scientific studies regarding n-3 FA enrichment in milk and dairy products are reviewed, giving an overview of the effectiveness of the different supplementation approaches. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circulating Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Total and Cause-Specific Mortality The Cardiovascular Health Study; Background-Although omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFA) have been recommended to reduce coronary heart disease (CHD), controversy remains about benefits versus harms, including concerns over theorized proinflammatory effects of n-6 PUFA. We investigated associations of circulating n-6 PUFA including linoleic acid (the major dietary PUFA), gamma-linolenic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid, with total and cause-specific mortality in the Cardiovascular Health Study, a community-based U. S. cohort.
INFLUENCE OF THE PHOSPHOLIPID N-6 N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID RATIO ON THE MITOCHONDRIAL OXIDATIVE-METABOLISM BEFORE AND AFTER MYOCARDIAL-ISCHEMIA; The influence of dietary n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on heart pump function and mitochondrial energy metabolism was investigated before and after ischemia. Weanling male Wistar rats were fed for 8 weeks a diet containing either 10% of sunflower seed oil (SSO group) or 10% of a 1:1 (w/w) mixture of fish oil and sunflower seed oil (FO group). The hearts were perfused according to the working mode for 15 min with a Krebs-Henseleit medium containing glucose (11 mM), insulin (10 IU/L) and caprylic acid (25 mu M). They were then either maintained in normoxic conditions (70 min) or subjected to a global no-flow normothermic ischemia (20 min) followed by reperfusion (50 min). The aortic and coronary flows were monitored at 5-min intervals. The lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release in the coronary effluent was evaluated in the control hearts and during ischemia/reperfusion. At the end of the perfusion, two subpopulations of mitochondria were prepared from each heart, by either mechanical or enzyme extraction (ME and EE mitochondria, respectively). The succinate dehydrogenase (SDH) activity was evaluated. Furthermore, the respiration parameters were assessed with either glutamate (20 mM) or palmitoylcarnitine (25 mu M) as substrate. Substituting sunflower seed oil by fish oil in the diet provoked a large decrease in the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio of cardiac phospholipids. The n-3 PUFA enrichment did not alter the coronary and aortic flows nor the LDH release in physiological conditions. Conversely, during post-ischemic reperfusion, the increased amount of n-3 PUFA improved the recovery of aortic flow and decreased the LDH release, without affecting significantly the coronary now. in ME and EE mitochondria, the phospholipid n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was similarly modified by the dietary manipulations. The analysis of total cardiac SDH activity suggested an ischemia-induced oedema, of similar magnitude in the two dietary groups. However, neither dietary manipulations nor ischemia influenced the mitochondrial extraction. Similarly, the parameters of glutamate oxidation were also unaffected. Conversely, with palmitoylcarnitine, post-ischemic reperfusion induced a decrease in both state III respiration rate and energy production which were more important in the EE mitochondria of the SSO group. These results suggest that the recovery of mitochondrial energy metabolism and myocardial pump function during reperfusion may be improved in n-3 PUFA-rich hearts. This could be related to a lower injury in n-3 PUFA-rich membranes. Since cardiac function in physiological conditions was not affected by the diet, fish oil could be considered as a beneficial factor to limit heart injury during ischemia and reperfusion.
Effects of C18 Fatty Acids on Intracellular Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> Mobilization and Histamine Release in RBL-2H3 Cells; To investigate the underlying mechanisms of C18 fatty acids (stearic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid) on mast cells, we measured the effect of C18 fatty acids on intracellular Ca2+ mobilization and histamine release in RBL-2H3 mast cells. Stearic acid rapidly increased initial peak of intracellular Ca2+ mobilization, whereas linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid gradually increased this mobilization. In the absence of extracellular Ca2+, stearic acid (100 mu M) did not cause any increase of intracellular Ca2+ mobilization. Both linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid increased intracellular Ca2+ mobilization, but the increase was smaller than that in the presence of extracellular Ca2+. These results suggest that C18 fatty acid-induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization is mainly dependent on extracellular Ca2+ influx. Verapamil dose-dependently inhibited stearic acid-induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization, but did not affect both linoleic acid-and alpha- linolenic acid-induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization. These data suggest that the underlying mechanism of stearic acid, linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid on intracellular Ca2+ mobilization may differ. Linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid significantly increased histamine release. Linoleic acid (C18:2: omega -6)-induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization and histamine release were more prominent than alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3: omega-3). These data support the view that the intake of more alpha-linolenic acid than linoleic acid is useful in preventing inflammation.
The Effect of Low-Dose Marine n-3 Fatty Acids on Plasma Levels of sCD36 in Overweight Subjects: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; CD36 is a scavenger receptor involved in lipid uptake and inflammation. Recently, non-cell-bound CD36 (sCD36) was identified in plasma and suggested to be a marker of lipid accumulation in the vessel wall. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may have cardioprotective effects. This study evaluated the effect of marine n-3 PUFA on sCD36 levels in overweight subjects. Fifty overweight subjects were randomized to 1.1 g of n-3 PUFA or 2 g of olive oil daily for six weeks. Neutrophils were isolated at baseline and after six weeks of treatment while an adipose tissue biopsy was obtained at baseline. The content of n-3 PUFA in adipose tissue and neutrophils was analyzed by gas chromatography, while plasma levels of sCD36 were determined using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). After six weeks of supplement plasma sCD36 did not differ between supplements (P = 0.18). There was no significant correlation between plasma sCD36 levels and n-3 PUFA in neutrophils at baseline (r = -0.02, P = 0.88), after six weeks supplement (r = -0.03, P = 0.85) or in adipose tissue (r = 0.14, P = 0.34). This study therefore does not provide evidence for a cardioprotective effect of n-3 PUFA acting through a CD36-dependent mechanism.
Omega-3 fatty acid blood levels are inversely associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in HFpEF patients: the Aldo-DHF randomized controlled trial; Objectives To evaluate associations of omega-3 fatty acid (O3-FA) blood levels with cardiometabolic risk markers, functional capacity and cardiac function/morphology in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF). Background O3-FA have been linked to reduced risk for HF and associated phenotypic traits in experimental/clinical studies. Methods This is a cross-sectional analysis of data from the Aldo-DHF-RCT. From 422 patients, the omega-3-index (O3I = EPA + DHA) was analyzed at baseline in n = 404 using the HS-Omega-3-Index(R) methodology. Patient characteristics were; 67 +/- 8 years, 53% female, NYHA II/III (87/13%), ejection fraction >= 50%, E/e ' 7.1 +/- 1.5; median NT-proBNP 158 ng/L (IQR 82-298). Pearson's correlation coefficient and multiple linear regression analyses, using sex and age as covariates, were used to describe associations of the O3I with metabolic phenotype, functional capacity, echocardiographic markers for LVDF, and neurohumoral activation at baseline/12 months. Results The O3I was below (< 8%), within (8-11%), and higher (> 11%) than the target range in 374 (93%), 29 (7%), and 1 (0.2%) patients, respectively. Mean O3I was 5.7 +/- 1.7%. The O3I was inversely associated with HbA1c (r = - 0.139, p = 0.006), triglycerides-to-HDL-C ratio (r = - 0.12, p = 0.017), triglycerides (r = - 0.117, p = 0.02), non-HDL-C (r = - 0.101, p = 0.044), body-mass-index (r = - 0.149, p = 0.003), waist circumference (r = - 0.121, p = 0.015), waist-to-height ratio (r = - 0.141, p = 0.005), and positively associated with submaximal aerobic capacity (r = 0.113, p = 0.023) and LVEF (r = 0.211, p < 0.001) at baseline. Higher O3I at baseline was predictive of submaximal aerobic capacity (beta = 15.614, p < 0,001), maximal aerobic capacity (beta = 0.399, p = 0.005) and LVEF (beta = 0.698, p = 0.007) at 12 months. Conclusions Higher O3I was associated with a more favorable cardiometabolic risk profile and predictive of higher submaximal/maximal aerobic capacity and lower BMI/truncal adiposity in HFpEF patients. Graphic abstract Omega-3 fatty acid blood levels are inversely associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in HFpEF patients. Higher O3I was associated with a more favorable cardiometabolic risk profile and aerobic capacity (left) but did not correlate with echocardiographic markers for left ventricular diastolic function or neurohumoral activation (right). An O3I-driven intervention trial might be warranted to answer the question whether O3-FA in therapeutic doses (with the target O3I 8-11%) impact on echocardiographic markers for left ventricular diastolic function and neurohumoral activation in patients with HFpEF. This figure contains modified images from Servier Medical Art () licensed by a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.
Can n-3 PUFA reduce cardiac arrhythmias? Results of a clinical trial; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) derived from fatty fish or fish oil may reduce the incidence of lethal myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death. This might be due to a prevention of fatal cardiac arrhythmias. So far, however, only few clinical data are available being adequate to define indications for an antiarrhythmic treatment with n-3 PUFA.
Engineering of an ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing nanoemulsion system for combination C6-ceramide and 17β-estradiol delivery and bioactivity in human vascular endothelial and smooth muscle cells; Delayed endothelial cell (EC) regeneration and the medial vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) proliferation contribute to arterial restenosis. Although omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), 17 beta-estradiol (17-beta E) and C6-ceramide (CER) have shown therapeutic promise in addressing restenosis, extensive protein binding and lipophilicity complicate their (co-)delivery to cellular targets. We report engineering of an omega-3-PUFA-rich oil-in-water nanoemulsion formulation that effectively delivers 17-beta E and CER cargo to cultured vascular cells. The cargo-free, omega-3-PUFA-rich nanoemulsion itself typically reduced growth factor-stimulated cellular proliferation, as did nanoemulsion-delivered CER alone, through enhanced pro-apoptotic caspase 3/7 activity. 17-beta E loaded nanoemulsion inhibited VSMC proliferation and supported EC proliferation, responses associated with the mitogen-activated-protein-kinase (MAPK) signaling. Co-administration of 17-beta E and CER loaded nanoemulsions exerted an anti-proliferative effect more pronounced on VSMCs than ECs. These therapeutically beneficial responses to omega-3-PUFA, CER, and/or 17-beta E in our nanoemulsion formulation invite evaluation of this novel approach in animal models of restenosis and other occlusive vasculopathies. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Plant sterols, Omega-3 fatty acids and bio-active peptides The packaged food industry's recipe for a healthy heart; Heart healthy fortified functional foods have been extremely successful in recent years. The most commonly fortified foods are yoghurt, bread, milk and spreadable oils and fats. Widely used functional ingredients in these products are plant sterols and stanols, Omega-3 fatty acids and Bio-active peptides, with more niche ingredients such as soluble fibre. Squalene and antioxidants also becoming increasingly visible. It is estimated that over 200 heart health related products were launched globally in 2009. In the same year global sales of heart healthy fortified/functional oils, yoghurts, milk and breads reached EUR 2.5 billion, with Western Europe accounting for 64 percent of these sales at EUR1.6 billion. With cardiovascular disease as the leading cause of death in Europe, accounting for about 48 percent of deaths, it is no surprise that heart healthy fortified functional foods are faring so well. They are third in terms of sales of fortified functional foods in Western Europe following closely behind Digestive Health and Immune Support. Despite challenges facing the market for these products such as questions of credibility and price conscious consumers, they are expected to continue their impressive performance with new brands, product formats and health claims likely to emerge.
Omega-3 fatty acids in obesity and metabolic syndrome: a mechanistic update; Strategies to reduce obesity have become public health priorities as the prevalence of obesity has risen in the United States and around the world. While the anti-inflammatory and hypotriglyceridemic properties of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are well known, their antiobesity effects and efficacy against metabolic syndrome, especially in humans, are still under debate. In animal models, evidence consistently suggests a role for n-3 PUFAs in reducing fat mass, particularly in the retroperitoneal and epididymal regions. In humans, however, published research suggests that though n-3 PUFAs may not aid weight loss, they may attenuate further weight gain and could be useful in the diet or as a supplement to help maintain weight loss. Proposed mechanisms by which n-3 PUFAs may work to improve body composition and counteract obesity-related metabolic changes include modulating lipid metabolism; regulating adipokines, such as adiponectin and leptin; alleviating adipose tissue inflammation; promoting adipogenesis and altering epigenetic mechanisms. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Improved Oxygen Uptake Efficiency Parameters Are Not Correlated with VO<sub>2peak</sub> or Running Economy and Are Not Affected by Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Endurance Runners; Peak oxygen uptake (VO2peak) is one of the most reliable parameters of exercise capacity; however, maximum effort is required to achieve this. Therefore, alternative, and repeatable submaximal parameters, such as running economy (RE), are needed. Thus, we evaluated the suitability of oxygen uptake efficiency (OUE), oxygen uptake efficiency plateau (OUEP) and oxygen uptake efficiency at the ventilatory anaerobic threshold (OUE@VAT) as alternatives for VO2peak and RE. Moreover, we evaluated how these parameters are affected by endurance training and supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids. A total of 26 amateur male runners completed a 12-week endurance program combined with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation or medium-chain triglycerides as a placebo. Before and after the intervention, the participants were subjected to a treadmill test to determine VO2peak, RE, OUE, OUEP and OUE@VAT. Blood was collected at the same timepoints to determine eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in erythrocytes. OUE correlated moderately or weakly with VO2peak (R-2 = 0.338, p = 0.002) and (R-2 = 0.226, p = 0.014) before and after the intervention, respectively. There was a weak or no correlation between OUEP, OUE@VAT, VO2peak and RE despite steeper OUE, increased OUEP and OUE@VAT values in all participants. OUE parameters cannot be treated as alternative parameters for VO2peak or RE and did not show changes following supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids in male amateur endurance runners.
The effect of omega-3 carboxylic acids on apolipoprotein CIII-containing lipoproteins in severe hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: Lipoprotein subspecies containing apoCIII adversely affect cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; for example, low density lipoprotein (LDL) with apoCIII is a stronger CVD predictor than LDL without apoCIII. The Epanova for Lowering Very High Triglycerides (EVOLVE) trial showed that Epanova (omega-3 carboxylic acids [0M3-CA]) significantly lowered TG and apoCIII but raised LDL-C. However, it is unknown what subspecies of LDL were affected by treatment.
Long-chain n-3 fatty acids in lipid rafts: implications for anti-inflammatory effects; Emerging evidence indicates that dietary intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids changes the lipid composition of lipid rafts and caveolae, which are cholesterol- and sphingolipid-rich microdomains of the plasma membrane. Membrane proteins that are involved in signal transduction events relevant to inflammation are specifically localised to these microdomains. By altering the lipid composition of the membrane microdomains, n-3 fatty acids have the potential to modulate these signalling events and exert anti-inflammatory actions.
Evaluation of Lipid Profiles and the Use of Omega-3 Essential Fatty Acid in Professional Football Players; Background: Recent research showed 82% of 233 retired National Football League players under age 50 had abnormal narrowing and blockages in arteries compared to the general population of the same age. It has been suggested that early screening and intervention in this at-risk population be a priority.
Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids plus vitamin E restore immunodeficiency and prolong survival for severely ill patients with generalized malignancy - A randomized control trial; BACKGROUND. The aim of the current prospective, randomized control study was to investigate the effect of dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids plus vitamin E on the immune status and survival of well-nourished and malnourished patients with generalized malignancy.
Effect of omega-3 acids on clinical evolution, plasma inflammatory biomarkers and B-type natriuretic peptide levels in patients with coronary heart disease; Background and objective: The consumption of fish has been associated with a minor risk of cardiovascular mortality.
Oral supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and inflammation markers in patients with chronic kidney disease in hemodialysis; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an increasingly common public health problem that increases the risk of death because of cardiovascular complications by 2-3 times compared with the general population. This research concerns a prospective, randomized, double-blind study in patients with CKD undergoing hemodialysis. The participants were assigned to 1 of 2 groups: the study group (group A; 46 patients) received 4 capsules (2.4 g) of omega-3 fatty acids daily during the 12-week intervention, while patients in the control group (group B; 47 patients) received 4 capsules of paraffin oil. The patients' general characteristics, nutritional indicators, renal disease markers and inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10, and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha)) were evaluated. No differences were found between the general characteristics of the patients (P < 0.05), and no differences were shown in the nutritional indicators and markers of kidney disease (P < 0.05). Patients in group A showed significant decreases in levels of C-reactive protein, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and the IL-10/IL-6 ratio after 12 weeks of supplementation (P < 0.05). Patients in group B did not show any significant changes in concentrations of inflammatory markers during the intervention (P < 0.05). In conclusion, oral supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids produces a significant decrease in the concentrations of inflammation markers in patients with chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis.
Dietary fats and dietary cholesterol and risk of stroke in women; Background: Whether intakes of dietary fat and cholesterol are associated with risk of stroke remain unclear. We examined the associations between intakes of total fat, specific types of fat, and cholesterol and risk of stroke in a prospective cohort of women.
Biochemical and Metabolical Pathways Associated with Microbiota-Derived Butyrate in Colorectal Cancer and Omega-3 Fatty Acids Implications: A Narrative Review; Knowledge regarding the influence of the microbial community in cancer promotion or protection has expanded even more through the study of bacterial metabolic products and how they can modulate cancer risk, which represents an extremely challenging approach for the relationship between intestinal microbiota and colorectal cancer (CRC). This review discusses research progress on the effect of bacterial dysbiosis from a metabolic point of view, particularly on the biochemical mechanisms of butyrate, one of the main short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) with anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor properties in CRC. Increased daily intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) significantly increases the density of bacteria that are known to produce butyrate. Omega-3 PUFAs have been proposed as a treatment to prevent gut microbiota dysregulation and lower the risk or progression of CRC.
Delayed Docosahexaenoic Acid Treatment Combined with Dietary Supplementation of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Promotes Long-Term Neurovascular Restoration After Ischemic Stroke; Prophylactic dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) has been shown to remarkably ameliorate ischemic brain injury. However, the therapeutic efficacy of n-3 PUFA administration post-stroke, especially its impact on neurovascular remodeling and long-term neurological recovery, has not been fully characterized thus far. In this study, we investigated the effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation, as well as in combination with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) injections, on long-term stroke outcomes. Mice were subjected to transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) before randomly assigned to four groups to receive the following: (1) low dose of n-3 PUFAs as the vehicle control, (2) intraperitoneal DHA injections, (3) n-3 PUFA dietary supplement, or (4) combined treatment of (2) and (3). Neurological deficits and brain atrophy, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, and glial scar formation were assessed up to 28 days after MCAO. Results revealed that groups 2 and 3 showed only marginal reduction in post-stroke tissue loss and attenuation of cognitive deficits. Interestingly, group 4 exhibited significantly reduced tissue atrophy and improved cognitive functions compared to groups 2 and 3 with just a single treatment. Mechanistically, the combined treatment promoted post-stroke neurogenesis and angiogenesis, as well as reduced glial scar formation, all of which significantly correlated with the improved spatial memory in the Morris water maze. These results demonstrate an effective therapeutic regimen to enhance neurovascular restoration and long-term cognitive recovery in the mouse model of MCAO. Combined post-stroke DHA treatment and n-3 PUFA dietary supplementation thus may be a potential clinically translatable therapy for stroke or related brain disorders.
MARGARINES AND CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; In a previous paper we predicted that health effects of dietary fats in humans would require half a century or more to be understood, instead of the decade or so predicted during 1956 by an Editorial in The Lancet (1). It would seem that our prediction may have been optimistic since it has now been reported that trans unsaturated fatty acids present in high concentrations in margarines promote hypercholesterolemia in humans (2). Consequently, there has been a call for the reclassification of dietary fats upon the basis of their hypercholesterolemic properties (3). Using the latter criterion, therefore, many margarine brands would be classified as coronary artery disease risk foods. The primary adverse metabolic action of trans unsaturated fatty acids is the competitive inhibition of delta-6-desaturase, the hepatic enzyme responsible for the initial metabolic desaturation of the essential fatty acids cis linoleic and cis alpha-linolenic acid. In addition to margarines, many other common foods such as deep-fried foods, many convenience foods and bakery products contain relatively high levels of trans fatty acids. Therefore, since it has become virtually impossible to avoid a consistent, daily dietary intake of trans fatty acids, it would appear that a precautionary, preventative supplementation of the diet with supplements containing the direct metabolic products of delta-6-desaturation of the essential fatty acids, would be prudent. Such supplements are readily available.
Mechanisms of omega-3 fatty acid-induced growth inhibition in MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells; The omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), inhibit the growth of human breast cancer cells in animal models and cell lines, but the mechanism by which this occurs is not well understood. In order to explore possible mechanisms for the modulation of breast cancer cell growth by omega-3 fatty acids, we examined the effects of EPA and DHA on the human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231. Omega-3 fatty acids (a combination of EPA and DHA) inhibited the growth of MDA-MB-231 cells by 30-40% (p < 0.05) in both the presence and absence of linoleic acid, an essential omega-6 fatty acid. When provided individually, DHA was more potent than EPA in inhibiting the growth of MDA-MB-231 cells (p < 0.05). EPA and DHA treatment decreased tumor cell proliferation (p < 0.05), as estimated by decreased [methyl-H-3]-thymidine uptake and expression of proliferation-associated proteins (proliferating cell nuclear antigen, PCNA, and proliferation-related kinase, PRK). In addition, EPA and DHA induced apoptosis, as indicated by a loss of mitochondrial membrane potential, increased caspase activity and increased DNA fragmentation (p < 0.05). Cells incubated with omega-3 fatty acids demonstrated decreased Akt phosphorylation, as well as NF kappa B DNA binding activity (p < 0.05). The results of this study indicate that omega-3 fatty acids decrease cell proliferation and induce apoptotic cell death in human breast cancer cells, possibly by decreasing signal transduction through the Akt/NF kappa B cell survival pathway.
Effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic indices in patients with coronary artery disease: A double-blinded randomized controlled trial; Introduction: It has been established that omega 3 fatty acids have cardio-protective effects through modulation of cardiometabolic risk factors via multiple mechanisms. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of flaxseed oil on anthropometric indices and lipid profile in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD).
The Beyond Ageing Project Phase 2-a double-blind, selective prevention, randomised, placebo-controlled trial of omega-3 fatty acids and sertraline in an older age cohort at risk for depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Late-life depression is associated with high rates of morbidity, premature mortality, disability, functional decline, caregiver burden and increased health care costs. While clinical and public health approaches are focused on prevention or early intervention strategies, the ideal method of intervention remains unclear. No study has set out to evaluate the role of neurobiological agents in preventing depressive symptoms in older populations at risk of depression.
Addition of omega-3 carboxylic acids to statin therapy in patients with persistent hypertriglyceridemia; The incidence of hypertriglyceridemia has grown alongside that of obesity. Statin therapy has been widely recommended for the treatment of dyslipidemias. Omega-3 (OM3) fatty acid concentrates are commonly prescribed concurrently with statins in patients with persistent hypertriglyceridemia for additional lowering of triglyceride and non-HDL cholesterol. The bioavailability of currently available OM3 ethyl ester drugs is limited by their need for hydrolysis by pancreatic lipases, largely stimulated by dietary fat, prior to intestinal absorption. This review will discuss the chemistry, pharmacokinetics and clinical efficacy of a novel OM3 carboxylic acid drug that provides polyunsaturated docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids in the free fatty acid form, which is readily absorbed by the intestine. This drug was approved in May 2014 as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride levels in adults with severe (>= 500 mg/dl) hypertriglyceridemia.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids are not associated with Peripheral Artery Disease in a Meta-Analysis from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis and Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study Cohorts; Background: Research suggests omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) exert favorable effects on several biological processes involved in the development and progression of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However, studies examining the relationship between omega-3 PUFAs and peripheral artery disease (PAD) are scarce. Objectives: We evaluated the associations between omega-3 PUFAs and incident PAD in a meta-analysis of the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) and Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study cohorts. Methods: Omega -3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were measured at baseline for all MESA (n = 6495) and Minnesota ARIC participants (n = 3612). Incident clinical PAD events (MESA n = 106; ARIC n = 149) identified primarily through ICD discharge codes were assessed through follow-up of each cohort. Associations between omega-3 PUFAs (EPA, DHA, and EPA+DHA) and incident PAD were modeled in MESA and ARIC as quartiles and continuously using Cox proportional hazards regression, respectively. A fixed-effects meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate associations in the 2 cohorts combined. Results: In the fully adjusted model, in 10,107 participants, no significant associations were observed between EPA, DHA, or EPA+DHA, and incident PAD modeled as quartiles or continuously for either MESA or ARIC cohorts separately or in the meta-analysis after a follow-up of approximately 15 y. Conclusion: This study is consistent with previous literature indicating that the beneficial effects of omega-3 PUFAs on the markers of ASCVD may not translate to a clinically meaningful decrease in PAD risk.
A dietary combination of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids is more efficient than single supplementations in the prevention of retinal damage induced by elevation of intraocular pressure in rats; To evaluate the effect of a dietary combination of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) compared to single PUFA supplementations on the outcome of a substantial elevation of intraocular pressure (IOP) in rats.
Impact of cooked functional meat enriched with omega-3 fatty acids and rosemary extract on inflammatory and oxidative status; A randomised, double-blind, crossover study; Background & Aim: n-3 fatty acid intake has been associated with inflammatory benefits in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Functionalising meat may be of great interest. The aim of the present study was to assess the effect of functional meat containing n-3 and rosemary extract on inflammatory and oxidative status markers in subjects with risk for CVD.
The effect of omega-3 supplements on the serum levels of ACE/ACE2 ratio as a potential key in cardiovascular disease: A randomized clinical trial in participants with vitamin D deficiency; Objective: The aim of this randomized controlled clinical trial was to determine the effect of the omega-3 fatty acid supplementations 300 mg per day for 8 weeks on the serum levels of ACE/ACE2 ratio in Jordanian participants with vitamin D deficiency (VDD). Methods: The physical and clinical characteristic of individuals in both intervention and control randomized controlled clinical trial were measured and analyzed. The comparisons between the two groups and the changes in each group before and after taking omega-3 doses were studied through independent t test and paired t test, respectively. Possible factors that have a role in the changes were determined by multivariate stepwise regression. Follow-up period lasted 10 weeks. Results: The sample consisted of 82 participants with VDD and a mean age of 37.85 +/- 9.85 years. Omega-3 Supplements resulted in a significant decrease in serum ACE levels, ACE/ACE2 ratio and serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). While the change in serum ACE2 levels and serum triglycerides levels were insignificant. Also, a significant increase in serum LDL levels were observed. Conclusion: It is possible that taking high doses of omega-3 fatty acid supplementations have positive effects on the heart and circulatory system and could protect from COVID-19 or decrease disease severity, in connection with a decrease in the ACE/ACE 2 ratio. On the other hand, omega-3 supplement may have negative effect on cardiovascular system due to the significant increase in serum LDL levels.
THE EFFECT OF DIETARY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON INVIVO PLATELET-AGGREGATION IN THE CEREBRAL MICROCIRCULATION; Diets enriched in n-3 fish oil have been suggested to decrease coronary artery disease in part through their ability to decrease cyclooxygenase-dependent platelet aggregation. However little is known concerning the effect of n-3 fatty acids on in vivo platelet aggregation. The purpose of these experiments was to determine whether dietary n-3 fatty acids affect the rate at which platelet aggregation occurs in cerebral arterioles. Fish oil (200 mg eicosapentaenoic acid + 143 mg docosahexaenoic acid/kg), corn oil or water was given daily by gavage to mice (n=30) for six weeks and then in vivo platelet aggregation was induced by the light plus dye method, which injures the endothelium. Two additional groups of mice were acutely treated with saline or indomethacin (0.5 mg/kg, ip), with the latter serving as a positive control for therapeutic inhibition of platelet aggregation. Serum thromboxane B2 was analyzed by RIA. All fed groups gained weight equally. Serum thromboxane B2 was decreased by 40% in the fish oil group (p = 0.05 vs. com oil, p = 0.07 vs. water). The mean (+/- SE) time to first aggregate in pial arterioles was 101 +/- 6, 91 +/- 6 and 101 +/- 9 seconds in the fish oil, corn oil and water groups, respectively. Indomethacin significantly increased the time to first arteriolar aggregate by 35% (p < 0.002) and caused an 80% reduction in serum thromboxane. These studies show dietary fish oil produces a moderate reduction in serum TxB2 level and does not affect arteriolar platelet aggregation whereas indomethacin produces a drastic TxB2 reduction and significantly slows platelet aggregation. The anti-hemostasis effect of n-3 fish oils reported by others may involve mechanisms in addition to reduction of platelet thromboxane formation.
Maternal n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Enriched Diet Commands Fatty Acid Composition in Postnatal Brain and Protects from Neonatal Arterial Focal Stroke; The fetus is strongly dependent on nutrients from the mother, including polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). In adult animals, n-3 PUFA ameliorates stroke-mediated brain injury, but the modulatory effects of different PUFA content in maternal diet on focal arterial stroke in neonates are unknown. This study explored effects of maternal n-3 or n-6 enriched PUFA diets on neonatal stroke outcomes. Pregnant mice were assigned three isocaloric diets until offspring reached postnatal day (P) 10-13: standard, long-chain n-3 PUFA (n-3) or n-6 PUFA (n-6) enriched. Fatty acid profiles in plasma and brain of mothers and pups were determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and cytokines/chemokines by multiplex protein analysis. Transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO) was induced in P9-10 pups and cytokine and chemokine accumulation, caspase-3 and calpain-dependent spectrin cleavage and brain infarct volume were analyzed. The n-3 diet uniquely altered brain lipid profile in naive pups. In contrast, cytokine and chemokine levels did not differ between n-3 and n-6 diet in naive pups. tMCAO triggered accumulation of inflammatory cytokines and caspase-3-dependent and -independent cell death in ischemic-reperfused regions in pups regardless of diet, but magnitude of neuroinflammation and caspase-3 activation were attenuated in pups on n-3 diet, leading to protection against neonatal stroke. In conclusion, maternal/postnatal n-3 enriched diet markedly rearranges neonatal brain lipid composition and modulates the response to ischemia. While standard diet is sufficient to maintain low levels of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines under physiological conditions, n-3 PUFA enriched diet, but not standard diet, attenuates increases of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines in ischemic-reperfused regions and protects from neonatal stroke.
The effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on clinical and biochemical parameters of critically ill patients with COVID-19: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3-PUFAs) may exert beneficial effects on the immune system of patients with viral infections. This paper aimed to examine the effect of n3-PUFA supplementation on inflammatory and biochemical markers in critically ill patients with COVID-19.
Anti-arrhythmic properties of n-3 poly-unsatu rated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA); Omega-3 fatty acids (Poly-Unsaturated Fatty Acids or PUFA n-3) have been initially found to reduce plasma levels of triglycerides and to increase levels of high-density lipoprotein in patients with marked hypertriglyceridemia. However, in both bench research studies and clinical trials, omega-3 fatty acid intake has recently been associated with an anti-arrhythmic efficacy. At experimental level, n-3 PUFA administration produces several actions on ionic channels regulating transmembrane action potential. At clinical level, the most significant finding was the reduction in the incidence of sudden death in survivors of MI in the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico (GISSI)-Prevention trial and the subsequent recommendation for administration of fish oil as part of the post-infarction regimen in European guidelines. More recently, Omega-3 fatty acids administration has been associated with a lower incidence of atrial fibrillation in patients who underwent cardiac surgery. Contrasting results have been instead reported in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators. This article reviews in detail the basic and clinical research studies of fish oil as an anti-arrhythmic entity, the types of arrhythmias that have been beneficially affected by fish oil administration, and the presumed and known mechanisms by which the beneficial actions are exerted.
Effects of supplementing n-3 fatty acid enriched eggs and walnuts on cardiovascular disease risk markers in healthy free-living lacto-ovo-vegetarians: a randomized, crossover, free-living intervention study; Background: Plant and marine n-3 fatty acids (FA) may favorably modify select markers of cardiovascular disease risk. Whether supplementing the habitual diet of lacto-ovo-vegetarians (LOV) with walnuts (containing a-linolenic acid, ALA) and n-3 FA enriched eggs (containing primarily docosahexaenoic acid, DHA and ALA) would have equivalent effects on CVD risk factors is explored in this study.
Impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption prior to ischemic stroke; Objective The Japanese have higher levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in their diets. These facts may contribute to the lower rates of atherosclerosis in Japanese. The purposes of this study were to assess the PUFA levels in patients with subtypes of acute ischemic stroke and to assess the relationship between severity and PUFA levels. Material and Methods We studied 75 patients with lacunar infarction (LI; n=25), atherothrombotic infarction (AT; n=32), and cardiogenic embolism (CE; n=18). The patients underwent blood examinations in a fasting state next morning of hospitalization, including examination of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglyceride (TG), blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), uric acid, and fatty acid fractions of EPA, DHA, dihomo--linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA). We used the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) to assess clinical severity at discharge. Results There was no significant difference in the EPA/AA and DHA/AA ratio among the three stroke subgroups, although the DGLA/AA ratio was significantly higher in patients with LI than in patients with CE. Considering the confounding factors, the mRS was negatively correlated with EPA/AA and positively correlated with age, DHA/AA, and blood glucose. Conclusions High EPA/AA ratio was associated with good outcome in ischemic stroke. Our paper suggests that prestroke dietary habits affect the severity in patients with ischemic stroke.
High serum levels of proinflammatory markers during epileptogenesis. Can omega-3 fatty acid administration reduce this process?; During the epileptogenic process, several events may occur, such as an important activation of the immune system in the central nervous system. The response to seizure activity results in an inflammation in the brain as well as in the periphery. Moreover, CRP and cytokines may be able to interact with numerous ligands in response to cardiac injury caused by sympathetic stimulation in ictal and postictal states. Based on this, we measured the serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and cytokines during acute, silent, and chronic phases of rats submitted to the pilocarpine model of epilepsy. We have also analyzed the effect of a chronic treatment of these rats with omega-3 fatty acid in CRP and cytokine levels, during an epileptic focus generation. C-reactive protein and cytokines such as IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha presented high concentration in the blood of rats, even well after the occurrence of SE. We found reduced levels of CRP and all proinflammatory cytokines in the blood of animals with chronic seizures, treated with omega-3, when compared with those treated with vehicle solution. Taken together, our results strongly suggest that the omega-3 is an effective treatment to prevent SUDEP occurrence due to its capability to act as an anti-inflammatory compound, reducing the systemic inflammatory parameters altered by seizures. (c) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Implications of dietary ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in breast cancer (Review); Breast cancer represents one of the most common forms of cancer in women worldwide, with an increase in the number of newly diagnosed patients in the last decade. The role of fatty acids, particularly of a diet rich in omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), in breast cancer development is not fully understood and remains controversial due to their complex mechanism of action. However, a large number of animal models and cell culture studies have demonstrated that high levels of omega-3 PUFAs have an inhibitory role in the development and progression of breast cancer, compared to omega-6 PUFAs. The present review focused on recent studies regarding the correlation between dietary PUFAs and breast cancer development, and aimed to emphasize the main molecular mechanisms involved in the modification of cell membrane structure and function, modulation of signal transduction pathways, gene expression regulation, and antiangiogenic and antimetastatic effects. Furthermore, the anticancer role of omega-3 PUFAs through the modulation of microRNA expression levels was also reviewed.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty-acid supplementation on neuropathic pain symptoms and sphingosine levels in Mexican-Americans with type 2 diabetes; Purpose: To determine whether dietary supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduces neuropathic pain symptoms in Mexican-Americans with type 2 diabetes.
Dietary linoleic acid requirements in the presence of α-linolenic acid are lower than the historical 2 % of energy intake value, study in rats; Previous studies on rats and human subjects have established that the linoleic acid (LA) requirement is 2% of the total energy intake (en%), but is obtained in the absence of a-linolenic acid (ALA) and consequently appear to be overestimated. This raises questions since a recent study including ALA has suggested to divide the historical value by four. However, this recent study has remained inconclusive because the animals used were not totally LA-deficient animals. For the first time, the present study was especially designed using physiological and biochemical markers and performed in two steps: (1) to achieve a specific n-6 fatty acid deficiency model using growing male rats fed either a 0 en% from LA/0 en% from ALA (0LA/0ALA), 0LA/0.5ALA or 2LA/0.5ALA diet, born from female rats fed a 0LA/0.5ALA diet; and (2) to refine the required level of LA in the presence of ALA using rats fed either a 0LA/0ALA, 0.5LA/0.5ALA, 1LA/0.5ALA, 1.5LA/0.5ALA diet, born from female rats fed a 0LA/0.5ALA diet. The first step shows that the best LA deficiency model was obtained using rats fed the 0LA/0ALA diet, born from female rats fed the 0LA/0.5ALA diet. The second step demonstrates that in growing rats, LA deficiency was corrected with an intake of 1-1.5 en% from LA and 0.5 en% from ALA. These data suggest that the requirements in humans should be revisited, considering the presence of ALA to set up the recommendation for LA.
Current evidence for the clinical use of long-chain polyunsaturated N-3 fatty acids to prevent age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease; An NIH State of the Science Conference panel concluded in 2010 that insufficient evidence is available to recommend the use of any primary prevention therapy for Alzheimer's disease or cognitive decline with age. Despite the insufficient evidence, candidate therapies with varying levels of evidence for safety and efficacy are taken by the public and discussed in the media. One example is the long-chain n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LC-PUFA), DHA and EPA, found in some fish and dietary supplements. With this report, we seek to provide a practical overview and rating of the level and type of available evidence that n-3 LC-PUFA supplements are safe and protective against cognitive aging and Alzheimer's disease, with additional discussion of the evidence for effects on quality of life, vascular aging, and the rate of aging. We discuss available sources, dose, bioavailability, and variables that may impact the response to n-3 LC-PUFA treatment such as baseline n-3 LC-PUFA status, APOE E > 4 genotype, depression, and background diet. Lastly, we list ongoing clinical trials and propose next research steps to validate these fatty acids for primary prevention of cognitive aging and dementia. Of particular relevance, epidemiology indicates a higher risk of cognitive decline in people in the lower quartile of n-3 LC-PUFA intake or blood levels but these populations have not been specifically targeted by RCTs.
Dietary interventions (plant sterols, stanols, omega-3 fatty acids, soy protein and dietary fibers) for familial hypercholesterolaemia; Background
Evidence-based estimation of health care cost savings from the use of omega-3 supplementation among the elderly in Korea; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: By the year 2050, thirty-eight percent of the Korean population will be over the age of 65. Health care costs for Koreans over age 65 reached 15.4 trillion Korean won in 2011, accounting for a third of the total health care costs for the population. Chronic degenerative diseases, including coronary heart disease (CHD), drive long-term health care costs at an alarming annual rate. In the elderly population, loss of independence is one of the main reasons for this increase in health care costs. Korean heath policies place a high priority on the prevention of CHD because it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality.
Regulation of platelet function and thrombosis by omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Thrombosis is the most common underlying pathology responsible for morbidity and mortality in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation play central roles in hemostasis; however, the same process may also cause thrombosis and vessel occlusion at the site of ruptured atherosclerotic lesions leading to heart attack and stroke. omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are an essential component of the platelet phospholipid membrane and play a major role in many aspects of platelet tunchon. Dietary supplementation of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs has long been used to slow the progression of CVD and to prevent acute cardiovascular events. Despite this, the role of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs and their oxylipin metabolites in platelet function remains controversial due to the lack in our understanding of the mechanistic regulation controlling platelet reactivity in vitro and substantial evidence for PUFA regulation of thrombotic events in vivo. In this review, we will outline the role of platelet physiology in hemostasis and the effect of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs on platelet function, with special emphasis on in vivo effects on hemostasis and thrombosis due to the role of PUFAs and their bioactive lipids in circulation. Further, recent mechanistic insights and evidence for cardio-protective effects of PUFAs and their bioactive lipids will be discussed.
C-reactive protein and <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in patients with a previous myocardial infarction -: A placebo-controlled randomized study; Background Dietary intake of the marine long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may reduce mortality after a myocardial infarction (MI). This may partly be attributed to their anti-inflammatory properties. Aim of the study To investigate the effect of n-3 PUFA on C-reactive protein (CRP) in patients with a previous MI. Methods In a double-blind design, forty-one patients (mean age 63 7 years) were randomized to receive daily supplements with 5.2 g of n-3 PUFA or olive oil (control). Serum CRP was measured with a highly sensitive assay (hs-CRP) before and after 12 weeks supplements. Compliance was monitored by measuring the incorporation of n-3 PUFA into platelets. Results The content of n-3 PUFA in platelets increased significantly in the n-3 PUFA supplemented group, whereas no changes were seen in controls. There was a minor increase in hs-CRP in the n-3 PUFA group (2.46 vs. 2.70 mg/l) and a small decrease in hs-CRP in the control group (2.52 vs. 1.67 mg/l). The changes, however, were not statistically significant (P = 0.30 and 0.43, respectively). Conclusion Supplementation with 5.2 g of n-3 PUFA for 12 weeks had no hs-CRP lowering effect in patients with a previous MI.
The Association between Marine n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels and Survival after Renal Transplantation; Background and objectives Several studies have reported beneficial cardiovascular effects of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. To date, no large studies have investigated the potential benefits of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in recipients of renal transplants.
Omega-3 fatty acids: cardiovascular benefits, sources and sustainability; The evidence for the cardioprotective nature of omega-3 fatty acids is abundant, and currently available data indicate that patients with known coronary heart disease should consume at least 1 g daily of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids from either oily fish or fish-oil supplements, and that individuals without disease should consume at least 250-500 mg daily. However, this area of research poses two questions. Firstly, which is the best source of omega-3 fatty acids-fish or fish-oil supplements? Secondly, are recommendations for omega-3 supplementation warranted in view of the rapid depletion of world fish stocks? The argument that eating fish is better than taking fish-oil supplements stems from the fact that several important nutrients, such as vitamin D, selenium, and antioxidants, are missing from the supplements. However, three major prevention trials have clearly indicated that omega-3 fatty acid capsules confer cardiovascular benefits and, therefore, that both are cardioprotective. Sustainable sources of omega-3 fatty acids will need to be identified if long-term cardiovascular risk reduction is to be achieved at the population level.
Serum free fatty acid pattern and risk of myocardial infarction: a case-control study; Objectives. To investigate the association between composition of serum free fatty acid (FFA) fraction and risk of a first myocardial infarction (MI).
Increased Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake Is Inversely Associated with Subclinical Inflammation in Healthy Elderly Men, Based on the 2015-2018 Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey; (1) Background: Subclinical inflammation as a risk factor of cardiovascular diseases was clinically measured using C-reactive protein (CRP) level. (2) Methods: This study was cross-sectionally designed based the 2015-2018 Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES). The ratio of daily omega-3 fatty acids to energy intake (omega 3FA ratio) was classified into four quartile groups (Q1, <0.3%; Q2, 0.3%-<0.6%; Q3, 0.6%-<1.0%; and Q4, >= 1.0% in both sexes). Logistic regression analysis was conducted to investigate the association between the omega 3FA ratio and subclinical inflammation defined as CRP levels >= 3 mg/dL. (3) Results: The omega 3FA ratio in subjects without and with subclinical inflammation was 0.8% and 0.7% in men (p-value = 0.001), and 0.8% and 0.8% in women (p-value = 0.491), respectively. The prevalence of subclinical inflammation in males decreased with increasing quartile of omega 3FA ratio (12.9%, 9.6%, 7.4%, and 7.7%, p-value = 0.033), while female prevalence was not significant among quartile groups. Compared to Q1, odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) for subclinical inflammation of Q2, Q3, and Q4 were 0.740 (0.465-1.177), 0.564 (0.341-0.930), and 0.549 (0.317-0.953) in males, and 1.066 (0.653-1.741), 1.105 (0.600-1.718), and 0.934 (0.556-1.571) in females after full adjustment. (4) Conclusion: The omega 3FA ratio is associated with subclinical inflammation in men.
Cardiovascular disease-related genes and regulation by diet; Diets rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) such as alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid are associated with decreased incidence and severity of cardiovascular disease (CVD). At least some of the beneficial effects of these dietary fatty acids are mediated by metabolites such as prostaglandins, leukotrienes, thromboxanes, and resolvins. The effects of n-3 PUFAs often differ from those of other fatty acids with very similar structures, such as linoleic acid and arachidonic acid (n-6 PUFAs) and their corresponding metabolites. This article reviews the evidence that specific receptors exist for fatty acids or their metabolites that are able to regulate gene expression and coordinately affect metabolic or signaling pathways associated with CVD. Four nuclear receptor subfamilies that respond to dietary and endogenous ligands and have implications for CVD are emphasized in this article: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors, retinoid X receptors, liver X receptors, and the farnesoid X receptor.
Soluble adhesion molecules in healthy subjects: a dose-response study using n-3 fatty acids; Background and Aim: Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against atherosclerotic disease, and serum levels of soluble cellular adhesion molecules (sCAMs) possibly reflect the inflammatory process underlying atherosclerosis. We studied the effect of n-3 PUFA dietary supplementation on the serum levels of sP-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) and soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), and the correlation between sCAMs and the fatty acid composition of granulocyte membranes.
Effects of omega-3 supplementation on serum albumin, pre-albumin and the CRP/albumin ratio in hospitalized patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Context Low serum albumin and pre-albumin concentrations are associated with edema, infection, thrombosis, heart failure, and mortality. Objective This comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials was conducted to summarize the available findings on the impact of omega-3 supplementation on albumin, pre-albumin, and the C-reactive protein/albumin ratio in hospitalized patients. Data sources PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases were searched from January 1990 to October 2021. Data Extraction Extracted data from 50 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total number of 3196 participants were analyzed using the random-effects model. The dose-dependent effect was also evaluated. Data Analysis Oral omega-3 supplementation significantly increased serum albumin concentrations in patients with cancer (weighted mean difference [WMD]: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.33, P= 0.006), patients on dialysis (WMD: 0.14; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.28, P= 0.042), and those with hypoalbuminemia (WMD: 0.38; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.72, P = 0.033); however, there was no significant effect among patients with gastrointestinal or hepatologic diseases. Moreover, each 1000 mg/day increase in oral omega-3 supplementation resulted in elevated serum albumin levels in cancer patients (WMD: 0.15; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.24, P < 0.001). In addition, a favorable effect of oral omega-3 supplementation on pre-albumin levels was observed among patients with cancer (WMD: 33.87; 95% CI: 12.34, 55.39, P = 0.002). A similar significant effect of parenteral omega-3 supplementation on pre-albumin concentrations was seen among those with gastrointestinal and hepatologic diseases as well (WMD: 23.30; 95% CI: 13.58, 33.03, P < 0.001). No significant effect of oral omega-3 supplementation on the CRP/albumin ratio was found. Conclusions Overall, omega-3 fatty acids supplementation resulted in a favorable change in serum albumin and pre-albumin concentrations in hospitalized patients. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42021285704.
THE IMPACT OF CONTROLLING RISK-FACTORS AFTER MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; The relative risks of each factors and the benefits of their reduction after myocardial infarction are comparable to those observed in primary prevention. However; because of an overexposure to the risk, the absolute gains are five times greater. The impact of diet is one of the most important : in addition to the limitation of polyunsaturated fats and global calory intake, especially in cases of central obesity, the increase in dietary alpha-linolenic acid and in omega-3, has been shown to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction and mortality by up to 70 %. Supplements of vitamins A and E could be useful. After infarction, the risks of an ex-smoker decrease rapidly by half and become comparable to those of non-smokers in 2 to 3 years. Physical exercice reduces cardiovascular mortality by 20-25 % and contributes to better control of risk factors. The management of some psycho-physiological factors (reaction to stress, hostility) also gives encouraging results). A 10 % reduction in total cholesterol leads to a 20 % or more decrease in coronary events and a 10 % reduction in mortality with a marked dose-response effect inciting to the reduction of its level to under 2 g/l. The progression of atherosclerosis delayed; early lesions, with the greatest risk of rupture and thrombosis, are stabilised and may even regress. A low HDL-c concentration should lead to more energetic reduction of LDL-c and control of smoking, obesity and sedentarity. Its association with hypertriglyceridaemia, glucose intolerance, hypertension and central obesity defines the syndrome of insulin resistance which multiplies cardiovascular risk. The control of hypertension could reduce the number of recurrences and of coronary mortality by 20 %; betablockers and ACE inhibitors are logical prioritary drugs. The control of diabetes with diet and insulin reduces the incidence of vascular complications. Thrombogenic factors (especially fibrinogen, partially associated with smoking and triglycerides) reinforce the indications of antithrombotic agents. These different approaches in most cases integrate the use of drugs, the prophylactic efficacy of which has been demonstrated : aspirin or vitamin K antagonists, betablockers, ACE inhibitors.
Dietary long-chain omega 3 fatty acids modify sphingolipid metabolism to facilitate airway hyperreactivity; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are essential nutrients that can affect inflammatory responses. While n-3 PUFAs are generally considered beneficial for cardiovascular disease and obesity, the effects on asthma, the most common inflammatory lung disease are unclear. While prenatal dietary n-3 PUFAs decrease the risk for childhood wheezing, postnatal dietary n-3 PUFAs can worsen allergic airway inflammation. Sphingolipid metabolism is also affected by dietary n-3 PUFAs. Decreased sphingolipid synthesis leads to airway hyperreactivity, besides inflammation, a cardinal feature of asthma, and common genetic asthma risk alleles lead to lower sphingolipid synthesis. We investigated the effect of dietary n-3 PUFAs on sphingolipid metabolism and airway reactivity. Comparing a fish-oil diet with a high n-3 PUFA content (FO) to an isocaloric coconut oil-enriched diet (CO), we found an n-3 PUFA-dependent effect on increased airway reactivity, that was not accompanied by inflammation. Lung and whole blood content of dihydroceramides, ceramides, sphingomyelins, and glucosylceramides were lower in mice fed the n-3 PUFA enriched diet consistent with lower sphingolipid synthesis. In contrast, phosphorylated long chain bases such as sphingosine 1-phosphate were increased. These findings suggest that dietary n-3 PUFAs affect pulmonary sphingolipid composition to favor innate airway hyperreactivity, independent of inflammation, and point to an important role of n-3 PUFAs in sphingolipid metabolism.
The effect of bezafibrate and omega-3 fatty acids on lymphocyte cytokine release and systemic inflammation in patients with isolated hypertriglyceridemia; Purpose The aim of this study was to compare the effects of fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids on lymphocyte secretory function and systemic inflammation in patients with isolated hypertriglyceridemia.
B Vitamin and/or n-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Health-Related Quality of Life: Ancillary Findings from the SU.FOL.OM3 Randomized Trial; Background: Despite growing attention to nutrition and quality of life in cardiovascular disease survivors, the impact of dietary factors according to disease type or to quality of life domain is poorly understood. We investigated the effects of B vitamin and/or n-3 fatty acid supplementation on health-related quality of life among survivors of stroke, myocardial infarction, or unstable angina.
Assessing the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on ventricular tachyarrhythmia and survival in patients with ICDs: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Recent studies investigating the effects of fish oil on shocks administered by ICDs in patients with ventricular tachycardias produced inconclusive results. This systematic review aims to evaluate the effectiveness of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in lowering the risk of life-threatening VTs among individuals with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators. Methods: We searched five databases, including Central, PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Scopus, for studies evaluating the efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) for the prevention of ICD events for VT or VF, published up to December 1, 2023. Results: Four trials were finally included in the study. The pooled risk ratios for mortality and ICD events were 0.87 (95% CI:0.58-1.32) and 0.75 (95% CI:0.48-1.18), respectively. Conclusion: No significant effect was discovered to support the antiarrhythmic properties or survival advantages of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in individuals with implanted implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD).
Effects of dietary omega-3 fatty acids on ventricular function in dogs with healed myocardial infarctions: in vivo and in vitro studies; Billman GE, Nishijima Y, Belevych AE, Terentyev D, Xu Y, Haizlip KM, Monasky MM, Hiranandani N, Harris WS, Gyorke S, Carnes CA, Janssen PM. Effects of dietary omega-3 fatty acids on ventricular function in dogs with healed myocardial infarctions: in vivo and in vitro studies. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 298: H1219-H1228, 2010. First published January 22, 2010; doi: 10.1152/ajpheart.01065.2009.-Since omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can alter ventricular myocyte calcium handling, these fatty acids could adversely affect cardiac contractile function, particularly following myocardial infarction. Therefore, 4 wk after myocardial infarction, dogs were randomly assigned to either placebo (corn oil, 1 g/day, n = 16) or n-3 PUFAs supplement [ docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) + eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl esters; 1, 2, or 4 g/day; n = 7, 8, and 12, respectively] groups. In vivo, ventricular function was evaluated by echocardiography before and after 3 mo of treatment. At the end of the 3-mo period, hearts were removed and in vitro function was evaluated using right ventricular trabeculae and isolated left ventricular myocytes. The treatment elicited significant (P < 0.0001) dose-dependent increases (16.4-fold increase with 4 g/day) in left ventricular tissue and red blood cell n-3 PUFA levels (EPA + DHA, placebo, 0.42 +/- 0.04; 1 g/day, 3.02 +/- 0.23; 2 g/day, 3.63 +/- 0.17; and 4 g/day, 6.97 +/- 0.33%). Regardless of the dose, n-3 PUFA treatment did not alter ventricular function in the intact animal (e.g., 4 g/day, fractional shortening: pre, 42.9 +/- 1.6 vs. post, 40.1 +/- 1.7%; placebo: pre, 39.2 +/- 1.3 vs. post, 38.4 +/- 1.6%). The developed force per cross-sectional area, changes in length- and frequency-dependent behavior in contractile force, and the inotropic response to beta-adrenoceptor activation were also similar for trabeculae obtained from placebo- or n-3 PUFA-treated dogs. Finally, calcium currents and calcium transients were the same in myocytes from n-3 PUFA- and placebo-treated dogs. Thus dietary n-3 PUFAs did not adversely alter either in vitro or in vivo ventricular contractile function in dogs with healed infarctions.
Essential fatty acids as functional components of foods- a review; During the recent decades, awareness towards the role of essential fatty acids in human health and disease prevention has been unremittingly increasing among people. Fish, fish oils and some vegetable oils are rich sources of essential fatty acids. Many studies have positively correlated essential fatty acids with reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, infant development, cancer prevention, optimal brain and vision functioning, arthritis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and neurological/neuropsychiatric disorders. Beneficial effects may be mediated through several different mechanisms, including alteration in cell membrane composition, gene expression or eicosanoid production. However, the mechanisms whereby essential fatty acids affect gene expression are complex and involve multiple processes. Further understanding of the molecular aspects of essential fatty acids will be the key to devising novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of many diseases.
The Omega-6/Omega-3 Ratio and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Uses and Abuses; The cardioprotective effects of omega-3 (an-3) fatty acids (FAs) are well known, but the role that the n-6 FAs play in coronary heart disease is unclear. These two classes of essential FAs compete for a number of enzyme systems, and their metabolites can powerfully influence (often in different directions) inflammatory responses, vascular reactivity, and platelet aggregation. Accordingly, the n-6/n-3 FA ratio may be of value in interpreting biomarker data and in making nutritional recommendations. Although initially appealing, there are few human experimental and clinical trial data to support this view. This paper reviews a variety of studies that, in the aggregate, suggest that the ratio is, both on theoretical and evidential grounds, of little value. Metrics that include the n-3 FAs alone, especially eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, appear to hold the greatest promise.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Mitigate Palmitate-Induced Impairments in Skeletal Muscle Cell Viability and Differentiation; Accumulation of excess saturated free fatty acids such as palmitate (PAL) in skeletal muscle leads to reductions in mitochondrial integrity, cell viability and differentiation. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) counteract PAL-induced lipid accumulation. EPA and DHA, as well as the n-3 PUFA docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), may therefore mitigate PAL-induced lipotoxicity to promote skeletal muscle cell survival and differentiation. C2C12 myoblasts were treated with 50 mu M EPA, DPA, or DHA in the absence or presence of 500 mu M PAL for 16 h either prior to myoblast analysis or induction of differentiation. Myoblast viability and markers of apoptosis, endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and myotube differentiation capacity were investigated using fluorescence microscopy and immunoblotting. High-resolution respirometry was used to assess mitochondrial function and membrane integrity. PAL induced cell death via apoptosis and increased protein content of ER stress markers BiP and CHOP. EPA, DPA, and DHA co-treatment maintained cell viability, prevented PAL-induced apoptosis and attenuated PAL-induced increases in BiP, whereas only DPA prevented increases in CHOP. PAL subsequently reduced protein content of the differentiation marker myogenin and inhibited myotube formation, and all n-3 PUFAs promoted myotube formation in the presence of PAL. Furthermore, DPA prevented PAL-induced release of cytochrome c and maintained mitochondrial integrity. These findings demonstrate the n-3 PUFAs EPA, DPA and DHA elicit similar protective effects against PAL-induced impairments in muscle cell viability and differentiation. Mechanistically, the protective effects of DPA against PAL lipotoxicity are attributable in part to its ability to maintain mitochondrial respiratory capacity via mitigating PAL-induced loss of mitochondrial membrane integrity.
Fatty acids and cardiovascular diseases; After a long dark period, then a period with a negative view upon fats, fatty acids were classified into good or bad according to their unsaturation degree, or their animal or vegetal origin. Today it seems that their effects are complex according to their amount, the interactions within them, and mainly their biochemical formula. If a saturated fatty acid excess is deleterious, intakes at nutritional dosage are-not bad and their effects are variable with their accurate type. Classically monounsaturated fatty acids are neutral but that could be due to the chemical compounds associated in foods such as olive oil or to the global dietary pattern such as the mediterranean diet. There is a strong controversy about omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids; they decrease LDL cholesterol as monounsaturated fatty acids but excessive intake do not seem to be associated with a protective cardiovascular effect mainly if omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are low simultaneously. The omega 3 fatty acids, alpha-linolenic acid and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, exert protective effects via pleiotropic mechanisms independent from lipoprotains. Finally a short focus is made on cow's milk fats and their cardiovascular impact, far from bad when intake is moderate.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on arterial elasticity in patients with familial hypercholesterolaemia on statin therapy; Background and aims: Increased arterial stiffness is closely linked with raised blood pressure that contributes substantially to enhanced risk of coronary heart disease in high risk individuals with familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH). Omega-3 fatty acid (omega 3-FA) supplementation has been demonstrated to lower blood pressure in subjects with a high cardiovascular disease risk. Whether omega 3-FA supplementation improves arterial stiffness in FH subjects, on background statin therapy, has yet to be investigated.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Management of Epilepsy; Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with multiple double bonds. Linolenic and alpha-linolenic acids are omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs, precursors for the synthesis of long-chain PUFAs (LC-PUFAs), such as arachidonic acid (omega-6 PUFA), and eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (omega-3 PUFAs). The three most important omega-3 fatty acids are alpha-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, which cannot be synthesized in enough amounts by the body, and therefore they must be supplied by the diet. Omega-3 fatty acids are essential for the correct functioning of the organism and participate in many physiological processes in the brain. Epilepsy is a common and heterogeneous chronic brain disorder characterized by recurrent epileptic seizures leading to neuropsychiatric disabilities. The prevalence of epilepsy is high achieving about 1% of the general population. There is evidence suggesting that omega-3 fatty acids may have neuroprotective and anticonvulsant effects and, accordingly, may have a potential use in the treatment of epilepsy. In the present review, the potential use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of epilepsy, and the possible proposed mechanisms of action are discussed. The present article summarizes the recent knowledge of the potential protective role of dietary omega-3 fatty acids in epilepsy.
Successful Treatment of Severe Hypertriglyceridemia with a Formula Diet Rich in Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Medium-Chain Triglycerides; Background: Patients with highly increased plasma triglyceride levels are at risk of developing serious complications such as pancreatitis, coronary heart disease and stroke. Therefore it is important to rapidly decrease plasma triglyceride levels. A sufficient control of triglyceride levels with drugs like fibrates, statins or nicotinic acid can usually only be attained after a couple of weeks. Plasma exchange appears to be a fast but expensive method to reduce triglyceride levels. In this study we describe the use of a new omega-3 fatty acid and medium-chain triglyceride-rich formula diet as a therapeutic concept to reduce plasma triglyceride levels fast and effectively. Methods: Thirty-two patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia were treated with the especially composed formula diet for a period of 7 days. Results: Within this period of time, plasma triglycerides decreased from 1,601 (402-4,555) to 554 (142-2,382) mg/dl (p < 0.05). Total cholesterol levels were reduced from 417 (211-841) to 287 (165-457) mg/dl (p < 0.001). Fasting glucose and uric acid levels also slightly decreased (-8%; -12%). The formula diet as a 1-week treatment was well tolerated and accepted by the patients. Conclusion: This diet was successfully used as an acute treatment in severe hypertriglyceridemia and showed effectiveness in rapidly and safely lowering plasma triglyceride levels. Copyright (C) 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
Attenuation of post-myocardial infarction depression in rats by <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids or probiotics starting after the onset of reperfusion; Proinflammatory cytokines play a central role in depression-like behaviour and apoptosis in the limbic system after myocardial infarction (MI). A PUFA n-3 diet or the combination of Lactobacillus helveticus R0052 and Bifidobacterium longum R0175 probiotics, when given before the ischaemic period, reduce circulating proinflammatory cytokines as well as apoptosis in the limbic system. The present study was designed to determine if the same nutritional interventions maintain their beneficial effects when started after the onset of the reperfusion period and attenuate depression-like behaviour observed after MI. MI was induced by the occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery for 40 min in rats. After the onset of reperfusion, animals were fed with a high-or low-PUFA n-3 diet, combined or not with one billion live bacteria of L. helveticus and B. longum. At 3 d post-MI, caspase-3 enzymatic activities and terminal 2'-deoxyuridine, 5'-triphosphate (dUTP) nick-end labelling (TUNEL)-positive cells were decreased in the CA1, dentate gyrus (DG) and amygdala with the high-PUFA n-3 diet, as compared to the three other diets. Probiotics attenuated caspase-3 activity and TUNEL-positive cells in the DG and the medial amygdala. At 2 weeks post-MI, depression-like behaviour was observed in the low-PUFA n-3 diet without probiotics-group, and this behaviour was attenuated with the high-PUFA n-3 diet or/and probiotics. These results indicate that a high-PUFA n-3 diet or the administration of probiotics, starting after the onset of reperfusion, are beneficial to attenuate apoptosis in the limbic system and post-MI depression in the rat.
Bioengineered Plants Can Be a Useful Source of Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Omega-3 fatty acids have proven to be very essential for human health due to their multiple health benefits. These essential fatty acids (EFAs) need to be uptaken through diet because they are unable to be produced by the human body. These are important for skin and hair growth as well as for proper visual, neural, and reproductive functions of the body. These fatty acids are proven to be extremely vital for normal tissue development during pregnancy and infancy. Omega-3 fatty acids can be obtained mainly from two dietary sources: marine and plant oils. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; C20:5 n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C22:6 n-3) are the primary marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids. Marine fishes are high in omega-3 fatty acids, yet high consumption of those fishes will cause a shortage of fish stocks existing naturally in the oceans. An alternative source to achieve the recommended daily intake of EFAs is the demand of today. In this review article, an attempt has, therefore, been made to discuss the importance of omega-3 fatty acids and the recent developments in order to produce these fatty acids by the genetic modifications of the plants.
Maternal dietary n-3 fatty acids alter cardiac ventricle fatty acid composition, prostaglandin and thromboxane production in growing chicks; The effects of feeding n-6 and n-3 fatty acids to broiler hens on cardiac ventricle fatty acid composition, and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and thromboxane A2 (TXA2) production of hatched chicks were investigated. Fertile eggs obtained from hens fed diets supplemented with 3.5% sunflower oil (Low n-3),1.75% sunflower+1.75% fish oil (Medium n-3), or 3.5% fish oil (High n-3) were incubated. The hatched chicks were fed a diet containing 18:3 n-3, but devoid of longer chain n-6 and n-3 fatty acids for 42 days. Arachidonic acid content was lower in the cardiac ventricle of High n-3 and Medium n-3 compared to Low n-3 birds for up to 2 weeks (P<0.002). Long chain n-3 fatty acids were higher in the cardiac ventricle of chicks from hens fed High and Medium n-3 diets when compared to chicks from hens fed the Low n-3 diet. Differences in long chain n-3 fatty acids persisted up to four weeks of age (P<0.001). Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMNC) of 7-day-old High n-3 broilers produced significantly lower PGE2 and TXA2 than PBMNC from Low n-3 and Medium n-3 birds. These results indicate that maternal dietary n-3 fatty acids increases cardiac ventricle n-3 fatty acids while reducing arachidonic acid and ex vivo PGE2 and TXA2 production during growth in broiler chickens. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relationship Between Distance Run Per Week, Omega-3 Index, and Arachidonic Acid (AA)/Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Ratio: An Observational Retrospective Study in Non-elite Runners; Background: Tissue availability of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) depends on several factors, including dietary intake, physical exercise, genetic variation, and metabolic turnover. However, there is limited evidence whether running training activity per se may influence indices associated with PUFA metabolism such as Omega-3 (omega-3) index and arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4 omega-6)/eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5 omega-3) ratio.
Unsaturated Fatty Acid Liposomes Selectively Regulate Glutathione Peroxidase 4 to Exacerbate Lipid Peroxidation as an Adaptable Liposome Platform for Anti-Tumor Therapy; Regulating non-apoptotic cell death of cancer cells provides a promising strategy to overcome apoptosis resistance during cancer treatment. Lipids are essential components to exacerbate several non-apoptotic cell death pathways. In the present study, unsaturated fatty acid (UFA) liposomes prepared with linoleic acid, oleic acid, or alpha-linolenic acid have the potential to affect lipid metabolism. Notably, UFA liposomes markedly increased cellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) and down-regulated the expression of glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) in tumor cells, resulting in lipid peroxidation, which in turn caused rapid membrane rupture and induced non-apoptotic cell death of tumor cells. Concomitantly, UFA liposomes induced ROS-mediated tumor-associated macrophages toward a tumoricidal phenotype to reverse the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment. Consequently, UFA liposomes substantially inhibited tumor growth in a melanoma model by promoting lipid peroxidation, inducing non-apoptotic cell death of tumor cells, and increasing infiltration of anti-tumor immune cells at tumor sites. Therefore, UFA liposomes regulate GXP4 to exacerbate lipid peroxidation and provide a versatile liposome platform for enhancing anti-tumor therapy which could be readily extended to the delivery of anticancer agents.
Omega-3 fatty acids and neurological injury; Studies with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have shown that these compounds have therapeutic potential in several indications in neurology and psychiatry. Acute spinal cord injury (SCI) is an event with devastating consequences, and no satisfactory treatment is available at present. The pathogenetic mechanisms associated with SCI include excitotoxicity, increased oxidation and inflammation. We review here our recent studies, which suggest that omega-3 PUFA have significant neuroprotective potential in spinal cord trauma. In a first study, we administered an intravenous bolus of a-linolenic acid (LNA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) 30 min after spinal cord hemisection injury in adult rats. The omega-3 PUFA led to increased neuronal and glial survival, and a significantly improved neurological outcome. In subsequent studies, we tested DHA in a more severe compression model of SCI. We also explored a combined acute and chronic treatment regime using DHA. Saline or DHA was administered intravenously 30 min after compression of the spinal cord. After injury, the saline group received a standard control diet, whereas DHA-injected animals received either a control or a DHA-enriched diet for 6 weeks following injury. We assessed locomotor recovery and analysed markers for cell survival and axonal damage, and we also investigated the effects of the treatment on the inflammatory reaction and the oxidative stress that follow SCI. We showed that the acute DHA treatment is neuroprotective after compression SCI, even if the treatment is delayed up to an hour after injury. The DHA injection led to an increased neuronal and glial cell survival, and the effect of the DHA injection was amplified by addition of DHA to the diet. Rats treated with a DHA injection and a DHA-enriched diet performed significantly better at 6 weeks in terms of neurological outcome. The analysis of the tissue after DHA administration showed that the fatty acid significantly reduced lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation and RNA/DNA oxidation, and the induction of COX-2. Parallel studies in a facial nerve injury model in mice also showed pro-regenerative effects of chronic dietary administration of DHA after nerve lesion. These observations suggest that treatment with omega-3 PUFA could represent a promising therapeutic approach in the management of neurological injury. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiometabolic factors in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia undergoing treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Increased triglycerides (TGs) are a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, hypertriglyceridemia is commonly associated with a reduction of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and an increase in atherogenic small-dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C) levels. Studies provide support that polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3LCPUFAs) are cardioprotective and have antithrombotic and anti-inflammatory effects. The potential effects of w3-LCPUFAs on cardiometabolic factors and anti-inflammatory actions in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) are limited. This is a secondary analysis of a previous clinical trial registered at clinical trials.gov (# NCT01051154) that was conducted to analyze the effect of omega 3-LCPUFAs in pediatric patients with ALL who were receiving treatment.
Omega-3 fatty acids and changes in LBM: alone or in synergy for better muscle health?; Myopenia or muscle wasting due to ageing, chronic disease, and various medical interventions has been associated with increased mortality, morbidity, and poorer physical function. Attempts through nutrient and exercise interventions have been made to prevent this deterioration. In addition, while a measure of lean body mass (LBM) is associated with health outcomes, LBM function may be a better prognostic tool. Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCn-3s) are nutrients that may mitigate LBM losses in noncancer populations. The purpose of this review is to determine whether LCn-3s have a role in LBM sparing in noncancer populations, to establish a minimum dose and duration of LCn-3s that will result in LBM change, and to summarise the potential effects of LCn-3s on LBM function when combined with an anabolic stimulus. Overall, in noncancer populations, LCn-3s have limited utility in sparing LBM during energy balance, energy restriction, or in conjunction with aerobic exercise. Further investigations are required to determine the appropriate dose and duration of LCn-3s for optimal LBM function. Finally, compelling evidence exists for LCn-3s in conjunction with an anabolic stimulus to improve LBM function and quality. Functionality of LBM tissue is an important outcome for population health, and LCn-3s show some promise, albeit pending further study.
Review of the effects of omega-3 supplementation in dialysis patients; Chronic dialysis patients experience a host of conditions that limit quality and length of life, and recent therapeutic strategies have had only modest success in ameliorating many of these problems. By mediating cell membrane function and structure and the synthesis of lipid mediators such as eicosanoids, omega-3 fatty acids may offer dialysis patients a host of therapeutic benefits. Omega-3 fatty acids are derived primarily from dietary sources, and cold-water fish is the main source of eicosapentanoic and docosahexanoic acids, the two major bioactive omega-3 fatty acids. Studies of omega-3 supplementation in dialysis patients describe salutary effects on triglyceride levels, dialysis access patency, and perhaps uremic pruritus and oxidative stress. In contrast, the putative hematologic, antiltypertensive, anti-inflammatory, and antiarrhythmic effects are not as well documented. Adverse effects generally have been limited to gastrointestinal complaints. Unfortunately, the preponderance of published studies are characterized by suboptimal study design, small sample sizes, supraphysiologic omega-3 doses that may be difficult to consume for extended periods, little long-term follow-up, and a lack of confirmation of compliance. Not surprising, the 2005 National Kidney Foundation Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative Clinical Practice Guidelines for Cardiovascular Disease in Dialysis Patients recommend further research in this field. In summary, although preliminary data suggest that omega-3 fatty acids may have clinical benefits, formal recommendations encouraging omega-3 supplementation of dialysis patients are premature until long-term and adverse effects are better defined.
<i>n</i>-3 PUFAs in cardiovascular disease; Many large, randomised clinical trials and some meta-analyses have shown that treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) is associated with consistent benefits on cardiovascular (CV) events, primarily due to a reduction of coronary and CV deaths in patients with coronary heart disease. At variance with such evidence, some clinical trials and meta-analyses showing a neutral effect of n-3 PUFAs have been recently published, raising concern about the consistency of the evidence on the CV benefits of n-3 PUFAs. Several methodological and clinical aspects of these recent trials deserve to be considered. Indeed, the low rate of events or the overoptimistic expectations of the benefit of n-3 PUFAs used for sample size calculation led to an inadequate statistical power of several studies. The improvement of background medical therapy, serum baseline levels of n-3 PUFAs, and different doses and/or treatment duration might have downplayed the benefit of n-3 PUFAs. Similarly to old drugs shown to be effective some years ago, it is possible that the benefits of treatment with n-3 PUFAs are not as great in a modern CV prevention strategy so rich in many effective drugs compared with past trials testing CV drugs when less effective therapies were available. (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Combination therapy with prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters and statin improves non-HDL-C more effectively than statin alone; Evaluation of: Bays HE, McKenney J, Maki KC, Doyle RT, Carter RN, Stein E: Effects of prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters on non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol when coadministered with escalating doses of atorvastatin. Mayo Clin. Proc. 85(2), 122-128 (2010). Non-HDL-C is an important parameter of cardiovascular risk but many patients do not achieve non-HDL-C target values by monotherapy with a statin. In this study, the effects of combined treatment with prescription omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters plus escalating dosages (10, 20 and 40 mg/day) of atorvastatin on non-HDL-C and other lipid parameters were investigated in a 20-week, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of 245 patients with high non-HDL-C. Such a combination treatment reduced median non-HDL-C levels more than the treatment with atorvastatin alone but also caused a significant decrease of total cholesterol, VLDL-C and triglycerides and an increase in HDL-C and LDL-C, in the median percentage change from baseline. When compared with the placebo group, a therapeutic approach that incorporates a combination of these drugs for atherogenic dyslipidemia treatment could be widely adopted since such a therapy might offer a means to increase the number of patients that meet their non-HDL-C and other lipoprotein goals according to guidelines. However, it has to be stated that data on cardiovascular outcomes of such a combination treatment are still lacking.
Effect of fish oil on ventricular tachyarrhythmia in three studies in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators; To determine the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) from fish on the incidence of recurrent ventricular arrhythmia in implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) patients by combining results from published trials.
Multiple differences between patients who initiate fish oil supplementation post-myocardial infarction and those who do not: the TRIUMPH Study; The utility of fish oil supplements (FOS) in patients who survive an acute myocardial infarction (MI) remains controversial, with randomized trials showing less benefit than observational studies would suggest. The differences in the characteristics of MI patients who use FOS in routine clinical care are unknown but may help explain this discrepancy. We used data from a 24-site registry study in which extensive information was available on 4340 MI patients at admission and 1, 6, and 12 months postdischarge. After excluding those using FOS at admission (n = 651), those who died before the 1-month follow-up visit (n = 63), and those with missing data at 1 month (n = 1228), 2398 remained. Of them, 377 (16%) started FOS within 1 month of their MI. We analyzed 53 patient characteristics associated with FOS use. We observed differences (P < .001) in 20 demographic, socioeconomic, treatment, disease severity, and health status domains. The FOS users were more likely than nonusers to be white, married, financially secure, highly educated, and eating fish. They also had a higher ejection fraction at discharge, were more likely to have had in hospital percutaneous coronary interventions, and were more likely to have participated in cardiac rehabilitation programs. The FOS users were less likely to have a history of diabetes, alcohol abuse, stroke, MI, and angina. In conclusion, post-MI patients who initiate FOS within 1 month of discharge in routine clinical practice differ substantially from those who do not. These differences are strongly associated with a better post-MI prognosis and may illuminate several sources of unmeasured confounding in observational studies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutritional mechanisms that influence cardiovascular disease; Current evidence suggests that most significant risk factors for heart disease have been identified. Although age, sex, and genetics are important unmodifiable risk factors, most new cases of acute myocardial infarctions today can be predicted by the presence and level of 9 risk (or cardioprotective) factors that can easily be assessed and, most importantly, modified. These risk factors are the same in almost every geographic region and in every racial/ethnic group worldwide and are consistent in men and women. Eight of these 9 risk factors are influenced by diet, and most act by promoting atherogenesis, which is the most important background condition for cardiovascular disease. Dietary interventions mostly affect atherogenesis by modulating, at the cellular level, proinflammatory processes that initiate and perpetuate endothelial dysfunction, plaque formation, and, eventually, plaque rupture. For example, there is now enough evidence, both epidemiologic and clinical, of the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids. Either as part of a normal low-fat diet or as supplements, these fatty acids are now recommended to prevent cardiovascular disease. This review will summarize the mechanisms by which diet may influence atherogenesis through the early inception, progression, and clinical emergence of atherosclerosis, with a special focus on n-3 fatty acids.
Fish, omega-3 long-chain fatty acids, and all-cause mortality in a low-income US population: Results from the Southern Community Cohort Study; Background: We examined associations between fish and n-3 LCFA and mortality in a prospective study with a large proportion of blacks with low socio-economic status.
Fish and omega-3 fatty acid intake in relation to circulating fibroblast growth factor 23 levels in renal transplant recipients; Background and aims: A high circulating fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) level is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality in renal transplant recipients and the general population. N-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may contribute to cardiovascular risk reduction. We investigated whether fish and EPA-DHA intake are related to FGF23 levels in renal transplant recipients.
Vitamin D was Superior to Omega-3 as a Simvastatin Adjuvant in Improving Blood Lipids and Atherogenic Index in Type-I Dyslipidemic Rats; Objectives: Adjuvant therapy is often used to optimize the antihyperlipidemic effect of simvastatin. Omega-3 and vitamin D supplementation are recommended as adjuvant therapies to low-intensity statins. This study aimed to compare the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 as adjuvant therapy to simvastatin to improve the lipid profiles and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in type-I dyslipidemic rats. Materials and Methods: Thirty-six male rats were randomized and divided into six groups: healthy control, dyslipidemic rats with no treatment, and dyslipidemic rats treated with either low-dose simvastatin only or omega-3 or vitamin D at low and high doses. Dyslipidemia was induced with high-fat diets for four weeks, followed by treatment for the next two weeks. Blood samples were withdrawn before and after simvastatin treatment. In addition, aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) levels were analyzed to assess liver function. Results: Administration of a high-fat diet-induced type 1 dyslipidemia and increased ALT levels (p < 0.05). Treatment with low-dose simvastatin did not significantly improve triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) or non-HDLc levels. When combined with a high-dose vitamin D, simvastatin significantly reduced TG and increased HDLc levels (p < 0.05), thereby improving AIP levels. This improvement was not observed in rats treated with omega-3 or vitamin D at a lower dose. Conclusion: We concluded that high-dose vitamin D as an adjuvant to simvastatin therapy was superior to omega-3 in improving TG, HDL, and AIP levels. High-dose vitamin D also improved ALT levels in type-I dyslipidemic rats. This result may be translated in clinics to reduce the risk of coronary syndrome in patients with type-I dyslipidemia.
Fish Oil and Cardiometabolic Diseases: Recent Updates and Controversies; Fatty acids derived from fish oil are long-chain omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids. The important polyunsaturated fatty acids of fish oil are eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid. For decades, there has been a debate about the use of omega-3 fatty acids and their benefits on cardiovascular health. The more recent trials including the JELIS, VITAL, STRENGTH, and ASCEND trials, addressed the paucity of data of omega-3 fatty acids on primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events and the risk-benefit balance of these supplements. Prior to these studies, many large randomized controlled trials have shown conflicting results on the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with prior coronary artery disease, stroke, or major vascular events. These inconsistent results warrant a better understanding of the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the subtypes of cardiovascular diseases, and their use in primary and secondary prevention. More recently, icosapent ethyl showed a significant reduction in cardiovascular mortality and ischemic events in patients with elevated triglyceride (TG) and established cardiovascular disease or diabetes. The REDUCE-IT trial paved the way to further reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with high TG despite being on a maximally tolerated statin. The aim of this review is to discuss these recent updates on the use of various forms of fish oil, including prescription form and supplement in cardiometabolic diseases, and their surrounding controversies. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, hair mercury and exercise-induced myocardial ischaemia in men; Objective Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish have been inversely associated with coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. Fish may also contain methylmercury, which has been associated with higher CHD risk and may diminish the cardioprotective effect of long-chain omega-3 PUFA. We investigated the associations of serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA and hair mercury with the odds for myocardial ischaemia during exercise. Methods A total of 2199 men from the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study, aged 42-60 years were studied in 1984-89. Of the 2199 men, 342 had history of CHD. The men performed a maximal symptom-limited exercise stress test using an electrically braked bicycle ergometer. ORs for exercise-induced myocardial ischaemia were estimated with logistic regression. Results In the multivariable analysis, those in the highest versus lowest serum long-chain omega-3 PUFA quartile had 33% lower odds of myocardial ischaemia (OR 0.67, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.87, p-trend=0.006). The association was stronger among those with CHD history (OR 0.10, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.39, p-trend <0.001), than among those without (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.12, p-trend=0.17) (p-interaction=0.01). Higher hair mercury concentration was associated with increased odds for myocardial ischaemia in the entire population (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.22 to 2.14, p-trend=0.002). Conclusion Higher circulating concentrations of the long-chain omega-3 PUFAs, a marker for fish consumption, were associated with lower occurrence of exercise-induced myocardial ischaemia, but only among men with CHD history. Hair mercury concentration was directly associated with the occurrence of exercise-induced myocardial ischaemia in the entire study population.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation does not reduce vulnerability to atrial fibrillation in remodeling atria; BACKGROUND Prophylactic supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce vulnerability to atrial fibrillation (AF). The effect of PUFAs given after cardiac injury has occurred is unknown.
Omega-3 fatty acids, polymorphisms and lipid related cardiovascular disease risk factors in the Inuit population; Background: Tissue concentrations of fatty acids (FAs) and genetic variations are well-known factors which affect the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The objective was to examine whether the genetic variability of 20 candidate genes and red blood cells (RBCs) percentage of total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), a biomarker of dietary n-3 PUFA intake, modulate lipid related CVD risk factors in the Inuit population.
Fish consumption, n-3 fatty acids, and subsequent 5-y cognitive decline in elderly men: the Zutphen Elderly Study; Background: Indications have been seen of a protective effect of fish consumption and the intake of n-3 fatty acids on cognitive decline. However, studies are scarce and results inconsistent.
The protective effect of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiac injury in lipopolysaccharide-induced acute sepsis rats model; Sepsis is a systemic inflammatory response to a local infection induced by microbes and endotoxins. Severe sepsis can lead to vital organ dysfunction and corresponds with a high mortality. Despite intensive treatment modalities, such as antibiotics, low molecular weight heparin therapy, and so on, there is still no highly effective therapeutic approach for sepsis. Recently, the combination of antibiotics with drug molecules has attracted attention. The search for new potentially potent medicines and the elucidation of the underlying mechanisms of sepsis pathology are vital for the advancement of sepsis therapy. A lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced sepsis rat model was established, the cardiac muscle tissues were stained with Hematoxylin & Eosin (HE), and the changes in cardiac tissue morphology were examined under a transmission electron microscope. The protein expression levels of protein phosphokinase I (PIIC), the inner mitochondrial membrane protein (ANT), and phospholamban (PLN) were analyzed by Western blot. Next, the mRNA expression levels of calsequestrin (CASQ1), Na+-Ca2+ exchanger (NCX), sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)ATPase (SERCA2a), ryanodine receptor (RyR2), protein phosphatase type 1 alpha (PPP1CA), mitochondrial carrier, adenine nucleotide translocator 25, member 4 (Slc25a4), and PLN were all analyzed using real-time quantitative PCR. We found a lesion in the mitochondria of the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced sepsis model. After treatment with omega-3 fish oil, the cardiac muscle cell morphology was recovered and the ultrastructural lesions were alleviated. Furthermore, we identified the involvement of genes expressed in cardiac muscle cell plasma, as well as mitochondria related enzymes, among the beneficial effects of fish oil treatment on sepsis. In conclusion, Omega-3 fish oil alleviates mitochondria lesions in our lipopolysaccharide-induced sepsis rat model. This work provides a potential molecular mechanism underlying sepsis treatment with fish oil fatty acids, indicating its possible application in sepsis therapy.
Liver-protecting effects of omega-3 fish oil lipid emulsion in liver transplantation; AIM: To investigate the liver-protecting effect of parenteral nutrition (PN) support with omega-3 fatty acids in a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Exercise and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation for the Treatment of Hepatic Steatosis in Hyperphagic OLETF Rats; Background and Aims. This study examined if exercise and omega-3 fatty acid (n3PUFA) supplementation is an effective treatment for hepatic steatosis in obese, hyperphagic Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats. Methods. Male OLETF rats were divided into 4 groups (n = 8/group): (1) remained sedentary (SED), (2) access to running wheels; (EX) (3) a diet supplemented with 3% of energy from fish oil (n3PUFA-SED); and (4) n3PUFA supplementation plus EX (n3PUFA+ EX). The 8 week treatments began at 13 weeks, when hepatic steatosis is present inOLETF-SED rats. Results. EX alone lowered hepatic triglyceride (TAG) while, in contrast, n3PUFAs failed to lower hepatic TAG and blunted the ability of EX to decrease hepatic TAG levels in n3PUFAs+ EX. Insulin sensitivity was improved in EX animals, to a lesser extent in n3PUFA+ EX rats, and did not differ between n3PUFA-SED and SED rats. Only the EX group displayed higher complete hepatic fatty acid oxidation (FAO) to CO2 and carnitine palmitoyl transferase-1 activity. EX also lowered hepatic fatty acid synthase protein while both EX and n3PUFA+ EX decreased stearoyl CoA desaturase-1 protein. Conclusions. Exercise lowers hepatic steatosis through increased complete hepatic FAO, insulin sensitivity, and reduced expression of de novo fatty acid synthesis proteins while n3PUFAs had no effect.
Complementary Effects of Multivitamin and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Indices of Cardiovascular Health in Individuals with Elevated Homocysteine; Homocysteine (HCY), C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and triglycerides (TG) are risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). While multivitamins (MVit) may reduce HCY and hsCRP, omega-3 fatty acids (N3) reduce TG; yet, they are seldom studied simultaneously. We randomly assigned 100 participants with baseline HCY (> 8.0 umol/L) to the daily ingestion of: (1) placebo, (2) MVit (VitC: 200 mg; VitE: 400 IU; VitB6: 25 mg; Folic Acid: 400 ug; VitB12: 400 ug) + placebo, (3) N3 (2 g N3, 760 mg EPA, 440 mg DHA) + placebo, or (4) MVit + N3 for 12 weeks. At follow-up, we observed significant reductions in HCY (umol/L) for the MVit (-1.43, 95 %CI, -2.39, -0.47) and MVit + N3 groups (-1.01, 95 %CI, -1.98, -0.04) groups, both being significant (p < 0.05) vs. placebo (-0.57, 95 %CI, -1.49,0.35) and N3 (1.11, 95 % CI, 0.07, 2.17). hsCRP (nmol/L) was significantly reduced in the MVit (-6.00, 95 %CI, -1.04, -0.15) and MVit + N3 (-0.98, 95 %CI, -1.51, -0.46) groups, but not vs. placebo (-0.15, 95 %CI, -0.74,0.43) or N3 (-0.53,95 %CI, -1.18, 0.12). Lastly, we observed significant reductions in TG for the N3 (-0.41, 95 %CI, -0.69, -0.13) and MVit + N3 (-0.71, 95 %CI, -0.93, -0.46) groups, both significant vs. placebo (-0.10, 95 %CI, -0.36, 0.17) and MVit groups (0.15, 95 %CI, -12, 0.42). The co-ingestion of MVit + N3 provides synergistic affects on HCY, hsCRP, and plasma TG.
Reflections on the Diet and Reinfarction Trial (DART); The Diet and Reinfarction Trial (DART) was the first randomized controlled trial to test the hypothesis that oily fish confers protection against coronary heart disease. It showed a reduction in mortality during the 2 years after myocardial infarction among men who were advised to eat about 300 g of oily fish per week, or who took fish oil supplements giving an equivalent amount of n-3 fatty acids. These findings have been confirmed by the GISSI-Prevenzione trial, the Lyon Diet Heart Study, and various cohort studies.
Improved arterial inflammation with high dose omega-3 fatty acids in patients with elevated lipoprotein(a): Selective effect of eicosapentaenoic acid?; Elevated lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] is a causal risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there are no approved and effective treatments for lowering Lp(a) and the associated cardio-vascular risks. Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3FAs), primarily eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahex-aenoic acid (DHA), have both triglyceride-lowering and anti-inflammatory properties. This pilot study investigated the effect of high dose omega-3FAs (3.6 g/day) on arterial inflammation in 12 patients with elevated Lp(a) (> 0.5 g/L) and stable coronary artery disease (CAD) receiving cholesterol-lowering treatment. Arterial inflammation w as determined using 18F-fluorodexo yglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography before and after 12-weeks intervention. omega-3FAs significantly lowered plasma
Effects of Food on the Pharmacokinetics of Omega-3-Carboxylic Acids in Healthy Japanese Male Subjects: A Phase I, Randomized, Open-label, Three-period, Crossover Trial; Aims: Omega-3-carboxylic acids (OM3-CA) contain omega-3 free fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), as carboxylic acids. Food intake is known to affect the bioavailability of ethyl ester fatty acid formulations. We conducted a phase I study to investigate the effects of the timing of OM3-CA administration relative to food intake on the pharmacokinetics of EPA and DHA.
Alternative Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease Part 1; Cardiovascular disease, which includes coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, congestive heart failure, dyslipidemias, and hypertension, affect millions of Americans and are perennially near the top of the list of causes of morbidity and mortality. Poor people are affected at an even greater rate and are more likely to die or suffer significant disability from these illnesses. It has been shown that many holistic therapies are cost-effective and well-tolerated alternatives to traditional allopathic remedies.
Influence of arginine, omega-3 fatty acids and nucleotide-supplemented enteral support on systemic inflammatory response syndrome and multiple organ failure in patients after severe trauma; This study investigated the influence of an enteral diet supplemented with arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, and nucleotides (Impact, Sandoz Nutrition, Berne, Switzerland) on the incidence of systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) and multiple organ failure (MOF) in patients after severe trauma. Thirty-two patients with an injury-severity score >20 were included in this prospective, randomized, double-blind, controlled study. Primary endpoints were the incidence of SIRS and MOF. Secondary endpoints were parameters of acute phase and immune response as well as infection rate, mortality, and hospital stay. For statistical analysis 29 patients (test group n = 16, control n = 13) were eligible. In the test group, significantly fewer SIRS days per patient were found during 28 d. The difference was highly significant between d 8-14 (P < 0.001). MOF score was significantly lower in the test group on d 3 and d 8-11 (P < 0.05). Acute phase parameters showed lower C-reactive protein serum levels (significant on D day 4) and fibrinogen plasma levels (significant on d 12 and 14; P < 0.05). HLA-DR expression on monocytes showed significantly higher fluorescence activity on d 7. No significant difference was found for T-lymphocyte CD4/CD8 ratio, interleukin-2 receptor expression, infection rate, mortality (2/16 vs. 4/13), and hospital stay. The results of the study provide further support for beneficial effects of arginine, omega-3-fatty acids and nucleotide-supplemented enteral diet in critically ill patients. (C)Elsevier Science Inc. 1998.
Letter to the editor regarding "Omega-3 fats in pregnancy: could a targeted approach lead to better metabolic health for children?"; The purpose of our letter to the editor is to offer additional perspective regarding 4 statements that do not fully represent the totality of the available scientific evidence. The 4 statements are as follows: (1) "Multiple studies have shown that n-3 PUFA products frequently have less n-3 PUFA content than labelled"; (2) "Recently, krill oil supplementation was shown to induce insulin resistance, indicating that it is potentially harmful"; (3) "... fish oil products are frequently oxidized at the time of purchase"; and (4) "In rats, supplementation with oxidized fish oil during pregnancy induced persistent maternal insulin resistance and increased neonatal mortality rate." We respectfully request the authors' future publications consider the totality of the available scientific evidence.
Effect of long-term omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation with or without multidomain intervention on cognitive function in elderly adults with memory complaints (MAPT): a randomised, placebo-controlled trial; Background No large trials have been done to investigate the efficacy of an intervention combining a specific compound and several lifestyle interventions compared with placebo for the prevention of cognitive decline. We tested the effect of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation and a multidomain intervention (physical activity, cognitive training, and nutritional advice), alone or in combination, compared with placebo, on cognitive decline.
Low-Dose Omega-3 Fatty Acid and Vitamin D for Anthropometric, Biochemical Blood Indices and Respiratory Function. Does it work?; Omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin D3 have beneficial effects on different blood, cardiovascular parameters and physical performance. However, the effect of low-dose omega-3 fatty acid supplementation remains unclear. 84 office workers aged 40-60 years, participated in a 16-week open, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. The experimental group received 330 mg of omega-3 fatty acid and 0.005 mg (200 IU) of vitamin D3 per day and the control group received placebo. Anthropometric, biochemical blood and respiratory indices were measured at 12 and 16 weeks. Body mass (BM) and body mass index (BMI) significantly reduced in both the experimental (BM from 74.4 +/- 13.04 to 73.2 +/- 13.02 kg, p < 0.001: BMI from 25.8 +/- 4.1 to 25.4 +/- 4.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and the placebo groups (BM from 69.5 +/- 11. to 68.7 +/- 11.4 kg, p < 0.05; BMI from 24.1 +/- 4.0 to 23.8 +/- 4.2 kg/m(2), p < 0.05). Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation significantly improved glucose (from 5.12 +/- 0.55 to 4.97 +/- 0.62 mmol/l; p = 0.05), total cholesterol (from 5.86 +/- 1.0 to 5.32 +/- 1.55 mmol/l; p =0.003), and vitamin D levels (from 35.07 +/- 21.65 to 68.63 +/- 25.94 mmol/l: p = 0.000). Maximal oxygen consumption (from 33.7 +/- 2.4 to 36.6 +/- 3.2 ml/kg/min, p = 0.035), forced vital capacity (from 3.5 +/- 0.6 to 3.9 +/- 0.9 1, p = 0.044), forced expiratory volume (from 3.2 +/- 0.6 to 3.5 +/- 0.7 1, p = 0.014), and peak expiratory flow (from 6.7 +/- 1.4 to 7.5 +/- 1.6 l/s, p = 0.019) also slightly improved in the omega-3 fatty acid group. Daily supplementation of 330 mg of omega-3 fatty acids had a slight positive impact on total cholesterol and glucose level, while there was no effect on tow and high density lipoproteins, and trigtycerides levels. Therefore, dose of 330 mg per day seems as insufficient.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Mercury, and Selenium in Fish and the Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases; Fish consumption is associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Some fish species also contain methylmercury, which may increase cardiovascular risk, as well as selenium, a trace element that could counter the effects of methylmercury or have beneficial effects itself. These potentially conflicting effects have created public confusion about the risks and benefits of fish consumption in adults. We examined the evidence for cardiovascular effects of fish consumption, particularly effects of marine omega-3 fatty acids, methylmercury, and selenium. Compelling evidence indicates that modest fish consumption substantially reduces cardiovascular risk, in particular cardiac mortality, related at least partly to benefits of omega-3 fatty acids. In contrast, observational studies and (for selenium) clinical trials demonstrate mixed and inconclusive results for cardiovascular effects of methylmercury and selenium. Net health benefits of overall fish consumption in adults are clear. Quantitative risk-benefit analyses of cardiovascular effects of consuming specific fish species, based on joint contents of fatty acids, methylmercury, and selenium, cannot currently be performed until the cardiovascular effects of methylmercury and selenium are established.
Polarization of Macrophages in Human Adipose Tissue is Related to the Fatty Acid Spectrum in Membrane Phospholipids; Residential macrophages in adipose tissue play a pivotal role in the development of inflammation not only within this tissue, but also affect the proinflammatory status of the whole body. Data on human adipose tissue inflammation and the role of macrophages are rather scarce. We previously documented that the proportion of proinflammatory macrophages in human adipose tissue correlates closely with non-HDL cholesterol concentrations. We hypothesized that this is due to the identical influence of diet on both parameters and decided to analyze the fatty acid spectrum in cell membrane phospholipids of the same individuals as a parameter of the diet consumed. Proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory macrophages were isolated from human adipose tissue (n = 43) and determined by flow cytometry as CD14+CD16+CD36(high) and CD14+CD16-CD163+, respectively. The spectrum of fatty acids in phospholipids in the cell membranes of specimens of the same adipose tissue was analyzed, and the proportion of proinflammatory macrophage increased with the proportions of palmitic and palmitoleic acids. Contrariwise, these macrophages decreased with increasing alpha-linolenic acid, total n-3 fatty acids, n-3/n-6 ratio, and eicosatetraenoic acid. A mirror picture was documented for the proportion of anti-inflammatory macrophages. The dietary score, obtained using a food frequency questionnaire, documented a positive relation to proinflammatory macrophages in individuals who consumed predominantly vegetable fat and fish, and individuals who consumed diets based on animal fat without fish and nut consumption. he present data support our hypothesis that macrophage polarization in human visceral adipose tissue is related to fatty acid metabolism, cell membrane composition, and diet consumed. It is suggested that fatty acid metabolism might participate also in inflammation and the risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Artificial Rearing of Infant Mice Leads to n-3 Fatty Acid Deficiency in Cardiac, Neural and Peripheral Tissues; The ability to control the fatty acid content of the diet during early development is a crucial requirement for a one-generation model of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n3) deficiency. A hand feeding method using artificial rearing (AR) together with sterile, artificial milk was employed for feeding mice from postnatal day 2-15. The pups were fed an n-3 fatty acid adequate (3% alpha-linolenic acid (LNA; 18:3n3) + 1% 22:6n3) or a deficient diet (0.06% 18:3n3) with linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n6) as the only dietary source of essential fatty acids by AR along with a dam-reared control group (3.1% 18:3n3). The results indicate that restriction of n-3 fatty acid intake during postnatal development leads to markedly lower levels of brain, retinal, liver, plasma and heart 22:6n3 at 20 weeks of age with replacement by docosapentaenoic acid (DPAn6; 22:5n6), arachidonic acid (ARA; 20:4n6) and docosatetraenoic acid (DTA; 22:4n6). A detailed analysis of phospholipid classes of heart tissue indicated that phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylcholine and cardiolipin were the major repositories of 22:6n3, reaching 40, 29 and 15%, respectively. A novel heart cardiolipin species containing four 22:6n3 moieties is described. This is the first report of the application of artificially rearing to mouse pup nutrition; this technique will facilitate dietary studies of knockout animals as well as the study of essential fatty acid (EFA) functions in the cardiovascular, neural and other organ systems.
Potency of arachidonic acid in polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced death of human monocyte-macrophages:: implications for atherosclerosis; Evidence suggests that oxidation of LDL is involved in the progression of atherosclerosis by inducing apoptosis in macrophages. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are prominent components of LDL and are highly peroxidisable. We therefore tested PUFAs for induction of apoptosis in human monocyte-macrophages in vitro. Arachidonic acid (AA) induced the highest levels of apoptosis followed by docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), despite DHA and EPA being more peroxidisable than AA. alpha-Linolenic acid induced lower levels of apoptosis. Linoleic and oleic acids were innocuous. Results of experiments with AA products and enzyme inhibitors suggest roles for peroxidation, cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase in AA-induced apoptosis. Our results further suggest activation of PPAR7 by AA and DHA associated with apoptosis induction. These findings may be relevant to potential mechanisms of fatty acid influences on plaques and may suggest strategies for combating atherosclerosis progression. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients with Dysglycemia; BACKGROUND
Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish oil supplementation during pregnancy: which evidence?; Objective: The aim of this study was to provide evidence-based recommendations for omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy through a systematic review of level-1 data published on this topic.Methods: We reviewed all randomized-controlled trials (RCTs) including women who were randomized to treatment with either omega-3 supplementation or control (placebo or no treatment) during pregnancy and analyzed all the outcomes reported in the trials, separately. We planned to evaluate the effect of omega-3 on: preterm birth (PTB); pre-eclampsia (PE) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR); gestational diabetes; perinatal mortality; small for gestational age (SGA) and birth weight; infant eye and brain development; and postpartum depression.Results: We identified 34 RCTs including 14 106 singletons and 2578 twins. These level-1 data showed that omega-3 was not associated with prevention of PTB, PE, IUGR, gestational diabetes, SGA, post-partum depression or better children development. Data about birth weight, perinatal mortality and childhood cognitive outcome were limited. Women with gestational diabetes who received omega-3 had significantly lower serum C-reactive protein concentrations, low incidence of hyperbilirubinemia in newborns and decreased newborns' hospitalization rate.Conclusions: There was not enough evidence to support the routine use of omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy. Given the 73% significant decrease in perinatal death in the singleton gestations who started omega-3 supplementation 20 weeks, further research is needed. Large RCTs in multiple gestations and longer follow-up are also required.
Effect of diet and omega-3 fatty acid intervention on asymmetric dimethylarginine; Background and aim: Impaired vasodilatation has been suggested to be caused by inhibition of nitric oxide generation by the recently described asymmetric dimethylarginine ( ADMA). In the present study we wanted to explore whether n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation and/or diet intervention have beneficial influence on endothelial function assessed as plasma levels of ADMA and L-arginine.
Relation of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake to serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol among Japanese men in Japan and Japanese-American men in Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study; Epidermologic evidence shows an inverse relationship between fish consumption and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality. Associations between dietary intake of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and serum high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentration are unknown. In this study, the association between n-3 PUFA (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA)) intake and serum HDL cholesterol among Japanese men and women in Japan and Hawaii was examined. The study population consisted of Japanese ancestries from five research centers of the International Study of Macronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP) Study, in Japan and Hawaii (672 men and 676 women), surveyed between 1996 and 1998. Four 24-h dietary recalls and one set of serum lipid measurements were performed. For men, n-3 PUFA intake and HDL cholesterol were higher in Japan than in Hawaii (n-3 PUFA: 1.32 g/day versus 0.47 g/day, p<0.001). For women, n-3 PUFA intake was higher in Japan than in Hawaii (P<0.001) but HDL cholesterol was not significantly different (p=0.752). After adjustment for age, body mass index, physical activity, number of cigarettes per day, alcohol intake, and hormone replacement therapy (for women), n-3 PUFA intake was positively associated with serum HDL cholesterol in men (4.6 mg/dl higher HDL cholesterol with 1%kcal higher n-3 PUFA intake, p=0.011). This association was not observed in women. This positive association of dietary n-3 PUFA with serum HDL cholesterol may partially explain the low mortality from CHID among Japanese men. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A review of economic evaluations for beneficial health outcomes of micronutrient and long-chain omega-3 fatty acid supplementation; A comprehensive review of the literature identified 13 papers exploring economic evaluations of supplementation with micronutrients or long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in developed countries. Evidence of efficacy included single-study-based estimates and estimates based on published meta-analyses or data synthesis. Results suggest that supplementation with specific micronutrients or long-chain omega-3 fatty acids for specific health outcomes, and targeted at particular population groups, may be cost-effective or deliver cost savings for health care providers. While the quality of the analyses was variable and some authors reported considerable uncertainty of the results, the approaches adopted were in the main conservative. This suggests that investigating the potential economic impact of supplementation, particularly where there is good evidence of efficacy and predicted clinical benefit, is informative. Economic evaluations may also be useful to assess whether further nutritional research into particular health outcomes is a good investment of funds.
Deficiencies and abnormalities of essential fats in gastrointestinal and coronary artery disease; The essential fats omega 3 and omega 6 are two families of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consisting of the essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their fatty acid derivatives. The EFAs linoleic acid (omega 6) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega 3) have long been known to be essential. A commonly used measure of EFA deficiency (EFAD) is an increase in the ratio 20:3 omega 9/20:4 omega 6-the ratio of the concentrations of triene (20:3 omega 9) to tetraene (20:4 omega 6) (T/T). Other measures include shifts in the formation of omega 7 and omega 9 derivatives, particularly 16:1 omega 7, as well as the percent and concentrations of PUFAs in:plasma and red blood cells (RBCs).
Long-term up to 24-month efficacy and safety of concomitant prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters and simvastatin in hypertriglyceridemic patients; Assess the long-term efficacy and safety of prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters (P-OM3) coadministered with simvastatin in an extension of the Combination of Prescription Omega-3 Plus Simvastatin (COMBOS) trial.
Lignan Content of the Flaxseed Influences Its Biological Effects in Healthy Men and Women; Objective: The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) as well as lignan components of flaxseed (FLX) can have beneficial effects. In this 6-week-long, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study, we investigated the effects of FLX lignans on cardiovascular risk factors.
Review article: omega-3 fatty acids - a promising novel therapy for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; P>Background
Correlation of omega-3 levels in serum phospholipid from 2053 human blood samples with key fatty acid ratios; Background: This research was conducted to explore the relationships between the levels of omega-3 fatty acids in serum phospholipid and key fatty acid ratios including potential cut-offs for risk factor assessment with respect to coronary heart disease and fatal ischemic heart disease.
Precision Nutrition and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: A Case for Personalized Supplementation Approaches for the Prevention and Management of Human Diseases; Background: Dietary essential omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) 18 carbon (18C-) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), linoleic acid (LA) and -linolenic acid (ALA), can be converted (utilizing desaturase and elongase enzymes encoded by FADS and ELOVL genes) to biologically-active long chain (LC; >= 20)-PUFAs by numerous cells and tissues. These n-6 and n-3 LC-PUFAs and their metabolites (ex, eicosanoids and endocannabinoids) play critical signaling and structural roles in almost all physiologic and pathophysiologic processes. Methods: This review summarizes: (1) the biosynthesis, metabolism and roles of LC-PUFAs; (2) the potential impact of rapidly altering the intake of dietary LA and ALA; (3) the genetics and evolution of LC-PUFA biosynthesis; (4) Gene-diet interactions that may lead to excess levels of n-6 LC-PUFAs and deficiencies of n-3 LC-PUFAs; and (5) opportunities for precision nutrition approaches to personalize n-3 LC-PUFA supplementation for individuals and populations. Conclusions: The rapid nature of transitions in 18C-PUFA exposure together with the genetic variation in the LC-PUFA biosynthetic pathway found in different populations make mal-adaptations a likely outcome of our current nutritional environment. Understanding this genetic variation in the context of 18C-PUFA dietary exposure should enable the development of individualized n-3 LC-PUFA supplementation regimens to prevent and manage human disease.
Heart-protective effect of n-3 PUFA demonstrated in a rat model of diabetic cardiomyopathy; This study was designed to examine in vivo functional changes of the heart in the early stages of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic cardiomyopathy and to evaluate the effects of n-3 PUFA intake. Moreover, we investigated whether modulation of diabetes-related abnormalities of myocardial connexin-43 (Cx43), beta-myosin heavy chain (beta-MHC), and beta 1-adrenergic receptors (beta 1-AR) might be implicated in the cardioprotective mechanism of n-3 PUFA. Our results showed significantly reduced cardiac output and ejection fraction (using the microtip pressure-volume catheter technique) as well as stroke volume and stroke work, 4 weeks after STZ-induced diabetes, with improvement of these parameters due to n-3 PUFA consumption. Myocardial expression of Cx43 mRNA estimated by real-time polymerase chain reaction did not change in diabetic rats regardless of n-3 PUFA consumption (100 mg/100 g b.w./day). In contrast, the total and functional phosphorylated form of Cx43 protein increased significantly, and its cardiomyocyte-related distribution was disordered in the diabetic heart, but these changes normalized because of n-3 PUFA intake. Furthermore, acute diabetes was accompanied by decrease of myocardial beta 1-AR mRNA expression and mild yet nonsignificant increase of beta-MHC mRNA. These alterations were not significantly affected by n-3 PUFA. In conclusion, the results point out that STZ-diabetic rats benefit from n-3 PUFA consumption particularly because of the attenuation of myocardial Cx43 abnormalities that most likely contributes to improvement of cardiac function.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on hypoalbuminemia in acute heart failure patients with increased inflammatory activity; Introduction: inflammatory activity (IA) is a cause of hypoalbuminemia in patients with acute heart failure (AHF).
Drug Therapy for Hypertriglyceridemia: Fibrates and Omega-3 Fatty Acids; The reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients at risk for acute cardiovascular events is the cornerstone of lipid management in both the primary and secondary prevention settings. Serum triglyceride levels exceeding 150 mg/dL are abnormal and confer increased risk for developing coronary artery disease in both men and women. Serum triglycerides are derived from both dietary and endogenous biosynthetic pathways. Triglyceride metabolism has a complex regulatory circuitry and intimately impacts the production and disposal of multiple lipoprotein species. Hypertriglyceridemia is highly prevalent and is associated with multiple forms of dyslipidemia but tends to be undertreated. Therapeutic intervention with fibric acid derivatives and omega-3 fish oils is associated with significant reductions in both fasting and postprandial serum triglyceride concentrations. A variety of prospective, placebo-controlled clinical trials have also shown that these agents significantly impact risk for multiple cardiovascular end points.
Small High-Density Lipoprotein and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake Differentiates Japanese and Japanese-Americans: The INTERLIPID Study; Aim: To identify the most differentiated serum lipids, especially concerning particle size and fractions, between Japanese living in Japan and Japanese-Americans in Hawaii, in the absence of possible genetic confounders, and cross-sectionally examine the associated modifiable lifestyle factors. Methods: Overall, 1,241 (aged 40-59 years) Japanese living in Japan and Japanese-Americans in Hawaii were included. We quantified 130 serum lipid profiles (VLDL 1-5, IDL, LDL 1-6, high-density lipoprotein [HDL] 1-4, and their subfractions) using Bruker's 1H-nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometer for the primary outcome. Modifiable lifestyle factors included body mass index (BMI), physical activity, alcohol and smoking habits, and 70 nutrient parameters. We evaluated the different lipids between the groups using partial least squares discriminant analysis and association between extracted lipids and lifestyle factors using multivariable linear regression analysis. Results: Concentrations of HDL4, HDL with the smallest particle size, were lower in Japanese than in Japanese Americans of both sexes. Higher fish-derived omega-3 fatty acid intake and lower alcohol intake were associated with lower HDL4 concentrations. A 1% higher kcal intake of total omega-3 fatty acids was associated with a 9.8mg/dL lower HDL4. Fish-derived docosapentaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid intake were inversely associated with HDL4 concentration. There was no relationship between country, sex, age, or BMI. Conclusions: Japanese and Japanese-Americans can be differentiated based on HDL4 concentration. High fish intake among the Japanese may contribute to their lower HDL4 concentration. Thus, HDL particle size may be an important clinical marker for coronary artery diseases or a fish consumption biomarker.
Omega-3 fatty acids and heart failure; During the past three decades, the protective role of omega (n)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), mainly eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, in patients with coronary heart disease has been widely reported. The Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto Miocardico-Heart Failure (GISSI-HF) study, a large-scale clinical trial, recently showed that n-3 PUFA (850-882 mg/d) reduced mortality and admission to the hospital for cardiovascular reasons in patients with chronic heart failure (HF) who were already receiving recommended therapies. The favorable effects of n-3 PUFA in GISSI-HF suggest that marine fish oils could confer protection in HF mainly through their antiarrhythmic action and in part by influencing the mechanisms related to HF progression. This article reviews recent clinical and experimental evidence on the effect of n-3 PUFA in coronary heart disease, with particular attention on HF and its pathophysiologic mechanisms.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids and fish consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes; Background: Although dietary omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids may confer some cardiovascular benefits, it is unclear whether these nutrients may also unfavorably affect risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Effects of Ezetimibe on Serum Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; Residual risk of cardiovascular disease might stem, at least partially, from low serum concentrations of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of ezetimibe on serum lipids and PUFAs in patients with coronary artery disease who were intolerant of new or high-dose statin therapy. The study population consisted of 13 patients who were intolerant of new statin therapy and 10 patients who were intolerant of high-dose statin therapy for the treatment of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Patients who were intolerant of high-dose statin therapy continued taking a statin, but at a lower dose during the study period. Blood samples were collected before and 12 weeks after ezetimibe (10 mg). We measured serum lipids and PUFAs including dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid. Ezetimibe significantly decreased LDL cholesterol (138 +/- 19 mg/dL to 97 +/- 34 mg/dL, P <0.01), but did not significantly affect high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, or any of the PUFAs measured during the follow-up period. Consequently, it did not affect the ratio of EPA to AA (0.40 +/- 0.17 to 0.43 +/- 0.18, P = ns) or the ratio of n-3 PUFA to n-6 PUFA (1.10 +/- 0.39 to 1.09 +/- 0.36, P = ns) during the follow-up period. Ezetimibe in combination with a low-dose statin, or as monotherapy in statin-intolerant patients, decreased LDL cholesterol, but did not significantly affect serum PUFA concentrations in patients with coronary artery disease.
Effect of omega-3 supplementation on the nutritional status of patients with pancreatic cancer: A protocol for systematic review of clinical trials; Background:Globally, pancreatic cancer is the seventh most common cause of cancer-related death in both sexes, accounting for 466,003 deaths and 495,773 new cases in 2020. The purpose of this study was to synthesize and evaluate evidence on the effects of omega-3 supplementation on the nutritional status of patients with pancreatic cancer. Methods:This systematic review protocol will be guided by Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Protocols. Five databases will be searched: MEDLINE/PubMed, CENTRAL Cochrane, EMBASE, Web of Science, and SCOPUS, with no restrictions on the publication date nor language. The internal validity and risk of bias of randomized controlled trials will be assessed using the revised Cochrane Risk-Of-Bias tool for randomized trials (RoB 2), whereas the risk of bias in non-randomized studies of interventions will be evaluated using the ROBINS-I. The heterogeneity among the studies will be assessed using the I-2 statistic. Based on the results of this test, we will verify whether the meta-analysis would be feasible. If feasibility would be confirmed, a random-effect model analysis will be performed. For data analysis, the calculation of the pooled effect estimates will have a 95% confidence interval, while the alpha will be set to 0.05 using the R statistical software version 4.0.4. All methodological steps of this review will be performed independently by two reviewers and will be conducted and managed in the EPPI-Reviewer Software (TM). Results:This review may be of particular interest to researchers and clinicians, given the low survival and overall burden of patients with pancreatic cancer. Furthermore, the results of this systematic review may contribute to the development of new nutritional interventions in these patients. Conclusion:To the best of our knowledge, this will be the first study to critically assess the scientific evidence and estimate the effect of omega-3 supplementation on the nutritional status of patients with pancreatic cancer. The review will perform a rigorous approach, adhering to the PRISMA Statement 2020 using a comprehensive and systematic search strategy in five databases and additional sources with no time period nor language restrictions.
Can ω-3 fatty acids and tocotrienol-rich vitamin E reduce symptoms of neurodevelopmental disorders?; The incidence of childhood neurodevelopmental disorders, which include autism, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders, and apraxia, are increasing worldwide and have a profound effect on the behaviors, cognitive skills, mood, and self-esteem of these children. Although the etiologies of these disorders are unclear, they often accompany genetic and biochemical abnormalities resulting in cognitive and communication difficulties. Because cognitive and neural development require essential fatty acids (particularly long-chain omega-3 fatty acids often lacking in mother's and children's diets) during critical growth periods, the potential behavior-modifying effects of these fatty acids as "brain nutrients" has attracted considerable attention. Additionally, there is compelling evidence for increased oxidative stress, altered antioxidant defenses, and neuroinflammation in these children. The purpose of this review is to provide a scientific rationale based on cellular, experimental animal model, observational, and clinical intervention studies for incorporating the combination of omega-3 fatty acids and tocotrienol-rich vitamin E as complementary nutritional therapies in children with neurodevelopmental disorders. Should this nutritional combination correct key clinical or biochemical outcomes and/or improve behavioral patterns, it would provide a safe, complementary option for these children. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Higher omega-3 index is associated with more rapid heart rate recovery in healthy men and women; Background: Previous studies have suggested that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) can favorably influence cardiac autonomic tone. However, data regarding n-3 PUFA status and heart rate recovery (HRR) in healthy adults are sparse.
Parenteral ω-3 Fatty Acid Lipid Emulsions for Children With Intestinal Failure and Other Conditions: A Systematic Review; Background: There is growing interest in the use of omega-3 fatty acid (n-3FA) lipid emulsions to prevent complications associated with parenteral nutrition. The authors systematically reviewed the evidence on the benefits and safety of n-3FA compared with standard lipid emulsions in children with intestinal disease, critical illness, trauma, or postoperative complications. Materials and Methods: The authors searched 4 bibliographic databases from their inception to March 2011, conference proceedings, trial registries, and reference lists. Two reviewers independently selected studies, assessed methodological quality, and rated the strength of the evidence. One reviewer extracted and a second reviewer verified data. The authors summarized findings qualitatively and conducted meta-analysis when appropriate. Results: Five randomized controlled trials with unclear risk of bias and 3 high-quality prospective cohort studies were included. The studies examined premature, low birth weight infants (n = 6) and children with heart disease (n = 1) or intestinal failure (n = 1). The strength of evidence was consistently low or very low across all lipid emulsion comparisons and outcomes. In young children, n-3FA emulsions resulted in improvement in some biochemical outcomes of intestinal failure-associated liver disease but no difference in mortality. Few studies examined patient-important outcomes, such as length of hospital and intensive care stay; need for transplantation, growth, and cognitive development; or the long-term effects and potential harms associated with these therapies. Conclusions: Currently, there is a lack of sufficient high-quality data to support the use of parenteral n-3FA lipid emulsions in children. Future trials examining long-term clinical outcomes and harms are needed. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2013;37:44-55)
Clinical correlates of red blood cell omega-3 fatty acid content in male veterans with peripheral arterial disease; Objective: Despite available medical therapies, patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) remain at high risk for cardiovascular events. The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), derived from marine sources, have been shown to improve cardiovascular mortality. The Omega-3 Index (O3I), a proportion of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the red blood cell membrane, correlates with cardiovascular risk. Previous investigations have found that n-3 PUFA supplementation, fish consumption, older age, and smoking history affect the O3I in different patient populations, although similar correlations have never been explored in PAD. We hypothesized that in our PAD cohort, blood content of omega-3 fatty acids would directly and positively correlate with a history of fish oil supplementation and older age and inversely correlate with a smoking history and obesity.
Neuroprotective and Ameliorating Impacts of Omega-3 Against Aspartame-induced Neuronal and Astrocytic Degeneration; Aspartame (ASP) is one of the commonest artificial sweetener used all over the world and considered as an extremely risky compound and raises a lot of controversy. Therefore, this study was designed to investigate cellular damage of the anterior horn cells in the spinal cord of albino male rats and the possibility of hindering these changes by using omega-3 (OM3).Thirty seven adult male albino rats were divided into three groups: Control, ASP-treated and ASP+OM3-treated groups. Spinal cord sections were prepared and stained with Hx&E, caspase-3 and GFAP immunostaining. All data were morphometrically and statistically analyzed. In ASP-treated group, the cell body of some degenerated neurons was swollen and its cytoplasm was vacuolated. Their nuclei were eccentric and pyknotic. Moreover, other neurons were of a heterogeneous pattern in the form of cell body shrinkage, loss of Nissl substance, intensely stained eosinophilic cytoplasm and a small darkly stained nucleus that may eventually fragment. However, the cells were apparently normal in ASP+ OM3-treated group. Strong +ve caspase-3 stained neurons were detected in ASP-treated group. Furthermore, the immunoreaction was faint on treating the rats with both ASP and OM3. Few number of +ve GFAP- stained astrocytes were observed in ASP-treated rats. On the other hand, the immunoreactivity for GFAP was found to be intense in the ASP+OM3-treated group. Additionally, there was a significant decrease in the surface area percentage of the +ve GFAP-stained astrocytes of the ASP-treated group compared to the control and the ASP+OM3-treated groups. Anat Rec, 300:1290-1298, 2017. (c) 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Interaction among dietary n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, fatty acid desaturase 2 genetic variants, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in type 2 diabetes patients; Aims/IntroductionFatty acid desaturase (FADS) genetic polymorphisms are strongly correlated with the risk of dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease. In this study, we examined the impact of FADS1 and FADS2 genetic variants on plasma lipid status, and assessed interactions between FADS genetic polymorphisms and plasma n-3/n-6 fatty acids regarding lipid status within a population of 816 Taiwanese patients with type 2 diabetes. Materials and MethodsSelected tag single-nucleotide polymorphisms (FADS1 rs174546 [T/C]; FADS2 rs174602 [A/G] and rs2072114 [A/G]) were genotyped (n = 816). ResultsThe distribution of genotypes were compared with reports publicly available in the Genome Aggregation Database for East Asian populations (). In the subgroup of patients not taking lipid-lowering medications (n = 192), we observed that the G allele of FADS2 rs174602 was statistically significantly correlated with lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations (P = 0.001), whereas the G allele of rs2072114 was marginally associated with LDL-C concentrations (P = 0.091). Using a general linear model adjusted for confounding factors, statistically significant interactions (P = 0.016) between single-nucleotide polymorphisms in rs2072114 and a low alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3)/linoleic acid (18:2n-6) ratio; the G allele correlated with lower LDL-C levels among individuals with a low alpha-linolenic acid/linoleic acid ratio. Interaction between rs174602 single-nucleotide polymorphisms and low alpha-linolenic acid/linoleic acid values on LDL-C was only marginally significant (P = 0.063). ConclusionsOur results show the role of n-3/n-6 dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids in modifying the effects of genetic susceptibility on lipoprotein concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. Our findings highlight the potential of interventions with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids regarding developing individualized prevention strategies for type 2 diabetes presenting with co-occurring dyslipidemia and cardiovascular diseases.
Low- and High-Dose Plant and Marine (n-3) Fatty Acids Do Not Affect Plasma Inflammatory Markers in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome; Chronic inflammation is considered to play a role in the development of cardiovascular disease. Various (n-3) fatty acids (FA) have been reported to have antiinflammatory effects, but there is a lack of consensus in this area, particularly in regard to optimal source(s) and dose(s). This study aimed to determine the effects of high and low doses of (n-3) FA from plant and marine sources on plasma inflammatory marker concentrations. One-hundred adults with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to a low or high dose of plant-(2.2 or 6.6 g/d alpha-linolenic acid) or marine- (1.2 or 3.6 g/d EPA and DHA) derived (n-3) FA or placebo for 8 wk, using a parallel arm design (n = 20/arm). Fasting blood samples collected at 0, 4, and 8 wk were analyzed for concentrations of monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), IL-6, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) and for cardiovascular risk factors. Baseline concentrations across all 5 groups combined were (mean +/- SD) 103 +/- 32 ng/L for MCP-1, 1.06 +/- 0.56 ng/L for IL-6, and 0.197 +/- 0.041 ng/L for sICAM-1. There were no significant differences in 8-wk changes in plasma inflammatory marker concentrations among the 5 groups. Plasma TG and blood pressure decreased significantly more and the [LDL cholesterol concentration increased more in the high-dose fish oil group compared to the 8-wk changes in some of the other 4 groups (P <= 0.041. In conclusion, no beneficial effects were detected for any of the 3 inflammatory markers investigated in response to (n-3) FA in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dose or source. J. Nutr. 141: 2166-2171, 2011.
Effect of ω-3 fatty acid supplementation on endothelial function, endogenous fibrinolysis and platelet activation in patients with a previous myocardial infarction: a randomised controlled trial; Objective: The mechanisms through which omega-3 fatty acids reduce adverse cardiac events remain uncertain. We aimed to investigate the effect of (omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on endothelial vasomotor function, endogenous fibrinolysis, and platelet and monocyte activation in patients with coronary heart disease.
Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids Attenuate Progression of Albuminuria in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease; Background-Albuminuria is a marker of inflammation and an independent predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The current study evaluated whether eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation attenuates progression of albuminuria in subjects with coronary artery disease.
Responses to oleic, linoleic and α-linolenic acids in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats; We investigated the changes in adiposity, cardiovascular and liver structure and function, and tissue fatty acid compositions in response to oleic acid-rich macadamia oil, linoleic acid-rich safflower oil and alpha-linolenic acid-rich flaxseed oil (C18 unsaturated fatty acids) in rats fed either a diet high in simple sugars and mainly saturated fats or a diet high in polysaccharides (cornstarch) and low in fat. The fatty acids induced lipid redistribution away from the abdomen, more pronounced with increasing unsaturation; only oleic acid increased whole-body adiposity. Oleic acid decreased plasma total cholesterol without changing triglycerides and nonesterified fatty acids, whereas linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids decreased plasma triglycerides and nonesterified fatty acids but not cholesterol. alpha-Linolenic acid improved left ventricular structure and function, diastolic stiffness and systolic blood pressure. Neither oleic nor linoleic acid changed the left ventricular remodeling induced by high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet, but both induced dilation of the left ventricle and functional deterioration in low fat-diet-fed rats. alpha-Linolenic acid improved glucose tolerance, while oleic and linoleic acids increased basal plasma glucose concentrations. Oleic and alpha-linolenic acids, but not linoleic acid, normalized systolic blood pressure. Only oleic acid reduced plasma markers of liver damage. The C18 unsaturated fatty acids reduced trans fatty acids in the heart, liver and skeletal muscle with lowered stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 activity index; linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids increased accumulation of their C22 elongated products. These results demonstrate different physiological and biochemical responses to primary C18 unsaturated fatty acids in a rat model of human metabolic syndrome. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Blood Fatty Acid Profiles: New Biomarkers for Cardiometabolic Disease Risk; Purpose of Review Fatty acid (FA) profiles in different blood compartments are reflections of both diet and metabolism, and some FA levels are related to disease risk.
Cytokine storm associated with severe COVID-19 infections: The potential mitigating role of omega-3 fatty acid triglycerides in the ICU; Cytokine storm during severe COVID-19 infection increases the risk of mortality in critically ill patients in the intensive care unit. Multiple therapeutic proposals include, for example, anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive agents, selective inhibitors of key pro-inflammatory receptors, and key enzymes necessary for viral replication. Unfortunately, safe and effective therapy remains an elusive goal. An alternative anti-inflammatory approach vis a vis omega-3 fatty acids, which yields less pro-inflammatory mediators by altering eicosanoid metabolism, has been proposed. Although theoretically promising, enteral tube delivery or oral capsules containing specific doses of omega-3 fatty acids take precious time (7 days to 6 weeks) to be incorporated in plasma cell membranes to be most effective, making this route of administration in the acute care setting an unfeasible therapeutic approach. Parenteral administration of precise doses of omega-3 fatty acid triglycerides in an injectable emulsion can greatly accelerate the incorporation and potential therapeutic effects (within hours), but at present, there is no commercially available product designed for this purpose. We describe a potential formulation that may address this deficiency, while recognizing that the high incidence of hyperlipidemia that occurs during severe COVID-19 infection must be recognized as a complicating factor, and, therefore, caution is advised.
Potential impacts of reduced seafood consumption on myocardial infarction among coastal First Nations in British Columbia, Canada; The objective of this study is to examine the potential cardiovascular risk of climate-related declines in seafood consumption among First Nations in British Columbia by assessing the combined effects of reduced omega-3 fatty acids and mercury intake from seafood on the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) in 2050 relative to 2009. The data were derived from the First Nations Food, Nutrition, and Environment Study. Seafood consumption among 369 randomly selected participants was estimated, and hair mercury concentrations were measured. Declines in seafood consumption were modelled based on previously projected climate change scenarios, and the associated changes in nutrients and contaminants were used to estimate the cardiovascular risk. Reduced seafood consumption was projected to increase the risk of MI by 4.5%-6.5% among older individuals (>= 50 years), by 1.9%-2.6% in men, and by 1.3%-1.8% in women under lower and upper climate change scenarios, respectively. Reduced seafood consumption may have profound cardiovascular implications. Effective strategies are needed to promote sustainable seafood harvests and access to seafood for coastal First Nations.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Improve Chronic Kidney Disease-Associated Pruritus and Inflammation; Background and Objectives: Chronic kidney disease-associated pruritus (CKD-aP) is a common symptom in hemodialysis patients. A frequent and intense itching sensation largely torments patients, impacts quality of life outcomes, and it has an independent association with mortality. The objective of this study is to investigate the effects of oral supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) on circulating interleukin-6 (IL-6), cardiometabolic parameters, skin moisturization, and the consequent symptoms of pruritus in hemodialysis patients. Materials and Methods: Volunteers on maintenance hemodialysis with very severe pruritus symptoms were enrolled in this prospective cohort study. Subjects were instructed to consume 1000 mg fish oil once daily for 3 months. Pruritus scoring, skin moisture, plasma IL-6, and cardiometabolic parameters were measured at baseline, and at the first, second, and third month post-supplementation with fish oil for assessment of the clinical significance. Results: A total of 27 patients who had a mean age of 67.33 +/- 11.06 years and 3.98 +/- 3.23 years on hemodialysis completed the study. Supplementation with omega-3 PUFA significantly decreased IL-6 levels (p < 0.001), but increased the levels of c-reactive protein (CRP) (p < 0.05). Evaluation of the cardiovascular risk showed significant (all p < 0.001) decreases in the total cholesterol (CHO), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and triglycerides (TG) levels, and an increase in the high-density lipoprotein (HDL) level. A significant decrease in plasma creatinine (CR) was observed (p < 0.001), but the decrease was limited. Supplementation with omega-3 PUFA significantly improved (all p < 0.001) skin hydration on both the face and arms, as well as disease-related symptoms of pruritus. Conclusion: Omega-3 PUFA supplementation improved inflammation, renal function, cardiovascular parameters, dry skin conditions, and the consequent symptoms of pruritus in hemodialysis patients.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Ischemic Stroke; Ischemic stroke is a major cause of death and morbidity worldwide. It has been suggested that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may be associated with a lower risk ischemic stroke, but this has been far less studied than their role for coronary heart disease. In this paper, we summarize the main findings from previous follow-up studies investigating associations between intake or biomarkers of the major PUFAs including alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), marine n-3 PUFAs and linoleic acid (LA) and the development of ischemic stroke. Several follow-up studies have suggested that marine n-3 PUFAs may be associated with a lower risk of ischemic stroke although results have not been consistent and limited knowledge exist on the individual marine n-3 PUFAs and ischemic stroke and its subtypes. The role of ALA is less clear, but most studies have not supported that ALA is appreciably associated with ischemic stroke risk. Some studies have supported that LA might be associated with a lower risk of total ischemic stroke, while limited evidence exist on PUFAs and ischemic stroke subtypes. The associations may depend on the macronutrients that PUFAs replace and this substitution aspect together with focus on dietary patterns represent interesting areas for future research.
ω3-polyunsaturated fatty acids suppress lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 expression in macrophages and animal models; Scope: omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) have beneficial effects on cardiovascular function, and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA(2)) is associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease. Here, we investigated the effects of omega 3-PUFAs on Lp-PLA(2) expression in vitro and in vivo and explored the mechanisms involved.
Role of fish oil in human health and possible mechanism to reduce the inflammation; The roles of Omega-3 FAs are inflammation antagonists, while Omega-6 FAs are precursors for inflammation. The plant form of Omega-3 FAs is the short-chain alpha-linolenic acid, and the marine forms are the long-chain fatty acids: docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid. Omega-3 FAs have unlimited usages, and they are considered as omnipotent since they may benefit heart health, improve brain function, reduce cancer risks and improve people's moods. Omega-3 FAs also have several important biological effects on a range of cellular functions that may decrease the onset of heart diseases and reduce mortality among patients with coronary heart disease, possibly by stabilizing the heart's rhythm and by reducing blood clotting. Some review studies have described the beneficial roles of Omega-3 FAs in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), cancer, diabetes, and other conditions, including inflammation. Studies of the effect of Omega-3 FAs gathered from studies in diseased and healthy population. CVDs including atherosclerosis, coronary heart diseases, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome were the major fields of investigation. In studies of obesity, as the central obesity increased, the level of adipocyte synthesis of pro-inflammatory cytokines like tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) were increased and the level of anti-inflammatory adiponectin was decreased indicating a state of inflammation. The level of C reactive protein (CRP) synthesized from hepatocyte is increased by the influence of IL-6. CRP can be considered as a marker of systemic inflammation associated with increased risks of CVDs. In molecular studies, Omega-3 FAs have direct effects on reducing the inflammatory state by reducing IL-6, TNF-alpha, CRP and many other factors. While the appropriate dosage along with the administrative duration is not known, the scientific evidence-based recommendations for daily intake are not modified.
Combined intervention with pioglitazone and <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in metformin-treated type 2 diabetic patients: improvement of lipid metabolism; Background: The marine n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) exert numerous beneficial effects on health, but their potency to improve treatment of type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients remains poorly characterized. We aimed to evaluate the effect of a combination intervention using EPA + DHA and the insulin-sensitizing drug pioglitazone in overweight/obese T2D patients already treated with metformin.
Dietary optimisation with omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids for 12-23-month-old overweight and obese children in urban Jakarta; Background and Objectives: Diets with a specific omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio have been reported to have favourable effects in controlling obesity in adults. However, development a local-based diet by considering the ratio of these fatty acids for improving the nutritional status of overweight and obese children is lacking. Therefore, using linear programming, we developed an affordable optimised diet focusing on the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid intake for obese children aged 12-23 months. Methods and Study Design: A cross-sectional study was conducted in two subdistricts of East Jakarta involving 42 normal-weight and 29 overweight and obese children, grouped on the basis of their body mass index for-age Z scores and selected through multi-stage random sampling. A 24-h recall was performed for 3-nonconsecutive days to assess the children's dietary intake levels and food patterns. We conducted group and structured interviews as well as market surveys to identify food availability, accessibility and affordability. Results: Three types of affordable optimised 7-day diet meal plans were developed on the basis of breastfeeding status. The optimised diet plan fulfilled energy and macronutrient intake requirements within the acceptable macronutrient distribution range. The omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio in the children was between 4 and 10. Moreover, the micronutrient intake level was within the range of the recommended daily allowance or estimated average recommendation and tolerable upper intake level. Conclusions: The optimisation model used in this study provides a mathematical solution for economical diet meal plans that approximate the nutrient requirements for overweight and obese children.
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce blood pressure, plasma thromboxane B<sub>2</sub> and stress response in patients with essential hypertension; The blood pressure-lowering effect of dietary omega-3 fatty acids in hypertensive patients is well established. Of the various mechanisms involved a decrease of the vasoconstrictory and proaggregatory thromboxane A(2) plays a dominating role.
Life span is prolonged in food-restricted autoimmune-prone (NZB x NZW)F(1) mice fed a diet enriched with (n-3) fatty acids; Moderate food and/or energy (calorie) restriction delays age-related immune dysfunction and prolongs life span in multiple animal models. The amount and type of dietary fatty acids can also profoundly aff ect life span. Marine-derived fish oils contain (n-3) fatty acids, which have potent anti-inflammatory properties. We therefore examined the influence of food restriction (40% overall reduction in intake of all dietary components) combined with substitution of fish oil for corn oil in a factorial design. Autoimmune-prone (NZB X NZW)F(l) (B/W) mice, which develop fatal autoimmune renal disease, were used. The food-restricted/fish oil diet maximally extended median life span to 645 d (vs. 494 d for the food-restricted corn oil diet). Similarly, fish oil prolonged life span in the ad libitum-fed mice to 345 d (vs. 242 for the ad libitum/corn oil diet). Increased life span was partially associated with decreased body weight, blunting renal proinflammatory cytokine (interferon-gamma, interleukins-10 and -12 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha) levels and lower nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB). Reductions in NF-kappaB were preceded by enhanced superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione peroxidase activities. These findings demonstrate the profound additive effects of food restriction and (n-3) fatty acids in prolonging life span in B/W mice. These observations may have additional implications in the management of obesity, diabetes, cancer and/or the aging process.
omega-3 fatty acid-containing liposomes in cancer therapy; omega-3 fatty acids are associated with reduced growth and incidence of certain cancers, and in this report we demonstrate that a fish oil diet (rich in omega-3 fatty acids) enhances the longevity of mice bearing the myeloid leukemia T27A. We have proposed that the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6(Delta 4,7,10,13,16,19)) may induce structural changes in tumor cell plasma membranes resulting in reduced tumor growth in vitro. Here, we test whether liposomes containing DHA (18:0, 22:6 PC) have antitumor effects in vivo, leading to enhanced longevity of the tumor-bearing host. Male BALB/c mice (6-8 weeks old) were inoculated intraperitoneally with a T27A tumor dose known to cause 100% mortality of syngeneic (BALB/c) mice in less than 2 weeks. Small unilamellar vesicles (liposomes) were prepared, composed of phosphatidylcholine (PC) with 18:0 in the sn-1 position and one of the following fatty acids in the sn-2 position: 18:0, 18:1 omega 9 (oleic), 18:3 omega 3 (alpha-linolenic), 20:4 omega 6 (arachidonic), 22:6 omega 3 (docosahexaenoic). The liposomes were injected intraperitoneally into tumor-bearing mice at various times: concurrently with the tumor inoculum, at select times during tumor growth, and when the mice were moribund. Mouse survival was then charted. DHA-containing lipid vesicles (18:0, 22:6 PC) caused a statistically significant increase in survival of the tumor-bearing mice when compared with 18:0, 18:1 PC. Lipid vesicles of 18:0, 18:0 PC showed no benefit, and 18:0, 20:4 PC was not significantly different than 18:0, 18:1 PC. Lipid vesicles containing a different omega-3 fatty acid, 18:0, 18:3 PC, also effectively enhanced tumor-bearing mouse survival. The greatest benefit was achieved if either the liposome treatments were spaced throughout the tumor growth period, or if the tumor inoculum was suspended in the liposome preparation (without further liposome treatments). Neither lipid peroxidation nor prolonged inflammatory responses appeared to be pertinent, leaving membrane structural changes as a feasible mode of liposome action. With antitumor properties of their own, omega-3 fatty acid-containing lipid vesicles may offer an important new avenue in combination cancer therapies.
Molecular Mechanisms Associated with the Inhibitory Role of Long Chain n-3 PUFA in Colorectal Cancer; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third leading cause of cancer-related death in the world. Multiple evidence suggests that there is an association between excess fat consumption and the risk of CRC. The long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are essential for human health, and both in vitro and in vivo studies have shown that these fatty acids can prevent CRC development through various molecular mechanisms. These include the modulation of arachidonic acid (AA) derived prostaglandin synthesis, alteration of growth signaling pathways, arrest of the cell cycle, induction of cell apoptosis, suppression of angiogenesis and modulation of inflammatory response. Human clinical studies found that LC n-3 PUFA combined with chemotherapeutic agents can improve the efficacy of treatment and reduce the dosage of chemotherapy and associated side effects. In this review, we discuss comprehensively the anti-cancer effects of LC n-3 PUFA on CRC, with a main focus on the underlying molecular mechanisms.
Cardiovascular risk factors in vegetarians:: Normalization of hyperhomocysteinemia with vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and reduction of platelet aggregation with n-3 fatty acids; Hyperhomocysteinemia in association with vitamin B-12 deficiency, and increased platelet aggregation, probably due to dietary lack of n-3 fatty acids, constitute cardiovascular risk factors frequently observed in vegetarians. We tested if administration of vitamin B-12 normalizes the concentration of total plasma homocysteine, and if intake of eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3) fatty acids modulates platelet function in a population of lactoovovegetarians. One week after a single intramuscular injection of cyanocobalamin (10000 mug) in 18 individuals, serum vitamin B-12 increased from 149+/-63 pg/mL to 532+/-204 pg/mL (p<0.0001) and total tHcy dropped from 12.4+/-4.7 to 7.9+/-3.1 <mu>mol/L (p<0.0001). Ten of fourteen of these vegetarians completed an 8-week supplementation with 700 mg/day of each eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. Increased incorporation of these fatty acids into plasma lipids was observed in all of them, together with a significant reduction in maximum percentage or slope of platelet aggregation with all the agonists tested (ADP, epinephrin, collagen, arachidonic acid). No significant change in bleeding time was observed after n-3 fatty acid trial. Supplementation with vitamin B-12 and n-3 fatty acids corrects hyperhomocysteinemia and reduces platelet reactivity to agonists in vegetarians. Whether this supplementation improves the already reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality associated with vegetarian diet has yet to be demonstrated. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Leukocyte telomere length and serum polyunsaturated fatty acids, dietary habits, cardiovascular risk factors and features of myocardial infarction in elderly patients; Background Telomeres are non-coding sequences at the end of eukaryote chromosomes, which in complex with associated proteins serve to protect subtelomeric DNA. Telomeres shorten with each cell division, are regarded as a biomarker for aging and have also been suggested to play a role in atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aim of the present study was to explore the associations between leukocyte telomere length and serum polyunsaturated fatty acids, diet, cardiovascular risk factors and features of myocardial infarction (MI) in elderly patients. Methods The material is based upon the first 299 included patients in the OMEMI trial, where patients aged 70-82 years of age are randomized to receive omega-3 supplements or corn oil (placebo) after MI. Patients were included 2-8 weeks after the index MI. DNA was extracted from whole blood, and leukocyte telomere length (LTL) was analyzed by qPCR and reported as a number relative to a reference gene. Serum long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) content was analyzed by gas chromatography. Diet was evaluated with the validated SmartDiet food frequency questionnaire. Medical records, patient interviews and clinical examination provided previous medical history and anthropometric data. Non-parametric statistical tests were used. Results Median (25, 75 percentile) LTL was 0.55 (0.42, 0.72). Patients had a median age of 75 years, 70.2% were male and 45.2% used omega-3 supplements. There was a weak, but significant correlation between LTL and linoleic acid (r = 0.139, p = 0.017), but not with other LCPUFAs. There was a trend towards longer telomeres with a healthier diet, but this did not reach statistical significance (p = 0.073). No associations were found between LTL and CVD risk factors or features of MI. Conclusions In our population of elderly with a recent myocardial infarction LTL was associated with linoleic acid concentrations, but not with other LCPUFAs. Patients with a healthy diet tended to have longer telomeres. The limited associations may be due to age and the narrow age-span in our population. Further studies, designed to detect longitudinal changes should be performed to explore the role of telomeres in cardiovascular aging.
Increased lipid peroxidation during long-term intervention with high doses of n-3 fatty acids (PUFAs) following an acute myocardial infarction; Objective: To assess the oxidative burden of a highly concentrated compound of n-3 PUFAs as compared to corn oil by measuring thiobarbituric acid-malondialdehyde complex (TBA-MDA) by HPLC. We also studied the influence on TBA-MDA of statins combined with n-3 PUFAs or corn oil. Design: A prospective, randomised, double-blind, controlled study.
Stearidonic acid increases the red blood cell and heart eicosapentaenoic acid content in dogs; Plant sources of omega-3 fatty acids (FA) are needed that can materially raise tissue levels of long-chain omega-3 FA [i.e., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 20:6n-3)]. Stearidonic acid (SDA; 18:4n-3) is the delta-6 desaturase product of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3n-3), and when fed to humans, increases red blood cell (RBC) content of EPA to a greater extent than does ALA. This study was undertaken to determine the dose-dependence and time course of the increase in the EPA and DHA content of the heart and RBC in dogs. Adult male Beagles were fed 21, 64, or 193 mg/kg of SDA in in their food daily for up to 12 weeks. Positive and negative controls were given EPA (43 mg/kg) or high oleic acid sunflower oil, respectively. The baseline EPA content of RBC was 0.38 +/- 0.03% which increased (P < 0.01) in a dose-dependent manner, with the high dose of SDA and EPA achieving levels of 1.33 +/- 0.26 and 1.55 +/- 0.28%, respectively. In the heart, the content of EPA rose from 0.06 +/- 0.01 to 1.24 +/- 0.22% in the EPA group and to 0.81 +/- 0.32% in the high SDA group (both P < 0.01). In both tissues, DHA did not change. Compared to dietary EPA, SDA was 20-23% as efficient in raising tissue EPA levels. In conclusion, SDA supplementation increased the EPA content of RBC and heart and may have utility as a plant-based source of omega-3 FA.
Effect of a fish-oil concentrate on serum lipids in postmenopausal women receiving and not receiving hormone replacement therapy in a placebo-controlled, double-blind trial; Background: n-3 Fatty acid supplementation lowered serum triacylglycerol concentrations in studies in which most of the subjects were male. The effects of n-3 fatty acid supplementation in postmenopausal women receiving and not receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT) have received little attention.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid plus alpha-tocopherol supplementation on malnutrition-inflammation score, biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in chronic hemodialysis patients (Publication with Expression of Concern); Objective The current study was carried out to assess the effects of omega-3 fatty acid and alpha-tocopherol co-supplementation on malnutrition-inflammation score (MIS), biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in chronic hemodialysis (HD) patients.
Dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of myocardial infarction in men - A population-based prospective cohort study; Background: Major food contaminants such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are proposed to play a role in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but to date the impact of PCBs on cardiovascular health need to be explored.
Fish consumption is a safe solution to increase the intake of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; Objectives: Dietary intake of long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA in developed countries is low compared with recommendations. Fish is naturally rich in LC n-3 PUFA, but is also a dietary source of heavy metals and organic pollutants. We investigated whether the recommendation for LC n-3 PUFA could be reached through fish consumption, without exceeding the provisional tolerable weekly intake of methylmercury (MeHg) and the tolerable weekly intake (TWI) of dioxin-like compounds. Also, the contribution of margarines enriched with LC n-3 PUFA was assessed.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on the Improvement of Metabolic Syndrome in Patients with Ischemic Heart Disease: A Double-blind, Randomised, Placebo-controlled Trial; Introduction: Metabolic syndrome is a set of metabolic abnormalities that increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 fatty acids may play a role in improving metabolic syndrome by affecting endothelial status.
Replication of a Gene-Diet Interaction at <i>CD36, NOS3</i> and PPARG in Response to Omega<i>-</i>3 Fatty Acid Supplements on Blood Lipids: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Modulation of genetic variants on the effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplements on blood lipids is still unclear.
Effects of ω-3 PUFAs Supplementation on Myocardial Function and Oxidative Stress Markers in Typical Rett Syndrome; Rett syndrome (RTT) is a devastating neurodevelopmental disorder with a 300-fold increased risk rate for sudden cardiac death. A subclinical myocardial biventricular dysfunction has been recently reported in RTT by our group and found to be associated with an enhanced oxidative stress (OS) status. Here, we tested the effects of the naturally occurring antioxidants omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) on echocardiographic parameters and systemic OS markers in a population of RTT patients with the typical clinical form. Lambda total of 66 RTT girls were evaluated, half of whom being treated for 12 months with a dietary supplementation of omega-3 PUFAs at high dosage (docosahexaenoic acid similar to 71.9 + 13.9mg/kg b.w./day plus eicosapentaenoic acid similar to 115.5 + 22.4mg/kg b.w./day) versus the remaining half untreated population. Echocardiographic systolic longitudinal parameters of both ventricles, but not biventricular diastolic measures, improved following omega-3 PUFAs supplementation, with a parallel decrease in the OS markers levels. No significant changes in the examined echocardiographic parameters nor in the OS markers were detectable in the untreated RTT population. Our data indicate that omega-3 PUFAs are able to improve the biventricular myocardial systolic function in RTT and that this functional gain is partially mediated through a regulation of the redox balance.
Polymorphisms in Genes Involved in Fatty Acid β-OxidationInteract with Dietary Fat Intakes to Modulate the Plasma TG Response to a Fish Oil Supplementation; A large inter-individual variability in the plasma triglyceride (TG) response to an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation has been observed. The objective was to examine gene-diet interaction effects on the plasma TG response after a fish oil supplementation, between single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within genes involved in fatty acid -oxidation and dietary fat intakes. Two hundred and eight (208) participants were recruited in the greater Quebec City area. The participants completed a six-week fish oil supplementation (5 g fish oil/day: 1.9-2.2 g EPA and 1.1 g DHA). Dietary fat intakes were measured using three-day food records. SNPs within RXRA, CPT1A, ACADVL, ACAA2, ABCD2, ACOX1 and ACAA1 genes were genotyped using TAQMAN methodology. Gene-diet interaction effects on the plasma TG response were observed for SNPs within RXRA (rs11185660, rs10881576 and rs12339187) and ACOX1 (rs17583163) genes. For rs11185660, fold changes in RXRA gene expression levels were different depending on SFA intakes for homozygotes T/T. Gene-diet interaction effects of SNPs within genes involved in fatty acid -oxidation and dietary fat intakes may be important in understanding the inter-individual variability in plasma TG levels and in the plasma TG response to a fish oil supplementation.
Attenuation of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon (PAH)-Induced Carcinogenesis and Tumorigenesis by Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Mice In Vivo; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are metabolized by the cytochrome P450 (CYP)1A and 1B1 to DNA-reactive metabolites, which could lead to mutations in critical genes, eventually resulting in cancer. Omega-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are beneficial against cancers. In this investigation, we elucidated the mechanisms by which omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA will attenuate PAH-DNA adducts and lung carcinogenesis and tumorigenesis mediated by the PAHs BP and MC. Adult wild-type (WT) (A/J) mice, Cyp1a1-null, Cyp1a2-null, or Cyp1b1-null mice were exposed to PAHs benzo[a]pyrene (BP) or 3-methylcholanthrene (MC), and the effects of omega-3 fatty acid on PAH-mediated lung carcinogenesis and tumorigenesis were studied. The major findings were as follows: (i) omega-3 fatty acids significantly decreased PAH-DNA adducts in the lungs of each of the genotypes studied; (ii) decreases in PAH-DNA adduct levels by EPA/DHA was in part due to inhibition of CYP1B1; (iii) inhibition of soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) enhanced the EPA/DHA-mediated prevention of pulmonary carcinogenesis; and (iv) EPA/DHA attenuated PAH-mediated carcinogenesis in part by epigenetic mechanisms. Taken together, our results suggest that omega-3 fatty acids have the potential to be developed as cancer chemo-preventive agents in people.
Omega-3 free fatty acids for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia: The EpanoVa for Lowering Very high triglyceridEs (EVOLVE) trial; BACKGROUND: Omega-3 fatty acids in free fatty acid form have enhanced bioavailability, and plasma levels are less influenced by food than for ethyl ester forms.
Green leafy vegetables in diets with a 25:1 omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio modify the erythrocyte fatty acid profile of spontaneously hypertensive rats; Background: In addition to the actual composition of the diet (i.e. nutrient composition, food groups), the omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio has been demonstrated to influence the tissue fatty acid profile and subsequently the risk for cardiovascular and other diseases. Likewise, the consumption of green leafy vegetables (GLVs) may favorably reduce the risks associated with disease. Although an similar to 3:1 omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio (omega-6/omega-3 FAR) is recommended, the typical American diet has an similar to 25:1 omega-6/omega-3 FAR. Previous research affirms the ability of collard greens (CG), purslane (PL), and sweet potato greens (SPG) to improve the hepatic profile of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs). The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of GLVs, incorporated (4%) into diets with a 25:1 omega-6/omega-3 FAR, on the erythrocyte fatty acid profile of male SHRs.
Protective effects of dietary supplementation with natural ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the visual acuity of school-age children with lower IQ or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder; Objective: Little attention has been paid to the possible protective role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on the visual acuity of school-age children with lower IQs or attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary omega-3 PUFAs on the visual acuity and red blood cell (RBC) fatty acid compositions of these children.
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Levels and Risk for Incident Major Bleeding Events and Atrial Fibrillation: MESA; BACKGROUND: Randomized trials of pharmacologic strength omega-3 fatty acid (n3-FA)-based therapies suggest a dose-dependent cardiovascular benefit. Whether blood n3-FA levels also mediate safety signals observed in these trials, such as increased bleeding and atrial fibrillation (AF), remains uncertain. We hypothesized that higher baseline n3-FA levels would be associated with incident bleeding and AF events in MESA (Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis), which included a population free of clinical cardiovascular disease at baseline.
Associations of ω-3 Fatty Acids With Interstitial Lung Disease and Lung Imaging Abnormalities Among Adults; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, attenuates interstitial lung disease (ILD) in experimental models, but human studies are lacking. We examined associations of circulating levels of DHA and other polyunsaturated fatty acids with hospitalization and death due to ILD over 12 years in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA; n = 6,573). We examined cross-sectional associations with CT lung abnormalities in MESA (2000-2012; n = 6,541), the Framingham Heart Study (2005-2011; n = 3,917), and the Age, Gene/Environment Susceptibility-Reykjavik Study (AGES-Reykjavik) (2002-2006; n = 1,106). Polyunsaturated fatty acid levels were determined from fasting blood samples and extracted from plasma phospholipids (MESA and AGES-Reykjavik) or red blood cell membranes (Framingham Heart Study). Higher DHA levels were associated with a lower risk of hospitalization due to ILD (per standard-deviation increment, adjusted rate ratio = 0.69, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.48, 0.99) and a lower rate of death due to ILD (per standard-deviation increment, adjusted hazard ratio = 0.68, 95% CI: 0.47, 0.98). Higher DHA was associated with fewer interstitial lung abnormalities on computed tomography (per natural log increment, pooled adjusted odds ratio = 0.65, 95% CI: 0.46, 0.91). Higher DHA levels were associated with a lower risk of hospitalization and death due to ILD and fewer lung abnormalities on computed tomography in a meta-analysis of data from population-based cohort studies.
Addition of marine omega-3 fatty acids to statins in familial hypercholesterolemia does not affect in vivo or in vitro endothelial function; BACKGROUND: Prestatin trials reported positive effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in cardiovascular disease, whereas recent studies and meta-analyses have not reproduced these results. The effect of n-3 PUFA in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), a group with particularly high risk of cardiovascular disease, is not well established.
The free fractions of circulating docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentenoic acid as optimal end-point of measure in bioavailability studies on n-3 fatty acids; The high complexity of n-3 fatty acids absorption process, along with the huge amount of endogenous fraction, makes bioavailability studies with these agents very challenging and deserving special consideration. In this paper we report the results of a bioequivalence study between a new formulation of EPA+DHA ethyl esters developed by IBSA Institut Biochimique and reference medicinal product present on the Italian market. Bioequivalence was demonstrated according to the criteria established by the EMA Guideline on the Investigation of Bioequivalence. We found that the free fractions represent a better and more sensitive end-point for bioequivalence investigations on n-3 fatty acids, since: (i) the overall and intra-subject variability of PK parameters was markedly lower compared to the same variability calculated on the total DHA and EPA fractions; (ii) the absorption process was completed within 4 h, and the whole PK profile could be drawn within 12-15 h from drug administration. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Influence of salinity and linoleic or α-linolenic acid based diets on ontogenetic development and metabolism of unsaturated fatty acids in pike perch larvae (<i>Sander lucioperca</i>); Combinations of nutritional requirements and husbandry rearing conditions during early ontogeny are poorly studied in pikeperch (Sander lucioperca). The substitution of marine oils with vegetable oils has reduced stress tolerance and caused neurophysiological changes in pike perch larvae, but effects of environmental cues are limited. Saline water influences on a range of physiological functions during early fish larval ontogeny and may affect FA metabolism, - elongation and desaturation - activity when given diets limited in LC PUFAs, but rich in shorter chain n-3 or n-6 PUFAs. Consequently, live Artemia differing in 18:2n-6 (LA) and 18:3n-3 (ALA) content by enrichment with sunflower oil (SFO) or linseed oil (LO) were fed to 10 days post hatch (DPH) larvae and reared up to isosmotic salinities (0, 5, 10 ppt) until 30 DPH. Larval tissue FA composition was examined at 15, 25 and 30 DPH. Besides, an in vivo assay was performed on 20 DPH larvae with C-14 labelled FA including LA; ALA; 20:4n-6 (ARA); 20:5n-3 (EPA) or 22:6n-3 (DHA) to establish FA incorporation and metabolism. At 30 DPH, performance, digestive enzymatic activity, eicosanoid activity, skeletal anomalies and stress sensitivity were further evaluated. Results on larval FA profiles suggest a low desaturation and elongation capability over LA and ALA, with no significant effects of salinity or larval age on modulation of unsaturated fatty acid metabolism. In vivo assays revealed that regardless of salinity or diet, pikeperch possess a marked specificity to incorporate ARA and EPA compared to a poorer incorporation of DHA. Larvae exposed to a confinement stress test caused high acute mortality in all experimental groups except for a control group fed with Artemia enriched by a commercial DHA Selco emulsion. Growth performance was not significantly affected by salinity or dietary enrichment with SFO or LO, but influenced on larval enzymatic activity of pepsin, aminopeptidase, trypsin and alkaline phosphatase, while lipase activity was not significantly affected. Increased saline conditions significantly decreased hormonal prostaglandin eicosanoid PGE(2), PGE(3) activity with the highest activity at 0 ppt. The prevalence of severe skeletal anomalies was generally high, affecting over 75% of the larval population with negative effects by increase in salinity. The incidence of anomalies was higher on endochondral bones, namely maxillary, ranging from 58 to 83% of the population. These results agree well with those from expression of sox 9 and twist2 genes; involved in chondrocyte ossification and differentiation.
Association between blood omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and the gut microbiota among breast cancer survivors; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential nutrients demonstrated to have health benefits, such as decreasing the risk of coronary heart disease, improving parameters associated with metabolic syndrome, and decreasing anxiety symptoms and depression risk. Previous intervention studies indicated the association between blood or tissue PUFA levels and the gut microbiota; however, the details remain incompletely elucidated. We conducted a cross-sectional study to examine the association between PUFAs and the gut microbiota among breast cancer survivors. Adults who had been diagnosed with invasive breast cancer more than one year ago and were not currently undergoing chemotherapy were enrolled. Capillary blood and faecal samples were obtained to assess the blood PUFA levels and gut microbiota compositions. The mean age (n=124) was 58.7 years, and 46% of the participants had a history of chemotherapy. Multiple regression analysis controlling for possible confounders indicated that an increased relative abundance of Actinobacteria was significantly associated with increased levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, beta=0.304, q<0.01). At the genus level, the abundance of Bifidobacterium was positively associated with the level of DHA (beta=0.307, q<0.01). No significant association between omega-6 PUFAs and the relative abundances of gut microbiota members was observed. In addition, analyses stratified by the history of chemotherapy indicated significant associations of PUFA levels with the abundance of some bacterial taxa, including the phylum Actinobacteria (DHA, beta=0.365, q<0.01) and Bacteroidetes (EPA, beta=-0.339, q<0.01) and the genus Bifidobacterium (DHA, beta=0.368, q<0.01) only among participants without a history of chemotherapy. These findings provide the first evidence of positive associations between the abundances of Bifidobacterium among the gut microbiota and the levels of omega-3 PUFAs in the blood. Further studies are required to gain additional insight into these associations in healthy subjects as well as into the causality of the relationship.
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Treatment and Atrial Fibrillation in Cardiovascular Outcome Trials: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Purpose Data on the relationship between omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) therapy with atrial fibrillation (AF) have been inconsistent. We investigate the association between n-3 FA and risk for AF by pooling data from available large, cardiovascular outcome trials. Methods We performed a systematic search on PubMed and Embase for studies on n-3 FA with AF as an outcome measure. Large (>= 1000 participants) randomized controlled trials with >= 1-year follow-up period were included. The association between n-3 FA and risk of AF or stroke was assessed. Mantel-Haenszel random effects model was used to calculate risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We then performed meta-regression to evaluate effect on AF by dose of n-3 FA therapy. Results A total of 8 randomized control trials encompassing 83,112 participants were included in the meta-analysis. Of these, five trials assessed a lower dose of n-3 FA (<= 1 g daily, n = 61,096) while 3 trials assessed a higher dose (> 1 g daily, n = 22,016). In meta-analysis, a significant association was noted between n-3 FA treatment and risk of AF (4.0% vs 3.3%; RR 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38, p = 0.0002). There was a modest but still significant association in the lower dose (n-3 FA <= 1 g daily) sub-group (RR 1.12, 95% CI 1.04-1.21, p = 0.004) and stronger association in the higher dose (n-3 FA > 1 g daily) sub-group (RR 1.51, 95% CI 1.26-1.80, p < 0.001; p-interaction between low versus high subgroups = 0.003). There was no increase in stroke risk (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.90-1.20). Meta-regression demonstrated a significant association between dose of n-3 FA with risk for AF events (log RR 0.103, 95% CI 0.048-0.159, p < 0.001). Conclusion While overall AF event rates were low, n-3 FA treatment is associated with increased risk for AF.
Vitamin D and Marine n-3 Fatty Acids for Autoimmune Disease Prevention: Outcomes Two Years After Completion of a Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objective. In the 5.3-year randomized, 2 x 2 factorial, double-blind, placebo-controlled Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL), vitamin D supplementation reduced autoimmune disease (AD) incidence (hazard ratio [HR] 0.78, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.61-0.99). Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid supplementation showed a statistically nonsignificant reduction (HR 0.85, 95% CI 0.67-1.08). We aimed to confirm further AD cases arising during and after randomization and assess sustained effects with two years of postintervention observation. Methods. Of the 12,786 men aged >= 50 and 13,085 women aged >= 55 initially randomized, we observed surviving and willing participants for two more years. We continued to confirm annual participant-reported new AD by medical record review. Cox models calculated HRs for all confirmed incident AD, (and secondary endpoints, including probable cases, and individual ADs), during the observational and randomized periods. Results. A total of 21,592 participants (83.5%) were observed for two more years; 514 participants developed incident confirmed AD (236 since prior report), of whom 255 had been randomized to vitamin D versus 259 to vitamin D placebo (HR 0.98 [95% CI 0.83-1.17] at 7 years). AD was confirmed in 234 participants initially randomized to n-3 fatty acids versus 280 randomized to its placebo (HR 0.83 [95% CI 0.70-0.99] at 7 years). Of newly confirmed cases, 65 had onset during randomization; their inclusion changed randomized results as follows: HR 0.85 (95% CI 0.70-1.04) for vitamin D and HR 0.87 (95% CI 0.71-1.06) for n-3 fatty acids. Conclusion. Two years after trial termination, the protective effects of 2000 IU/day of vitamin D dissipated, but 1,000 mg/day of n-3 fatty acids had a sustained effect in reducing AD incidence.
Fatty acids: a role for Africa?; Health effects of fatty acids have been very controversial. Total mortality is inversely associated with the amount of total fat consumed. In contrast,transfatty acids or SFA intake is positively related to mortality while the inverse is observed with consumption of MUFA or PUFA. Among PUFA, long-chain (LC)n-3 PUFA have many beneficial effects. Dietary intake of some types of fatty acids is specific to Africa. Energy from saturated fat does not exceed 14% and energy fromn-6 PUFA does not exceed 8% of total energy intake. Dietary intake of LCn-3 PUFA is less than 100 mg/d whereas international recommendations promote 250-500 mg/d. Consumption of plantn-3 PUFA mainly alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is highly variable depending on the country. Both fish and ALA availability are low in several African countries. The prevalence of diabetes and cardiovascular events remain very low in Africa, partly explained by the fact that the whole dietary pattern is globally the best of all continents. One objective of 'fat for Africa' could be to increase, as much as possible, the dietary intake of LCn-3 PUFA by promoting sustainable aquaculture and to maintain as much as possible traditional dietary pattern by preventing a tendency to westernisation, provided that the amount of energy and protein is sufficient to fight against wasting and stunting where it still exists.
Associations of Fish and Omega-3 Fatty Acids Consumption With the Risk of Venous Thromboembolism. A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Objective: This study aims to investigate the effect of fish and omega-3 fatty acids consumption on the risk of VTE.
Omega-3 fatty acid prevents heart rate variability reductions associated with particulate matter; Context: Environmental exposure to particulate matter of 2.5 mu m or less (PM2.5) has been associated with changes in heart rate variability (HRV).
Consumption of Goat Cheese Naturally Rich in Omega-3 and Conjugated Linoleic Acid Improves the Cardiovascular and Inflammatory Biomarkers of Overweight and Obese Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Trial; This study examines the value of a goat cheese naturally enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (n-3 PUFA and conjugated linolenic acid (CLA)) as means of improving cardiovascular and inflammatory health. Sixty-eight overweight and obese subjects (BMI >= 27 and <40 kg/m(2)), with at least two risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a lipid panel blood tests, participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed for 12 weeks: (1) 60 g/d control goat cheese and (2) 60 g/d goat cheese naturally enriched in n-3 PUFA and CLA. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Anthropometric and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were performed. Blood samples were collected at the beginning and at the end of the study period. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The consumption of a PUFA-enriched goat cheese significantly increased plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, as well as in apolipoprotein B, and it significantly decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations compared to the control goat cheese (p < 0.05). The significant improvement of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory status of people with risk for CVD due to the consumption of PUFA-enriched cheese suggests a potential role of this dairy product as an alternative to develop high nutritional value food in a balanced diet comprising regular exercise.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Formulations in Cardiovascular Disease: Dietary Supplements are Not Substitutes for Prescription Products; Omega-3 fatty acid products are available as prescription formulations (icosapent ethyl, omega-3-acid ethyl esters, omega-3-acid ethyl esters A, omega-3-carboxylic acids) and dietary supplements (predominantly fish oils). Most dietary supplements and all but one prescription formulation contain mixtures of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Products containing both EPA and DHA may raise low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). In clinical trials, the EPA-only prescription product, icosapent ethyl, did not raise LDL-C compared with placebo. To correct a common misconception, it is important to note that omega-3 fatty acid dietary supplements are not US FDA-approved over-the-counter drugs and are not required to demonstrate safety and efficacy prior to marketing. Conversely, prescription products are supported by extensive clinical safety and efficacy investigations required for FDA approval and have active and ongoing safety monitoring programs. While omega-3 fatty acid dietary supplements may have a place in the supplementation of diet, they generally contain lower levels of EPA and DHA than prescription products and are not approved or intended to treat disease. Perhaps due to the lack of regulation of dietary supplements, EPA and DHA levels may vary widely within and between brands, and products may also contain unwanted cholesterol or fats or potentially harmful components, including toxins and oxidized fatty acids. Accordingly, omega-3 fatty acid dietary supplements should not be substituted for prescription products. Similarly, prescription products containing DHA and EPA should not be substituted for the EPA-only prescription product, as DHA may raise LDL-C and thereby complicate the management of patients with dyslipidemia.
Omega-3 ethyl ester concentrate decreases total apolipoprotein CIII and increases antithrombin III in postmyocardial infarction patients; This study investigated whether an ethyl ester preparation of fish oil (omega-3) could normalise raised plasma concentrations of triglycerides, apolipoprotein CIII on apolipoprotein B-containing particles (LP CIII:B) found in patients with recent acute myocardial infarction. We also studied the effect of fish oil on antithrombin III levels. Out of 75 patients with a plasma triglyceride value greater than or equal to 2.0 mmol/L, 22 normalised their triglycerides during diet and were therefore not randomised. The remaining patients were randomly assigned to 12 weeks' treatment with a daily dose of 4g omega-3 or placebo. Mean plasma triglyceride concentrations were reduced by 24% from 3.10 +/- 1.15 (SD) to 2.53 +/- 0.94 mmol/L (p < 0.001) on omega-3 (p < 0.001 vs placebo). The reduction was due to decreases in very low density lipoprotein concentrations. Total apolipoprotein CIII decreased significantly. This was due to reductions in LP CIII:non B concentrations, but the ratio LP CIII:non B/LP CIII:B was unaffected because of a slight insignificant decrease in LP CIII:B. The plasma triglyceride decreasing effect of omega-3 could therefore not be due to redistribution of CIII between lipoproteins. Low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol increased significantly with omega-3 by 7%, and antithrombin III increased significantly with fish oil.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Biochemistry: Perspectives from Human Nutrition; The possibility that western diets poor in omega-3 and rich in omega-6 fatty acids contribute to the increasing burden of chronic diseases including neurological problems is becoming recognized. Modern, westernized diets provide 80 to 90% of polyunsaturated fatty acids as omega-6 linoleic acid (LA) and are depleted in omega-3 fatty acids, giving a distorted balance of LA to alpha-linoleic acid, and to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). LA intakes exceed D-6 desaturase needs for maximal activity. LA accumulates in blood and tissue lipids with increasing intake, and this exacerbates competition between LA and limited omega-3 fatty acids for metabolism and acylation into tissue lipids. Increasing EPA and DHA intake decreases tissue omega-6 fatty acids while also providing EPA and DHA. However, strategies for EPA and DHA supplementation do not address potential underlying problems of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acid imbalance in the food supply.
Evolutionary aspects of omega-3 fatty acids in the food supply; Information from archaeological findings and studies from modern day hunter-gatherers suggest that the Paleolithic diet is the diet we evolved on and for which our genetic profile was programmed. The Paleolithic diet is characterized by lower fat and lower saturated fat intake than Western diets; a balanced intake of omega-6 and omega-3 essential fatty acids; small amounts of trans fatty acids, contributing less than 2% of dietary energy; more green leafy vegetables and fruits providing higher levels of vitamin E and Vitamin C and other antioxidants than today's diet and higher amounts of calcium and potassium but lower sodium intake. Studies on the traditional Greek diet (diet of Crete) indicate an omega-6/omega-3 ratio of about 1/1. The importance of a balanced ratio of omega-6:omega-3, a lower saturated fatty acid and lower total fat intake (30-33%), along with higher intakes of fruits and vegetables leading to increases in vitamin E and C, was tested in the Lyon Heart study. The Lyon study, based on a modified diet of Crete, confirmed the importance of omega-3 fatty acids from marine and terrestrial sources, and vitamin E and vitamin C, in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease, and cancer mortality.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Reduce Remnant-like Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Improve the Ankle-Brachial Index of Hemodialysis Patients with Dyslipidemia: A Pilot Study; Background and Objectives: Omega-3 fatty acids have potent lipid-lowering and antiplatelet effects; however, randomized controlled trials have yet to examine the effect of high-dose omega-3 fatty acid administration on peripheral artery disease (PAD) in hemodialysis patients with dyslipidemia. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the ankle-brachial index (ABI) and remnant-like lipoprotein cholesterol (RLP-C) levels, which are indicators of PAD severity. Materials and Methods: Thirty-eight participants (mean age: 73.6 +/- 12.7 years) were randomly assigned using stratified block randomization to either conventional therapy alone or conventional therapy supplemented with high-dose EPA/DHA (EPA: 1860 mg; DHA: 1500 mg) for a three-month intervention period. Patients in the conventional therapy alone group who opted to continue were provided with a low-dose EPA/DHA regimen (EPA: 930 mg; DHA: 750 mg) for an additional three months. The baseline and 3-month values for RLP-C, an atherogenic lipid parameter, and the ABI were recorded. Results: The results of the 3-month assessments revealed that the mean RLP-C changes were -3.25 +/- 3.15 mg/dL and 0.44 +/- 2.53 mg/dL in the EPA/DHA and control groups, respectively (p < 0.001), whereas the changes in the mean ABI values were 0.07 +/- 0.11 and -0.02 +/- 0.09 in the EPA/DHA and control groups, respectively (p = 0.007). In the EPA/DHA group, a significant negative correlation was found between the changes in RLP-C levels and the ABI (r = -0.475, p = 0.04). Additionally, the change in the RLP-C levels independently influenced the change in the ABI in the EPA/DHA group, even after adjusting for age, sex, and statin use (p = 0.042). Conclusions: Add-on EPA/DHA treatment improved the effectiveness of conventional therapy (such as statin treatment) for improving the ABI in hemodialysis patients with dyslipidemia by lowering RLP-C levels. Therefore, clinicians involved in dialysis should focus on RLP-C when considering residual cardiovascular disease risk in hemodialysis patients and should consider screening patients with elevated levels.
Four-oil intravenous lipid emulsion effect on plasma fatty acid composition, inflammatory markers and clinical outcomes in acutely ill patients: A randomised control trial (Foil fact); Background and aims: Data in critically ill patients on the effect of intravenous lipid emulsions (LEs), containing omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), in parenteral nutrition (PN) are scarce and conflicting. This study compared the effects of a four-oil LE (30% soybean oil, 30% medium-chain triglycerides, 25% olive oil and 15% fish oil (FO)) (SMOFlipid (R)) to those of a 100% soybean oil-based LE in critically ill adult intensive care unit (ICU) patients.
Australian consumers' preferences for conventional and novel sources of long chain omega-3 fatty acids: A conjoint study; This paper reports on a conjoint study of the influence of product (concept) attributes on Australian consumers' preferences for conventional and novel (genetically modified, GM) sources of foods rich in long chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCO3FA). Text "concepts" representing the potential options for possible (future) products were presented to 220 consumers. Attitudes were elicited that might segment (cluster) consumers, including measures of fear appraisal and coping appraisal towards coronary heart disease (CHD), barriers to consumption of current available LCO3FA foods and perceived risk/benefits of the source of LCO3FA (GM oilseeds and fish). Additionally, frequency of bread, milk and fish consumption, objective CHD risk factors and socio-demographics were also measured. The sample clustered into three groups characterised as (1) "Conservatives" (28%); (2) "Confident protectors" favourable towards GM (51%) and (3) "anti-GW (20%). Whilst there was general preference for conventional farmed fish fed fishmeal, a large segment reported favourability towards farmed fish fed GM oilseed. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acids modulate collagen signaling in human platelets; Dietary intake of the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DNA) results in cardioprotective benefits. However, the cellular and physiological bases for these benefits remain unclear. We hypothesized that EPA and DNA treatments would interfere with collagen-mediated platelet signaling. Thirty healthy volunteers received 28 days of 3.4 g/d EPA + DHA with and without a single dose of aspirin. Clinical hematologic parameters were then measured along with assays of collagen-stimulated platelet activation and protein phosphorylation. Omega-3 therapy led to a small but significant reduction in platelets (6.3%) and red blood cells (1.7%), but did not impair clinical time-to-closure assays. However, collagen-mediated platelet signaling events of integrin activation, alpha-granule secretion, and phosphatidylserine exposure were all reduced by roughly 50% after omega-3 incorporation, and collagen-induced tyrosine phosphorylation was significantly impaired. The diminished platelet response to collagen may account for some of the cardioprotective benefits provided by DNA and EPA. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Protective effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on sepsis via the AMPK/mTOR pathway; Context Sepsis is a systemic inflammatory response caused by infection, with high morbidity and mortality. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) have reported biological activities. Objective This study explored the signaling pathways through which omega-3 PUFAs protect against sepsis-induced multiorgan failure. Materials and methods Septic Sprague-Dawley (SD) rat model was established by the cecum ligation perforation (CLP) method. Rats were divided into control, sham, model, parenteral omega-3 PUFAs (0.5 g/kg) treatment, omega-3 PUFAs (0.5 g/kg) + AMPK inhibitor Compound C (30 mg/kg) treatment, and omega-3 PUFAs (0.5 g/kg) + mTOR activator MHY1485 (10 mg/kg) treatment groups. The serum inflammatory cytokines were measured using ELISA. Organ damage-related markers cTnI, CK, CK-MB, Cr, BUN, ALT, and AST were measured using an automated chemical analyzer. The AMPK/mTOR pathway in liver, kidney, and myocardial tissues was detected using western blot and qRT-PCR methods. Results CLP treatment enhanced the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines and multi-organ related markers, along with increased p-AMPK/AMPK ratio (from 0.47 to 0.87) and decreased p-mTOR/mTOR ratio (from 0.33 to 0.12) in rats. The inflammation response and multi-organ injury induced by CLP treatment could be partially counteracted by 0.5 g/kg parenteral omega-3 PUFA treatment. The activated AMPK/mTOR pathway in CLP-induced rats was further promoted. Finally, Compound C and MHY1485 could reverse the effects of parenteral omega-3 PUFA treatment on sepsis rats. Discussion and conclusion omega-3 PUFAs ameliorated sepsis development by activating the AMPK/mTOR pathway, serving as a potent therapeutic agent for sepsis. Further in vivo studies may validate potential clinical use.
Aspirin and omega-3 fatty acid status interact in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases in Framingham Heart Study; Background: The roles of omega-3 (n3) fatty acids [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] and low-dose aspirin in the primary prevention of ischemic cardiovascular disease (CVD) are controversial. Since omega-3 (n3) fatty acids and aspirin affect cyclooxygenase activity in platelets, there could be a clinically-relevant effect of aspirin combined with a particular n3 fatty acid level present in each individual. Methods: RBC EPA+DHA, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) were measured in 2500 participants without known CVD in the Framingham Heart Study. We then tested for interactions with reported aspirin use (1004 reported use and 1494 did not) on CVD outcomes. The median follow-up was 7.2 years. Results: Having RBC EPA+DHA in the second quintile (4.2-4.9% of total fatty acids) was associated with significantly reduced risk for future CVD events (relative to the first quintile, <4.2%) in those who did not take aspirin (HR 0.54 (0.30, 0.98)), but in those reporting aspirin use, risk was significantly increased (HR 2.16 (1.19, 3.92)) in this quintile. This interaction remained significant when adjusting for confounders. Significant interactions were also present for coronary heart disease and stroke outcomes using the same quintiles. Similar findings were present for EPA and DHA alone but not for DPA and AA. Conclusions: There is a complex interaction between aspirin use and RBC EPA+DHA levels on CVD outcomes. This suggests that aspirin use may be beneficial in one omega-3 environment but harmful in another, implying that a personalized approach to both aspirin use and omega-3 supplementation may be needed.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids From Fish, Other Nutrient Intake, and Lifestyle Factors: Exploring the Relationship in Children; The omega-3 fatty acids found mostly in seafood are essential nutrients that may help prevent or control a number of diseases; however, the evidence for this is not conclusive. The positive effects may be because of other dietary and lifestyle factors. Therefore, we investigated the association between fish intake and other nutrition indicators and lifestyle and demographic factors among children. The study employed grade-4 student data of the 2000-2004 Hawaii Nutrition Education Needs Assessment Survey. In a sample 666 children (mean age = 9.57 +/- 0.06 years, 55.6% female, 62.4% Asian/Pacific Islander), analysis indicated that fish consumption is positively associated with healthy lifestyle indicators, such as physical activity and a healthy body mass index. Fish consumption is also positively associated with protein and kilocalories intake but not with fruits and vegetables consumption. Findings suggest that the positive health behaviors linked to fish consumption may lie more in physical activity than in diet behaviors. Given that fish consumption is important for children, interventions promoting fish consumption in a balanced diet with fruit and vegetable, as well as other positive lifestyle behaviors are warranted.
Clinical correlates and heritability of erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid content in the Framingham Heart Study; Objectives: Red blood cell (RBC) levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, the omega-3 index, expressed as a percent of total fatty acids) are inversely related to risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although several mechanisms underlying this relationship have been proposed, understanding the associations between the omega-3 index and markers of CVD in the community can shed additional light on this question. The objectives of this study were to define the relations between the omega-3 index and clinical factors and to determine the heritability of the omega-3 index.
A Novel Omega-3 Fatty Acid Desaturase Involved in Acclimation Processes of Polar Condition from Antarctic Ice Algae Chlamydomonas sp ICE-L; The ability of Antarctic ice algae, Chlamydomonas sp. ICE-L, to survive and proliferate at low temperature and high salinity implies that they have overcome key barriers inherent in Antarctic environments. A full-length complementary DNA (cDNA) sequence of omega-3 fatty acid desaturase, designated CiFAD3, was isolated via reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and rapid amplification of cDNA ends methods. The full-length of CiFAD3 cDNA contained an open reading frame of 1,302 bp with 5'-terminal untranslated region (UTR) of 36 bp and 3'-terminal UTR of 507 bp encoding a fatty acid desaturase protein of 434 amino acids. Sequence alignment and phylogenetic analysis showed that the gene was homologous to known chloroplastic omega-3 fatty acid desaturase. Meanwhile, CiFAD3 sequence showed typical features of membrane-bound desaturase such as three conserved histidine boxes along with four membrane spanning regions that were universally present among plant desaturases. Under different stress conditions, messenger RNA (mRNA) expression levels of CiFAD3 were measured by quantitative RT-PCR. The results showed that both temperature and salinity could motivate the upregulation of CiFAD3 expression. The mRNA accumulation of CiFAD3 increased 2.6-fold at 0A degrees C and 1.8-fold at 12A degrees C compared to the algae at 6A degrees C. Similarly, mRNA expression levels of CiFAD3 increased 3.8-fold after 62aEuro degrees NaCl treatment for 2 h. However, CiFAD3 mRNA expression levels were partially decreased after UV radiation. These data suggest that CiFAD3 is the enzyme responsible for the omega-3 fatty acid desaturation involved in ice algae Chlamydomonas sp. ICE-L acclimatizing to cold temperature and high salinity in Antarctic environment.
Protection from Procedural Myocardial Injury by Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs): Is Related with Lower Levels of Creatine Kinase-MB (CK-MB) and Troponin I?; SummaryObjective
Excipient-free prodrug-based three-in-one nanoparticles co-deliver diversified agents to amplify tumor therapy; This study reports the design of a novel excipient-free small molecule prodrug (DEX-ALA)-based nanoparticle (DEX-ALA/DTX) which combines (i) the ability to target dexamethasone (DEX) and docetaxel (DTX) simultaneously to an experimental solid tumor under the natural tumor-targeting properties with (ii) high drugs loading (49.3% DTX, 29.2% DEX, and 21.5% ALA), (iii) high stability (low premature release) in circulation, (iv) stimuli responsive disassembly and release DEX and DTX in tumor, and inducing immunogenic cell death (ICD) for immunotherapy. This concept is based on the inclusion of hydrophobic DTX into nanoparticles constructed by self-assembling of esterase-responsive prodrug of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) dexamethasone conjugate. Computational and experimental evidences prove the recapitulation of nanoparticles structure and esterase-responsive release. In tumor compartment, DEX modulates tumor microenvironment, reduces interstitial fluid pressure (IFP) to promote DEX-ALA/DTX nanoparticles accumulating in tumor, and also suppresses inflammation induced tumor progression. DTX exerts its cytotoxicity effect to eliminate tumor cells and induces ICD to produce anti-tumor immune response. Both systemic administration and peritumoral administration of DEX-ALA/DTX nanoparticles display excellent tumor shrinkage on 4 T1 breast cancer models, but the histology investigation of the tumor biopsies evidences lung metastasis of peritumoral route. These findings give insight in overcoming tumor microenvironment obstacles to promote nanoparticles accumulation and provide a rational strategy to increase antitumor efficiency. This new excipient-free small molecule prodrug based nanotechnology platform is expected to have important applications in cancer therapy.
Meta-analysis of the effects of <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on haematological and thrombogenic factors in type 2 diabetes; Aim/hypothesis To determine whether marine-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( n-3 PUFA) ( also known as omega-3 fatty acids) have beneficial effects on haematological and thrombogenic risk markers in addition to dyslipidaemia, in patients with type 2 diabetes.
EFFECT OF DIETARY ALPHA-LINOLENATE LINOLEATE BALANCE ON MEAN SURVIVAL-TIME, INCIDENCE OF STROKE AND BLOOD-PRESSURE OF SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS; Following the suckling period, stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR-SP) were fed semi-purified diets supplemented either with safflower seed oil (rich in linoleic acid) or with perilla seed oil (rich in alpha-linolenic acid). The mean survival time of male SHR-SP fed the perilla diet was longer than that fed the safflower diet by 17% (p < 0.001) while the difference was 15% in female SHR-SP (p < 0.05). The mean survival times of female SHR-SP were more than 40% longer than those of male SHR-SP in both dietary groups. Postmortem examinations of brains revealed apoplexy-related symptoms as the major cause of the death in both dietary groups. The systolic blood pressure was lower by ca. 10% (21 mmHg) in the perilla group than in both the safflower group and conventional diet group. The eicosapentaenoate (20:5 n-3)/arachidonate (20:4 n-6) ratio of platelet phospholipids in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR), a measure of platelet aggregability, was much higher in the perilla group than in the safflower group. Thus, increasing the dietary alph-linolenate/linoleate ratio resulted in an increased mean survival time of SHR-SP rats, possibly by lowering blood pressure and platelet aggregability.
LONG-TERM INFLUENCE OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS ON FIBRINOLYSIS, FIBRINOGEN, AND SERUM-LIPIDS; The long-term influence of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) on fibrinolytic parameters before and after venous occlusion (VO), fibrinogen, and serum lipids was assessed in a group of moderately hypertriglyceridemic patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery. The patients (n=58) were investigated before the operation (baseline), and 6 months afterwards. Following randomization postoperatively, 29 patients received 4 g omega-3 FA concentrate, containing 3.4g eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid per day. The remaining 29 patients constituted the control group.
Membrane modulatory effects of omega-3 fatty acids: Analysis of molecular level interactions; Bioactive omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to reduce the risk of death in patients with cardiovascular disease and alleviate the symptoms of other inflammatory diseases. However, the mechanisms of action of these effects remain unclear. It has been postulated that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids modify cell membranes by incorporation into the membrane and altering the signaling properties of cellular receptors. In this chapter, we explore the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cell membrane structure and function. We present a review of the current evidence for the health benefits of these compounds and explore the molecular mechanisms through which omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids interact with membrane lipids and modulate bilayer structure. Using computational models of multicomponent phospholipid bilayers, we assess the consequences of incorporation of these fatty acids on membrane lipid packing, water permeation, and membrane structure.
Expression of Calgranulin Genes S100A8, S100A9 and S100A12 Is Modulated by n-3 PUFA during Inflammation in Adipose Tissue and Mononuclear Cells; Calgranulin genes (S100A8, S100A9 and S100A12) play key immune response roles in inflammatory disorders, including cardiovascular disease. Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) may have systemic and adipose tissue-specific anti-inflammatory and cardio-protective action. Interactions between calgranulins and the unsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA) have been reported, yet little is known about the relationship between calgranulins and the LC n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). We explored tissue-specific action of calgranulins in the setting of evoked endotoxemia and n-3 PUFA supplementation. Expression of calgranulins in adipose tissue in vivo was assessed by RNA sequencing (RNASeq) before and after n-3 PUFA supplementation and evoked endotoxemia in the fenofibrate and omega-3 fatty acid modulation of endotoxemia (FFAME) Study. Subjects received n-3 PUFA (n = 8; 3600mg/day EPA/DHA) or matched placebo (n = 6) for 6-8 weeks, before completing an endotoxin challenge (LPS 0.6 ng/kg). Calgranulin genes were up-regulated post-LPS, with greater increase in n-3 PUFA (S100A8 15-fold, p = 0.003; S100A9 7-fold, p = 0.003; S100A12 28-fold, p = 0.01) compared to placebo (S100A8 2-fold, p = 0.01; S100A9 1.4-fold, p = 0.4; S100A12 5-fold, p = 0.06). In an independent evoked endotoxemia study, calgranulin gene expression correlated with the systemic inflammatory response. Through in vivo and in vitro interrogation we highlight differential responses in adipocytes and mononuclear cells during inflammation, with n-3 PUFA leading to increased calgranulin expression in adipose, but decreased expression in circulating cells. In conclusion, we present a novel relationship between n-3 PUFA anti-inflammatory action in vivo and cell-specific modulation of calgranulin expression during innate immune activation.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids and bone health; The data presented in this review describe consistent and reproducible beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids on bone metabolism and bone/joint disease. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) modulate eicosanoid biosynthesis in numerous tissues and cell types, alter signal transduction, and influence gene expression. The effect of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular disease, certain cancer and bone/joint health is related to the newer discoveries of how dietary PUFA impact health. Since the prostanoid PGE(2) plays an important role in bone metabolism and inflammatory process, we speculate that by modulating the dietary ratio of n-6/n-3 fatty acids, bone growth could be optimized during bone modeling and bone mass better maintained during bone remodeling. Future research on n-3 fatty acids should focus on two aspects of bone. The first, to further elucidate the effects of n-3 fatty acids on biochemical and molecular factors that are involved in bone modeling, remodeling, and disease processes. The second, to evaluate the pharmaceutical interactions and applications of these nutraceutical fatty acids in maintaining bone mineral status and controlling inflammatory bone/joint diseases.
Circulating Omega-6, But Not Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids, Are Associated with Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Acute Decompensated Heart Failure; Background
Fish for a healthy heart; omega -3 fatty acids have been shown to possess hypolipemic, antihypertensive, antiinflammatory, antithrombotic and antiarrhythmic properties making them of interest in the prevention of coronary artery disease and stroke, mild hypertension, type 2 diabetes, autoimmune nephropathy, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. For prevention of coronary heart disease complications a stabilization of membrane eletrophysiologic function in a manner that makes it less vulnerable to fatal arrhythmias is most important. Besides all the attention to common risk factors in trying to keep the heart healthy, a Little fish two times per week is a prudent advice, particularly if it substitutes other sources of protein, like fatty meats, and is served with a green salad and legumes.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids aid in the modulation of inflammation and metabolic health; This article focuses on the role of omega-3 fatty acids as precursors for lipid signaling molecules known as oxylipins. Although omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial in autoimmune disorders, inflammatory diseases and heart disease, they are generally underrepresented in the American diet. A literature review confirms that the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids - whether in food sources such as walnuts, flax seeds and fatty fish (including salmon and sardines), or in supplements - is associated with decreased morbidity and mortality. This growing body of evidence, including the results of a recent study of patients with kidney disease, highlights the need to measure omega-3 fatty acids and their oxylipin products as markers of metabolic health and biomarkers of disease. In addition, there is substantial evidence of the need to increase the omega-3 fatty acid content of American diets to optimize metabolic health.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids favourably modulate cardiometabolic biomarkers in type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials; Background: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggest that supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFAs) may favourably modify cardiometabolic biomarkers in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Previous meta-analyses are limited by insufficient sample sizes and omission of meta-regression techniques, and a large number of RCTs have subsequently been published since the last comprehensive meta-analysis. Updated information regarding the impact of dosage, duration or an interaction between these two factors is therefore warranted. The objective was to comprehensively assess the effect of n-3PUFAs supplementation on cardiometabolic biomarkers including lipid profiles, inflammatory parameters, blood pressure, and indices of glycaemic control, in people with T2DM, and identify whether treatment dosage, duration or an interaction thereof modify these effects.
Particulate matter air pollutants and cardiovascular disease: Strategies for intervention; Air pollution is consistently linked with elevations in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and CVD-related mortality. Particulate matter (PM) is a critical factor in air pollution-associated CVD. PM forms in the air during the combustion of fuels as solid particles and liquid droplets and the sources of airborne PM range from dust and dirt to soot and smoke. The health impacts of PM inhalation are well documented. In the US, where CVD is already the leading cause of death, it is estimated that PM2.5 (PM < 2.5 pm in size) is responsible for nearly 200,000 premature deaths annually. Despite the public health data, definitive mechanisms underlying PM-associated CVD are elusive. However, evidence to-date implicates mechanisms involving oxidative stress, inflammation, metabolic dysfunction and dyslipidemia, contributing to vascular dysfunction and atherosclerosis, along with autonomic dysfunction and hypertension. For the benefit of susceptible individuals and individuals who live in areas where PM levels exceed the National Ambient Air Quality Standard, interventional strategies for mitigating PM-associated CVD are necessary. This review will highlight current state of knowledge with respect to mechanisms for PM-dependent CVD. Based upon these mechanisms, strategies for intervention will be outlined. Citing data from animal models and human subjects, these highlighted strategies include: 1) antioxidants, such as vitamins E and C, carnosine, sulforaphane and resveratrol, to reduce oxidative stress and systemic inflammation; 2) omega-3 fatty acids, to inhibit inflammation and autonomic dysfunction; 3) statins, to decrease cholesterol accumulation and inflammation; 4) melatonin, to regulate the immune-pineal axis and 5) metformin, to address PM-associated metabolic dysfunction. Each of these will be discussed with respect to its potential role in limiting PM-associated CVD. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic abnormalities and low dietary Omega 3 are associated with symptom severity and worse functioning prior to the onset of psychosis: Findings from the North American Prodrome Longitudinal Studies Consortium; Objective: Patients with schizophrenia have a high prevalence of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular mortality. It is possible that a vulnerability to metabolic abnormalities is associated with risk for psychosis, symptoms and functionality. In this study, we evaluate demographic information, cardiometabolic indices, symptoms and functioning in an antipsychotic free cohort at Clinical High Risk (CHR) for psychosis from the NAPLS Omega 3 fatty acid clinical trial.
Omega-3 fatty acids enhance tumor necrosis factor-α levels in heart transplant recipients; Background. Proinflammatory cytokines may contribute to clinical complications in heart transplant (HTx) recipients. Previous studies have shown immunodulating effects of omega-3 fatty acids, but the results are somewhat conflicting. In this study, we examined plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL) 10, and their relations to antioxidant vitamins in 45 HTx recipients before and after treatment with omega-3 fatty acids or placebo.
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce cardiometabolic risk in first-episode schizophrenia patients treated with antipsychotics: Findings from the OFFER randomized controlled study; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) increases the risk of premature mortality observed in schizophrenia (SCZ). N & minus;3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) deficiency has been reported in different stages of schizophrenia. N & minus;3 PUFA supplementation was found to be beneficial in both chronic SCZ and MetS. No intervention studies based on n & minus;3 PUFA as add-on therapy to antipsychotics have examined the changes in MetS risk in first-episode schizophrenia. Aim: This randomized placebo-controlled trial assesses the effect of a 26-week intervention composed of either 2.2 g/day of n & minus;3 PUFA or olive oil placebo on the frequency of MetS and the changes in its constituents as a secondary outcome measure. Methods: Seventy-one adult inpatients diagnosed with first-episode schizophrenia were randomly assigned to study groups. The active intervention used a 3:2 mixture of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Metabolic syndrome components were monitored throughout the study. Results: A significant reduction in the frequency of MetS was observed in the EPA + DHA group (p = 0.0408); as well as some specific MetS components: e.g., a decrease in fasting blood glucose (p = 0.045). The beneficial effects of EPA + DHA were even more pronounced in patients treated mainly with olanzapine, e.g. significant reductions of total cholesterol (p = 0.037) and blood glucose levels (p = 0.034). Significant positive correlations were found between the general psychopathology subscale of PANSS (primary outcome) and triglyceride level changes. Conclusion: N & minus;3 PUFA supplementation in early SCZ may constitute a safe and affordable intervention that can reduce the risk of MetS and its lethal complications. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cognitive function after supplementation with B vitamins and long-chain omega-3 fatty acids: ancillary findings from the SU.FOL.OM3 randomized trial; Background: Rapid aging of the population worldwide necessitates a heightened concern about preventing cognitive decline.
Anti-apoptotic role of omega-3-fatty acids in developing brain: perinatal hypothyroid rat cerebellum as apoptotic model; Inadequate maternal intake of omega-3-fatty acids (omega 3 FAs) causes adverse neurodevelopmental outcome in the progeny; however, their molecular mechanism of action is obscure. Since omega 3 FAs are known to inhibit neuronal apoptosis during neuro-degeneration, we investigated their possible contribution in regulating neuronal apoptosis during brain development. Using rat model of hypothyroidism-induced neuronal apoptosis, we provide evidence for anti-apoptotic role of omega 3 FAs during cerebellar development. omega 3 FAs were supplemented as a mixture of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to pregnant and lactating rats, and primary hypothyroidism was induced by administering methimazole. The cerebella from postnatal day 16 (d16) pups were isolated, and studies on apoptosis were conducted. We observed that omega 3 FA-supplementation significantly reduced DNA fragmentation and caspase-3 activation in developing cerebellum of hypothyroid pups. The protection provided by omega 3 FAs was associated with their ability to prevent increases in the level of pro-apoptotic basal cell lymphoma protein-2 (Bcl-2)-associated X protein (Bax) in the cerebellum during thyroid hormone (TH) deficiency. omega 3 FAs increased the levels of anti-apoptotic proteins like Bcl-2 and Bcl-extra large (Bcl-X-L), known to be repressed in hypothyroidism. omega 3 FAs also restored levels of cerebellar phospho (p)-AKT, phospho-extracellular regulated kinase (p-ERK) and phospho-c-Jun N-terminal kinase (p-JNK), which were altered by hypothyroid insults, without interfering with the expression of TH responsive gene, myelin basic protein (mbp). Taken together, these results supplement an insight into the molecular mechanism of action of omega 3 FAs in developing brain that involves regulation of apoptotic signaling pathways under stress. (C) 2009 ISDN. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Blood omega-3 and trans fatty acids in middle-aged acute coronary syndrome patients; We tested the hypothesis that lower blood omega-3 (w-3) fatty acids (FAs) and/or higher trans FAs are associated with the risk of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Higher levels of w-3 FA have been associated with decreased risk of sudden cardiac death. However, their association with ACS risk is unclear. Although higher self-reported intakes of trans FAs have been linked to increased coronary risk, the association between blood levels of trans FA and ACS risk is also unknown. We analyzed the FA composition of whole blood from 94 subjects with ACS and 94 age-, gender-, and race-matched controls. Omega-3 and trans FA associations with ACS were assessed using multivariable models after adjusting for smoking status, alcohol use, diabetes, body mass index, serum lipids, and history of myocardial infarction or revascularization. Subjects' mean age was 47 years, 54% were men, and 80% were Caucasian. Whole blood long-chain w-3 FA (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] plus docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) content was 29% lower in patients than in controls (1.7 +/- 0.9% vs 2.4 +/- 1.4%, p < 0.001), whereas trans FA content was not different (2.1 +/- 0.7% vs 2.0 +/- 0.9%, p = NS). The multivariable-adjusted odds for case status was 0.67 (95% confidence interval 0.46 to 0.98) for a 1 SD increase in blood EPA + DHA. The inclusion of trans FAs in the EPA + DHA model did not alter this association. In conclusion, low blood EPA + DHA content is an independent predictor of increased risk for ACS, but higher blood trans FA content is not. Blood EPA + DHA may serve as a new, modifiable risk factor for ACS. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
PLASMATIC FACTORS OF HEMOSTASIS REMAIN ESSENTIALLY UNCHANGED EXCEPT FOR PAI ACTIVITY DURING N-3 FATTY-ACID INTAKE IN TYPE-I DIABETES-MELLITUS; Diabetic patients are prone to develop vascular complications. Increased procoagulatory factors and a reduced fibrinolytic potential are considered as thrombogenic risk factors, although controversy remains. In epidemiological and dietary intervention studies fish or fish oil, rich in the two n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have demonstrated a potential to reduce cardiovascular disease. We compared the plasmatic coagulatory and fibrinolytic profile of 13 near normoglycaemic type I diabetics almost free of cardiovascular disease with healthy volunteers, matched for age and sex. Except for fibrinogen levels and tPA activity being elevated and soluble fibrin and fibrinopeptide A being reduced, no differences could be discerned between type I diabetics and controls in all investigated plasmatic parameters. In a dietary intervention study we investigated the effects of 5.4 g EPA and 2.7 g DHA per day during and after a 4-week dietary supplementation in the diabetic patients. The factors, inhibitors and activation products of coagulation and fibrinolysis measured were at best transiently affected by the diet. Only plasminogen activator inhibitory activity in plasma significantly increased during the dietary supplementation and returned to prediet values after cessation of n-3 fatty acids. Changes in PAI activity were negatively correlated to changes in serum triglycerides. We conclude that well adjusted type I diabetics show an almost unchanged haemostatic profile compared to matched healthy controls. A dietary intervention with n-3 fatty acids in these patients does not affect the plasmatic haemostatic pattern except for an increase in PAI activity.
Principal results of the <i>VIT</i>amin D and Omeg<i>A</i>-3 Tria<i>L</i> (VITAL) and updated meta-analyses of relevant vitamin D trials; Whether supplemental vitamin D reduces risk of cancer or cardiovascular disease (CVD) is relatively unexplored in randomized trial settings. The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) was a nationwide, randomized, placebo-controlled, 2x2 factorial trial of daily vitamin D-3 (2000 IU) and marine omega-3 fatty acids (1 g) in the primary prevention of cancer and CVD among 25,871 U.S. men aged >= 50 and women aged >= 55, including 5106 African Americans. Median treatment duration was 5.3 years. Vitamin D did not significantly reduce the primary endpoint of total invasive cancer incidence (hazard ratio [HR]= 0.96 [95% confidence interval 0.88-1.06]) but showed a promising signal for reduction in total cancer mortality (HR = 0.83 [0.67-1.02]), especially in analyses that accounted for latency by excluding the first year (HR = 0.79 [0.63-0.99]) or first 2 years (HR = 0.75 [0.59-0.96]) of follow-up. Vitamin D did not significantly reduce the co-primary endpoint of major CVD events (HR = 0.97 [0.85-1.12]), other cardiovascular endpoints, or all-cause mortality (HR = 0.99 [0.87-1.12]). Updated meta-analyses that include VITAL and other recent vitamin D trials indicate a significant reduction in cancer mortality but not in cancer incidence or CVD endpoints. Additional research is needed to determine which individuals may be most likely to derive a net benefit from vitamin D supplementation.
Dietary Oat Bran Increases Some Proinflammatory Polyunsaturated Fatty-Acid Oxidation Products and Reduces Anti-Inflammatory Products in Apolipoprotein E<SUP>-/-</SUP> Mice; Oat bran is suggested to attenuate atherosclerotic conditions by regulating dyslipidemia, endothelial function, and oxidative damage. Through the measurement of oxidized polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), oxidative stress, and inflammation status in liver and heart tissues of apolipoprotein E-/- (ApoE(-/-)), mice fed with high fat diet (HFD) or HFD with oat bran (HFD + Oat) were investigated. Using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), PUFA and over 40 types of its oxidized products were assessed. The HFD + Oat group had augmented adrenic acid (ADA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and suppressed n-3 docosapentaenoic acid levels in the liver tissues compared to the HFD group. Arachidonic acid (ARA) and -linolenic acid (ALA) levels were elevated and ADA was suppressed in the heart tissues of the HFD + Oat group compared to the HFD group. Furthermore, enzymatically mediated oxidized ARA product levels (9-, 11- and 20-HETE [hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid], and PGF(2)) were augmented and those of the oxidized DHA products (4-, 7-, 10-, 11-, 13-, and 14-HDHA [hydroxy-docosahexaenoic acid]) were reduced in the liver tissues of the HFD + Oat group. It also increased 17-F-2t-dihomo-isoprostane and 7-F-2t-dihomo-isofuran derived from nonenzymatic oxidation of ADA in the heart and liver tissues, and those from ALA namely 16-F-1t-phytoprostane and 16(RS)-13-epi-ST14-9-phytofuran. Our study showed oat bran to be a weak antioxidant and lacked anti-inflammatory properties in atherosclerotic mice. Elevation of oxidized PUFA products that are potentially proinflammatory and vasoconstrictors (HETE, PGF(2)) with simultaneous reduction of those that are anti-inflammatory (HDHA) may not be desirable in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation Differentially Modulates the SDF-1/CXCR-4 Cell Homing Axis in Hypertensive and Normotensive Rats; Background: We assessed the effect of acute and chronic dietary supplementation of omega-3 on lipid metabolism and cardiac regeneration, through its influence on the Stromal Derived Factor-1 (SDF-1) and its receptor (CXCR4) axis in normotensive and hypertensive rats. Methods: Male Wistar Kyoto (WKY) and spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) were allocated in eight groups (of eight animals each), which received daily orogastric administration of omega-3 (1 g) for 24 h, 72 h or 2 weeks. Blood samples were collected for the analysis of the lipid profile and SDF-1 systemic levels (ELISA). At the end of the treatment period, cardiac tissue was collected for CXCR4 expression analysis (Western blot). Results: The use of omega-3 caused a reduction in total cholesterol levels (p = 0.044), and acutely activated the SDF-1/CXCR4 axis in normotensive animals (p = 0.037). In the presence of the omega-3, after 72 h, SDF-1 levels decreased in WKY and increased in SHR (p = 0.017), and tissue expression of the receptor CXCR4 was higher in WKY than in SHR (p = 0.001). Conclusion: The omega-3 fatty acid supplementation differentially modulates cell homing mediators in normotensive and hypertensive animals. While WKY rats respond acutely to omega-3 supplementation, showing increased release of SDF-1 and CXCR4, SHR exhibit a weaker, delayed response.
The Role of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Acute Pancreatitis: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; To determine whether treatment with omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) provides benefits to patients with acute pancreatitis (AP). The Cochrane Library, PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Chinese Biomedical Literature Database were searched. Data analysis was performed using Revman 5.2 software. A total of eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Overall, omega-3 FA treatment resulted in a significantly reduced risk of mortality (RR 0.35; 95% CI 0.16 to 0.75, p < 0.05), infectious complications (RR 0.54; 95% CI 0.34 to 0.85, p < 0.05) and length of hospital stay (MD -6.50; 95% CI -9.54 to -3.46, p < 0.05), but not length of ICU stay (MD -1.98; 95% CI -6.92 to 2.96, p > 0.05). In subgroup analysis, only patients who received omega-3 FA parenterally had some statistically significant benefits in terms of mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.37; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 0.86, p < 0.05), infectious complications (RR 0.5; 95% CI 0.28 to 0.9, p < 0.05) and length of hospital stay (mean difference (MD) -8.13; 95% CI -10.39 to -5.87, p < 0.001). The administration of omega-3 FA may be beneficial for decreasing mortality, infectious complications, and length of hospital stay in AP, especially when used parenterally. Large and rigorously designed RCTs are required to elucidate the efficacy of parenteral or enteral omega-3 FA treatment in AP.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and reduction of traumatic axonal injury in a rodent head injury model Laboratory investigation; Object. Traumatic brain injury remains the most common cause of death in persons under 45 years of age in the Western world. Recent evidence from animal studies suggests that supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid (O3FA) (particularly eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) improves functional outcomes following focal neural injury. The purpose of this study is to determine the benefits of O3FA supplementation following diffuse axonal injury in rats.
High long-chain n-3 fatty acid intake attenuates the effect of high resting heart rate on cardiovascular mortality risk: A 24-year follow-up of Japanese general population; Background: Increased resting heart rate (RHR) independently predicts cardiovascular mortality. Meanwhile, long-chain n-3 fatty acids (LCn3FAs) have a cardioprotective effect. Our aim was to evaluate whether higher LCn3FAs intake attenuates the elevated risk of cardiovascular mortality associated with increased RHR.
Suppressed liver tumorigenesis in fat-1 mice with elevated omega-3 fatty acids is associated with increased omega-3 derived lipid mediators and reduced TNF-α; Liver tumors, particularly hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), are a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The development of HCC is mostly associated with chronic inflammatory liver disease of various etiologies. Previous studies have shown that omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) dampen inflammation in the liver and decrease formation of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha.
Brain protection by rapeseed oil in magnesium-deficient mice; Diets given for 30 days with various mono-(MUFA) and poly-(PUFA) unsaturated fatty acid contents were evaluated for brain protection in magnesium-deficient mice: a commercial and three synthetic diets (n-6PUFA, n-3PUFA and MUFA-based chows enriched with 5% corn/sunflower oils 1:3, with 5% rapeseed oil and with 5% high oleic acid sunflower oil/sunflower oil 7:3, respectively). Unlike magnesium deprivation, they induced significant differences in brain and erythrocyte membrane phospholipid fatty acid compositions. n-3PUFA but not other diets protected magnesium-deficient mice against hyperactivity and moderately towards maximal electroshock- and NMDA-induced seizures. This diet also inhibited audiogenic seizures by 50%, preventing animal deaths. Because, like n-6PUFA diet, matched control MUFA diet failed to induce brain protections, alpha-linolenate (ALA) rather than reduced n-6 PUFA diet content is concluded to cause n-3PUFA neuroprotection. Present in vivo data also corroborate literature in vitro inhibition of T type calcium channels by n-3 PUFA, adding basis to ALA supplementation in human anti-epileptic/neuroprotective strategies. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease Among Alaska Native Peoples; Although Alaska Native peoples were thought to be protected from cardiovascular disease (CVD), data now show that this is not the case, despite traditional lifestyles and high omega-3 fatty acid intake. In this article, the current understanding of CVD and its risk factors among Alaska Native peoples, particularly among the Yupik and Inupiat populations, will be discussed, using data from three major studies funded by the National Institutes of Health: Genetics of Coronary Artery Disease among Alaska Natives (GOCADAN), Center for Native Health Research (CANHR), and Education and Research Towards Health (EARTH). Data from these epidemiologic studies have focused concern on CVD and its risk factors among Alaska Native peoples. This review will summarize the findings of these three principal studies and will suggest future directions for research and clinical practice.
Omega-3 Index as a Sport Biomarker: Implications for Cardiovascular Health, Injury Prevention, and Athletic Performance; The composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the cell membrane plays a crucial role in cell signaling and function. Physical activity can induce shifts in PUFA metabolism, potentially altering their membrane composition. Given the multifaceted regulatory and structural roles of PUFA, training-related fluctuations in PUFA concentrations may impact health and athletic performance in both elite and non-elite athletes, highlighting the critical role of these fatty acids' nutritional intake. The omega-3 index (O3I), a biomarker reflecting the proportion of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in red blood cell membranes, is considered a marker of cardiovascular risk, gaining increasing interest in sports medicine. Dietary interventions aimed at maintaining an optimal O3I may offer several benefits for elite and non-elite athletes, including cardiovascular health performance optimization, recovery, and injury prevention. Here, we discuss emerging evidence on the application of O3I in sports and physical exercise, highlighting its promising role as a biomarker in a wide range of sports practices.
Effect of a Combined Therapeutic Approach of Intensive Lipid Management, Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation, and Increased Serum 25 (OH) Vitamin D on Coronary Calcium Scores in Asymptomatic Adults; The impact of intensive lipid management, omega-3 fatty acid, and vitamin D3 supplementation on atherosclerotic plaque was assessed through serial computed tomography coronary calcium scoring (CCS). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction with statin therapy has not been shown to reduce or slow progression of serial CCS in several recent studies, casting doubt on the usefulness of this approach for tracking atherosclerotic progression. In an open-label study, 45 male and female subjects with CCS of >= 50 without symptoms of heart disease were treated with statin therapy, niacin, and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation to achieve low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides <= 60 mg/dL; high-density lipoprotein >= 60 mg/dL; and vitamin D3 supplementation to achieve serum levels of >= 50 ng/mL 25(OH) vitamin D, in addition to diet advice. Lipid profiles of subjects were significantly changed as follows: total cholesterol -24%, low-density lipoprotein -41%; triglycerides -42%, high-density lipoprotein +19%, and mean serum 25(OH) vitamin D levels +83%. After a mean of 18 months, 20 subjects experienced decrease in CCS with mean change of -14.5% (range 0% to -64%); 22 subjects experienced no change or slow annual rate of CCS increase of +12% (range 1%-29%). Only 3 subjects experienced annual CCS progression exceeding 29% (44%-71%). Despite wide variation in response, substantial reduction of CCS was achieved in 44% of subjects and slowed plaque growth in 49% of the subjects applying a broad treatment program.
ω-3 Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters Diminish Postprandial Lipemia in Familial Hypercholesterolemia; Context: Impaired postprandial chylomicron metabolism induces hypertriglyceridemia and may increase the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl ester (omega-3 FAEE) supplementation decreases plasma triglycerides. However, its effect on postprandial chylomicron metabolism in familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) has not yet been investigated.
Fish consumption and the 30-year risk of fatal myocardial infarction; Background Epidemiologic data on the possible benefit of eating fish to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease have been inconsistent. We used data from the Chicago Western Electric Study to examine the relation between base-line fish consumption and the 30-year risk of death from coronary heart disease.
Proximate composition and fatty acid analysis of <i>Lablab</i> <i>purpureus</i> (L.) legume seed: implicates to both protein and essential fatty acid supplementation; The high mortality rate in Bangladesh is related to poverty, which results in protein malnutrition, essential fatty acid deficiency and lacks in adequate vitamins, minerals and calorie. Exploring new food items with improved dietary nutrition factors may, therefore, help to decrease the mortality rate in the poor countries like Bangladesh. Accordingly, the present study was a proximate composition and fatty acid analysis of L. purpureus seed-a legume seed which is given no careful attention locally, though it might be a good source of valuable nutrition factors for both animals and humans. The purpose of the study was, therefore, to generate awareness that L. purpureus could also act as a good source of food components essential for good health. Proximate analysis revealed that the seed powder contained 8.47 +/- 0.52% moisture; 3.50 +/- 0.0.07% ash; 1.02 +/- 0.06% total fat; 23.95 +/- 0.15% total protein; 1.21 +/- 0.16% total dietary fiber; 61.86 +/- 0.70% total carbohydrate and 352.4 +/- 2.66 kcal/100 g energy. Phytic acid content (%) was 1.014 +/- 0.048. Major fatty acid composition (%):the essential fatty acid linoleic acid (C18:2, omega-6) was 9.50 +/- 0.68, while the linolenic acid (C18:3, omega-3) was 1.95 +/- 0.18. Palmitic acid (C16:0), stearic acid (C18:0) and oleic acid (C18:1) were, respectively, 2.96 +/- 0.19, 0.77 +/- 0.04 and 1.10 +/- 0.06. Lignoceric acid (C24:0) was 0.11 +/- 0.007%. Monounsaturated palmitoleic acid (0.006 +/- 0.0), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, C22:5, omega-3) and nervonic acid (0.002 +/- 0.0) were present in trace amounts. Arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4, omega-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5,omega-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6, omega-3) were not detected. The fatty acid profile, thus, suggests that essential omega-6 fatty acid linoleic acid (C18:3, omega-6) and omega-3 linolenic acid (C18:3, omega-3) were the major polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) present in L. purpureus seed. In addition, the seed contained high amount of proteins. Finally, these results suggest that L. purpureus seed could be used as a good source of quality food components, including protein and essential fatty acids.
Fish in the diet: A review; Fish plays a useful role in a healthy and balanced diet, and its consumption has long been associated with several health benefits. Fish provides a variety of nutrients, including protein and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), as well as micronutrients including selenium, iodine, potassium, vitamin D and B-vitamins. Intakes of some of these micronutrients, including iodine and vitamin D, are low in some population groups in the UK, which makes fish a valuable contributor to intakes of these. The long-chain n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), present in oil-rich fish and fish oil, have been suggested to be associated with beneficial health outcomes. In this paper, we review the evidence associating fish and long-chain n-3 PUFAs with various health outcomes.
Safety and tolerability of prescription omega-3 fatty acids: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] are widely recommended for health promotion. Over the last decade, prescription omega-3 fatty acid products (RxOME3FAs) have been approved for medical indications. Nonetheless, there is no comprehensive analysis of safety and tolerability of RxOME3FAs so far.
Dietary patterns and risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in Costa Rican adults; Objective: To investigate the association between dietary patterns and risk of a first nonfatal acute myocardial infarction ( MI) in Costa Rican adults.
Delay of preterm delivery in sheep by omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturates; A positive correlation has been shown between dietary intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in late pregnancy and gestation length in pregnant women and experimental animals. To determine whether omega-3 fatty acids have an effect on preterm labor in sheep, a fish oil concentrate emulsion was continuously infused to six pregnant ewes from 124 days gestational age. At 125 days, betamethasone was administered to the fetus to produce preterm labor. Both the onset of labor and the time of delivery were delayed by the fish oil emulsion. Two of the omega-3-infused ewes reverted from contractions to nonlabor, an effect never previously observed for experimental glucocorticoid-induced preterm labor in sheep. Maternal plasma estradiol and maternal and fetal prostaglandin E-2 rose in control ewes but not in those infused with omega-3 fatty acid. The ability of omega-3 fatty acids to delay premature delivery in sheep indicates their possible use as tocolytics in humans. Premature labor is the major cause of neonatal death and long-term disability, and these studies present information that may lead to a novel therapeutic regimen for the prevention of preterm delivery in human pregnancy.
Omega-3 fatty acids and the genetic risk of early onset acute coronary syndrome; Background and aims: Recent gene-environment interaction studies suggest that diet may influence an individual's genetic predisposition to cardiovascular risk. We evaluated whether omega-3 fatty acid intake may influence the risk for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) conferred by genetic polymorphisms among patients with early onset ACS.
Dietary flaxseed inhibits atherosclerosis in the LDL receptor-deficient mouse in part through antiproliferative and anti-inflammatory actions; Dietary flaxseed has been shown to have potent antiatherogenic effects in rabbits. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the antiatherogenic capacity of flaxseed in an animal model that more closely represents the human atherosclerotic condition, the LDL receptor-deficient mouse (LDLrKO), and to identify the cellular mechanisms for these effects. LDLrKO mice were administered a regular diet (RG), a 10% flaxseed-supplemented diet (FX), or an atherogenic diet containing 2% cholesterol alone (CH) or supplemented with 10% flaxseed (CF), 5% flaxseed (CF5), 1% flaxseed (CF1), or 5% coconut oil (CS) for 24 wk. LDLrKO mice fed a cholesterol-supplemented diet exhibited a rise in plasma cholesterol without a change in triglycerides and an increase in atherosclerotic plaque formation. The CS mice exhibited elevated levels of plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, and saturated fatty acids and an increase in plaque development. Supplementation of the cholesterol-enriched diet with 10% (wt/wt) ground flaxseed lowered plasma cholesterol and saturated fatty acids, increased plasma ALA, and inhibited plaque formation in the aorta and aortic sinus compared with mice fed a diet supplemented with only dietary cholesterol. The expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and the inflammatory markers IL-6, mac-3, and VCAM-1 was increased in aortic tissue from CH and CS mice. This expression was significantly reduced or normalized when flaxseed was included in the diet. Our results demonstrate that dietary flaxseed can inhibit atherosclerosis in the LDLrKO mouse through a reduction of circulating cholesterol levels and, at a cellular level, via antiproliferative and anti-inflammatory actions.
Biomarkers of Fish Oil Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake in Humans; A biomarker is a measured characteristic that may be used as an indicator of some biological state or condition. In health and disease, biomarkers have been used not only for clinical diagnosis purposes but also as tools to assess effectiveness of a nutrition or drug intervention. When considering nutrition studies, evaluating the appropriate biomarker is a useful tool to assess compliance and incidence of a particular dietary component in the biochemistry of the organism. Fish oil is rich in -3 fatty acids that have well-known beneficial effects on human health mainly through its anti-inflammatory properties. It has been widely use to improve health and as a nutrition supplement in different pathological conditions such as cardiovascular, neurological, and critically ill related diseases. Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid levels present in different biological moieties (plasma, cellular membranes, adipose tissue, etc) are the best biomarkers of fish oil intake. Each biological source of fatty acids has its own advantages and disadvantages, thus which biomarker to choose and where to measure it requires a comprehension of the objectives of the investigation. In this article we will review key facts about fish oil intake biomarkers to evaluate how components of a specific diet could be monitored and identified in biological samples. Having an accurate assessment of nutrition patterns could provide effective targets for intervention aimed at modifying eating habits and lifestyle towards the improvement of health.
Conclusions and recommendations from the symposium, Beyond Cholesterol: Prevention and Treatment of Coronary Heart Disease with n-3 Fatty Acids; After the symposium "Beyond Cholesterol: Prevention and Treatment of Coronary Heart Disease with n-3 Fatty Acids," faculty who presented at the conference submitted manuscripts relating to their conference topics, and these are presented in this supplement. The content of these manuscripts was reviewed, and 2 conference calls were convened. The objective was to summarize existing evidence, gaps in evidence, and future research needed to strengthen recommendations for specific intakes of n-3 fatty acids for different conditions relating to cardiovascular disease. The following 2 questions were the main items discussed. What are the roles of n-3 fatty acids in primary versus secondary prevention of coronary heart disease? What are the roles of n-3 fatty acids in hypertriglyceridemia, in the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, and in sudden cardiac death, cardiac arrhythmias, and vulnerable plaque? Each area was summarized by using 2 general categories: 1) current knowledge for which general consensus exists, and 2) recommendations for research and policy. Additional references for these conclusions can be found in the articles included in the supplement.
Omega-3 fatty acids and metabolic partitioning of fatty acids within the liver in the context of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Purpose of review Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is now the most prevalent form of liver disease globally, affecting about 25% of the world's adult population. It is more common in those living with obesity, where it may affect as many as 80% of individuals. The aim of this article is to describe recent human studies evaluating the influence of omega-3 fatty acids on de novo lipogenesis (DNL) and hepatic fatty acid partitioning between incorporation into triacylglycerols (TAGs) and beta-oxidation, to discuss the relevance of these effects in the context of NAFLD, and to provide an overview of the mechanisms that might be involved. Recent findings The omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) decrease hepatic DNL and partition fatty acids away from TAG synthesis and toward beta-oxidation. EPA and DHA affect multiple hepatic transcription factors resulting in down-regulation of the DNL pathway and upregulation of beta-oxidation. The net result is decreased accumulation of hepatic TAG and lowering of circulating TAG concentrations. Human trials demonstrate that EPA and DHA can decrease liver fat in patients with NAFLD. Increased intake of EPA and DHA may reduce the likelihood of hepatic TAG accumulation and could be used to reduce liver fat in patients with NAFLD.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for the treatment and prevention of colorectal cancer; Omega (omega)-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are naturally occurring substances that are well tolerated and have been used extensively for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. More recently, omega-3 PUFAs have been recognised to have anticancer activity. There is also evidence suggesting improved efficacy and/or tolerability of conventional cancer chemotherapy when administered with omega-3 PUFAs. The purpose of this review is to (i) describe the mechanisms by which omega-3 PUFAs are thought to have antineoplastic activity, (ii) review published preclinical and clinical studies that support anti-colorectal cancer activity and (iii) summarise current clinical trials investigating the potential therapeutic role(s) of omega-3 PUFAs at different stages of colorectal carcinogenesis, from adenoma (polyp) prevention to treatment of established malignant disease and prevention of cancer recurrence.
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory and oxidative stress markers in atherosclerotic patients; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the major cause of morbidity, mortality, and disability in Iranian people. Inflammation and oxidative processes are key components of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) and omega-3 fatty acid (omega-3 fatty acids) supplementation on inflammation markers and oxidative stress in atherosclerotic patients.
Effect of Chronic Kidney Disease and Supplemental Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Use on Exercise Levels During Cardiac Rehabilitation in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; PURPOSE: The correlation between chronic kidney disease (CKD) and increased cardiovascular disease-related mortality is well established. Cardiac rehabilitation (CR) improves exercise capacity, quality of life, and risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Data on the benefits of CR in patients with CKD are sparse. The purpose of this study was to compare outcomes after CR in patients with CAD but normal renal function, versus those with CAD and CKD.
A Post-stroke Therapeutic Regimen with Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids that Promotes White Matter Integrity and Beneficial Microglial Responses after Cerebral Ischemia; White matter injury induced by ischemic stroke elicits sensorimotor impairments, which can be further deteriorated by persistent proinflammatory responses. We previously reported that delayed and repeated treatments with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) improve spatial cognitive functions and hippocampal integrity after ischemic stroke. In the present study, we report a post-stroke n-3 PUFA therapeutic regimen that not only confers protection against neuronal loss in the gray matter but also promotes white matter integrity. Beginning 2 h after 60 min of middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO), mice were randomly assigned to receive intraperitoneal docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) injections (10 mg/kg, daily for 14 days), alone or in combination with dietary fish oil (FO) supplements starting 5 days after MCAO. Sensorimotor functions, gray and white matter injury, and microglial responses were examined up to 28 days after MCAO. Our results showed that DHA and FO combined treatment-facilitated long-term sensorimotor recovery and demonstrated greater beneficial effect than DHA injections alone. Mechanistically, n-3 PUFAs not only offered direct protection on white matter components, such as oligodendrocytes, but also potentiated microglial M2 polarization, which may be important for white matter repair. Notably, the improved white matter integrity and increased M2 microglia were strongly linked to the mitigation of sensorimotor deficits after stroke upon n-3 PUFA treatments. Together, our results suggest that post-stroke DHA injections in combination with FO dietary supplement benefit white matter restoration and microglial responses, thereby dictating long-term functional improvements.
Fish consumption and cardiovascular disease related biomarkers: A review of clinical trials; The purpose of this review is to collect and compare fish intervention studies. Prospective studies have outlined the beneficial effect of frequent fish consumption on cardiovascular incidents that is attributed to n-3 fatty acids incorporated in fish, mainly eicosapentaenoic (EPA), and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. This outcome triggered clinical trials to examine the effect of either fish intake or consumption of n-3 fatty acids via capsules on biomarkers related to cardiovascular disease (CVD). The absence of a recent review focusing on clinical trials regarding fish intake and not n-3 fatty acids supplements rendered necessary the composition of this article. In total, 28 studies on healthy volunteers were found to meet the inclusion criteria. With EPA and DHA intake varying between 0.03 to 5 g per day, biomarkers, such as triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein and platelet aggregation, tended to ameliorate when daily intake exceeded 1 g per day, while the most common inflammatory marker, C-reactive protein, was not affected. In all, fish consumption gives promising results; yet fish micronutrients, total diet fat, as well as other dietary habits may also affect biomarkers. Therefore, all these factors should be considered in future clinical trials in order for one to draw more reliable conclusions.
Effects of dietary saturated, monounsaturated, and n-3 fatty acids on blood pressure in healthy subjects; Background: The quantity and quality of fats consumed in the diet influence the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although the effect of diet on plasma lipids and lipoproteins is well documented, less information exists on the role of fats on blood pressure (BP).
Mechanisms by Which Pleiotropic Amphiphilic <i>n</i>-3 PUFA Reduce Colon Cancer Risk; Colorectal cancer is one of the major causes of cancer-related mortality in both men and women worldwide. Genetic susceptibility and diet are primary determinants of cancer risk and tumor behavior. Experimental, epidemiological, and clinical data substantiate the beneficial role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in preventing chronic inflammation and colon cancer. From a mechanistic perspective, n-3 PUFA are pleiotropic and multifaceted with respect to their molecular mechanisms of action. For example, this class of dietary lipid uniquely alters membrane structure/cytoskeletal function, impacting membrane receptor function and downstream signaling cascades, including gene expression profiles and cell phenotype. In addition, n-3 PUFA can synergize with other potential anti-tumor agents, such as fermentable fiber and curcumin. With the rising prevalence of diet-induced obesity, there is also an urgent need to elucidate the link between chronic inflammation in adipose tissue and colon cancer risk in obesity. In this review, we will summarize recent developments linking n-3 PUFA intake, membrane alterations, epigenetic modulation, and effects on obesity-associated colon cancer risk.
Risk factors for stroke: Lifestyle factors; There is is increasing epidemiological evidence that certain lifestyle behaviours are risk factors for stroke. These include physical inactivity; a diet high in salt and saturated fats end low in potassium, polyunsaturated fatty acids (alpha-linolenic acid), and fish oils; high alcohol intake; and stressful life events. Other lifestyle risk factors for stroke appear to be obesity and lower socio-economic class. The effect of these lifestyle behaviours on stroke risk may be direct or indirect, by increasing blood pressure and blood cholesterol and altering blood coagulability.
"Effect of enriched and fortified with iron and linolenic acid in the white bread"; The deficiency of iron (Fe) and linolenic acid (omega 3) in the daily diet of population, is one of the causes of malnutrition and increased cardiovascular disease, therefore, the aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of the addition iron and linolenic acid in vegetable source on the white bread, for enriched and fortified according to the nutrition requirements. Likewise, the physical and chemical, sensory and biological analysis like iron absorption and Protein Efficiency Ratio (PER) was determined characteristics. For to get a better sample, 25 treatments were made using the formulas of Central Composite Design CCD, with the substitution variables quinoa flour (2.5 +/- 1.12), canihua (4.0 +/- 2.0), maca (2.5 +/- 1.12), and linseed (3.5 +/- 1.12); the wheat flour was kept between 80-95%. Through a hedonic acceptability -sensory analysis and evaluated by the Friedman statistical test (p=0.01) the sample T-20 (15.5 subtitution) was selected for its high significant values in all attributes analyzed. This sample showed 6.77 mg Fe/100g, 0.71g of linolenic acid/100g. The absorption of iron and PER studied in vivo was reported 3.8 mg Fe/l of blood and PER=1.13, in both cases the values were higher than the control group (white bread) that provided 0.1 mg Fe/l of blood and PER=0.96. The results correspond to the stated objective, where the variables studied are good source of iron and omega 3, significantly improving the physic-chemical, sensory and biological characteristics of white bread compared to commercial breads.
Fear of cancer recurrence among breast cancer survivors could be controlled by prudent dietary modification with polyunsaturated fatty acids; Background: The pathophysiology of fear of cancer recurrence (FCR), the leading unmet psychological need of cancer survivors, may involve the dysfunctional processing of fear memory. n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have beneficial effects on psychiatric disorders, including depressive disorder and anxiety disorders, and are involved in fear memory processing. We hypothesized that n-3 PUFA composition is associated with FCR in cancer survivors.
OMEGA-3 FATTY-ACID LEVELS AND GENERAL PERFORMANCE OF COMMERCIAL BROILERS FED PRACTICAL LEVELS OF REDFISH MEAL; A total of 1,200 day-old Arbor Acre broiler chickens was randomly assigned to 12 pens (50 males and 50 females/pen) and divided into three blocks of four pens each. Each of four different diets was fed ad libitum to one pen of birds within each block to determine the effect of feeding practical levels of redfish meal (RFM) on performance and omega-3 fatty acid content of edible meat and skin lipids of broiler chickens. The four diets included (control) 0%, 4.0%, 8.0%, and 12.0% RFM. Feeding diets containing RFM had not effect on overall mortality or feed efficiency but resulted in decreased incidence of sudden death syndrome and lower body weight (P < .01) and feed consumption (P < .05). Additions of RFM to the diets resulted in a substantial dietary enrichment of omega-3 fatty acids (especially eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA or 20:5n-3, and docosahexaenoic acid, DHA or 22:6n-3). Analyses (wt/wt%) revealed that breast meat (less skin) was lower (P < .001) in lipid and triglyceride but higher in free cholesterol (P < .001) and phospholipid (P < .001) than thigh meat (less skin). Dietary treatment had no effect on carcass lipid content or composition. Breast meat lipid contained more (P < .001) omega-3 fatty acids (especially EPA and DHA), more docosapentaenoic acid, (DPA or 22:5n-3) and more total omega-3 polyunsaturated acids (n-3 PUFA) than thigh meat lipids. Feeding additional RFM resulted in an increased (P < .001) accumulation of EPA, DPA, DHA, and total n-3 PUFA  primarily at the expense of two omega-6 fatty acids, linoleic (18:2n-6) and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6). It can be calculated from the data presented that the consumption of 100 g of chicken that has been fed 12.0% RFM would contribute approximately 197 mg of omega-3 fatty acids (EPA + DPA + DHA) in contrast with the 138 mg of omega-3 fatty acids which would be realized from the consumption of 100 g of white fish such as cod.
A Highly Bioavailable Omega-3 Free Fatty Acid Formulation Improves the Cardiovascular Risk Profile in High-Risk, Statin-Treated Patients With Residual Hypertriglyceridemia (the ESPRIT Trial); Background: A novel omega-3 formulation in free fatty acid form (OM3-FFA) has as much as 4-fold greater bioavailability than ethyl ester forms and reduces triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.
<i>n</i>-3 PUFA in CVD:: influence of cytokine polymorphism; In their current guidelines cardiac societies recommend the consumption of the two n-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA to prevent cardiovascular complications. Cardiovascular events are reduced by EPA and DHA, because they are antiarrhythmic, mitigate the course of atherosclerosis and stabilise plaque. As atherosclerosis is considered an inflammatory disorder a number of studies have investigated the anti-inflammatory mechanisms of EPA and DHA in a cardiovascular context in human dietary intervention studies. Pro-inflammatory cytokines, or cytokines reflecting inflammatory processes, e.g. IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-6, TNF alpha, platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF)-A and -B and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), are reduced by ingestion of EPA and DHA by human subjects. Interestingly, C-reactive protein remains largely unaltered. However, in in vitro and animal models, but less so in human subjects, soluble cytokines reflecting interactions between blood cells and the vessel wall, such as intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, are reduced. Moreover, in contrast to common expectations, oxidative stress seems to be reduced after ingestion of EPA and DHA, at least as indicated by measurement of urinary F-2 isoprostane excretion. Notably, for PDGF-A and -B and for MCP-1 the reduction has been demonstrated to occur at the gene expression level, which indicates that a deliberate change in diet can alter gene expression quantitatively. The precise underlying mechanism, however, remains to be clarified, but might involve PPAR, NF-kappa B and/or the eicosanoid system. The same holds true for the mechanisms by which levels of other cytokines are altered by EPA and DHA.
Dietary n-3 fatty acids promote arrhythmias during acute regional myocardial ischemia in isolated pig hearts; Objective: Dietary supplementation with fish oil-derived n-3 fatty acids reduces mortality in patients with myocardial infarction, but may have adverse effects in angina patients. The underlying electrophysiologic mechanisms are poorly understood. We studied the arrhythmias and the electrophysiologic changes during regional ischemia in hearts from pigs fed a diet rich in fish oil.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids alleviates lung injury mediated by post-hemorrhagic shock mesenteric lymph; Severe hemorrhage-induced acute lung injury (ALI) remains the major contributor to critical patient mortality and is associated with posthemorrhagic shock mesenteric lymph (PHSML) return. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (co-3 PUFAs) play overall protection on acute hemorrhage, but a reliable mechanism needs to be identified. The aims of this study were to investigate the role of co-3 PUFAs in alleviating ALI and whether is related to the endotoxin contained in PHSML. Mesenteric lymph was harvested from rats subjected to hemorrhagic shock (hemorrhage-induced hypotension of 40 +/- 2 mmHg for 90 min plus by resuscitation) or sham shock. The effect of co-3 PUFAs on pulmonary function, water content, morphology, and LBP, CD14, TNF-a, and IL-6 levels were observed in rats subjected to hemorrhagic shock, while the effect of PHSML intravenous infusion on the bene-ficial effect of co-3 PUFAs also was investigated. In addition, the effect of co-3 PUFAs on the endotoxin contents in mesenteric lymph were detected. Hemorrhagic shock-induced ALI was characterized by increased functional residual capacity (FRC), lung resistance (RI), inspiratory capacity (IC), respiratory frequency, water contents and structural damage, along with increases in LBP, IL-6, and TNF-a. co-3 PUFAs treatment reduced FRC, RI, IC, frequency, water contents, LBP, IL-6, TNF-a, and alleviated morphological damage. In contrast, PHSML infusion abolished the advantageous effects of co-3 PUFAs on the above indices and CD14. Furthermore, the endotoxin level of PHSML was significantly enhanced, but declined following co-3 PUFAs administration. These findings together suggested that treatment with co-3 PUFAs ameliorates hemorrhagic shock-induced ALI, which is asso-ciated with reduced endotoxin contained in PHSML.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) for type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids early supplementation improves ultrasound indices of endothelial function, but not through NO inhibitors in patients with acute myocardial infarction N-3 PUFA supplementation in acute myocardial infarction; Background & aims: our aim was to evaluate early initiated one month n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation effects on ultrasound indices of endothelial function and serum asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI).
Omega-3 Supplementation and Heart Disease: A Population-Based Diet by Gene Analysis of Clinical Trial Outcomes; Omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and their metabolites have long been recognized to protect against inflammation-related diseases including heart disease. Recent reports present conflicting evidence on the effects of n-3 PUFAs on major cardiovascular events including death. While some studies document that n-3 PUFA supplementation reduces the risk for heart disease, others report no beneficial effects on heart disease composite primary outcomes. Much of this heterogeneity may be related to the genetic variation in different individuals/populations that alters their capacity to synthesize biologically active n-3 and omega 6 (n-6) PUFAs and metabolites from their 18 carbon dietary precursors, linoleic acid (LA, 18:2 n-6) and alpha-linolenic (ALA, 18:3, n-3). Here, we discuss the role of a FADS gene-by-dietary PUFA interaction model that takes into consideration dietary exposure, including the intake of LA and ALA, n-3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in determining the efficacy of n-3 PUFA supplementation. We also review recent clinical trials with n-3 PUFA supplementation and coronary heart disease in the context of what is known about fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene-by-dietary PUFA interactions. Given the dramatic differences in the frequencies of FADS variants that impact the efficiency of n-3 and n-6 PUFA biosynthesis, and their downstream signaling products among global and admixture populations, we conclude that large clinical trials utilizing "one size fits all" n-3 PUFA supplementation approaches are unlikely to show effectiveness. However, evidence discussed in this review suggests that n-3 PUFA supplementation may represent an important opportunity where precision interventions can be focused on those populations that will benefit the most from n-3 PUFA supplementation.
Heart rate is associated with red blood cell fatty acid concentration: The Genetics of Coronary Artery Disease in Alaska Natives (GOCADAN) study; Background Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) is associated with a reduction in deaths from coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, and sudden death. Although these FAs were originally thought to be antiatherosclerotic, recent evidence suggests that their benefits are related to reducing risk for ventricular arrhythmia and that this may be mediated by a slowed heart rate (HR).
Serum levels of marine-derived n-3 fatty acids in Icelanders, Japanese, Koreans, and Americans-A descriptive epidemiologic study; In the 1990s Iceland and Japan were known as countries with high fish consumption whereas coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality in Iceland was high and that in Japan was low among developed countries. We described recent data fish consumption and CHD mortality from publicly available data. We also measured CHD risk factors and serum levels of marine-derived n-3 and other fatty acids from population-based samples of 1324 men in Iceland, Japan, South Korea, and the US. CHD mortality in men in Iceland was almost 3 times as high as that in Japan and South Korea. Generally, a profile of CHD risk factors in Icelanders compared to Japanese was more favorable. Serum marine-derived n-3 fatty acids in Iceland were significantly lower than in Japan and South Korea but significantly higher than in the US. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intake of very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids related to social status and lifestyle; Objectives: Little information is available about the intake of very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids in random samples of populations. We examined if the intake of these fatty acids was associated with gender, social status and lifestyle in a similar way as other indicators for a healthy diet in a nationwide survey.
Effect of n-3 Fatty Acids and Antioxidants on Oxidative Stress after Exercise; MCANULTY, S. R., D. C. NIEMAN, M. FOX-RABINOVICH, V. DURAN, L. S. MCANULTY, D. A. HENSON, F. JIN, and M. J. LANDRAM. Effect of n-3 Fatty Acids and Antioxidants on Oxidative Stress after Exercise. Med. Sci. Sports Exerc., Vol. 42, No. 9, pp. 1704-1711, 2010. Purpose: n-3 fatty acids are known to exert multiple beneficial effects including anti-inflammatory actions that may diminish oxidative stress. Supplementation with antioxidant vitamins has been proposed to counteract oxidative stress and improve antioxidant status. Therefore, this project investigated the effects of daily supplementation in 48 trained cyclists over 6 wk and during 3 d of continuous exercise on F-2-isoprostanes (oxidative stress), plasma n-3 fatty acids, and antioxidant status (oxygen radical absorption capacity and ferric-reducing antioxidant potential). Methods: Cyclists were randomized into n-3 fatty acids (N3) (n = 11) (2000 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid and 400 mg of docosahexaenoic acid), a vitamin-mineral (VM) complex (n = 12) emphasizing vitamins C (2000 mg), E (800 IU), A (3000 IU), and selenium (200 mu g), a VM and n-3 fatty acid combination (VN3) (n = 13), or placebo (P) (n = 12). Blood was collected at baseline and preexercise and postexercise. A 4 x 3 repeated-measures ANOVA was performed to test main effects. Results: After exercise, F-2-isoprostanes were higher in N3 (treatment effect P = 0.014). Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid plasma values were higher after supplementation (interaction effect P = 0.001 and 0.006, respectively) in both n-3 supplemented groups. Oxygen radical absorption capacity declined similarly among all groups after exercise. Ferric-reducing antioxidant potential exhibited significant interaction (P = 0.045) and significantly increased after exercise in VN3 and VM (P < 0.01). Conclusions: This study indicates that supplementation with n-3 fatty acids alone significantly increases F-2-isoprostanes after exhaustive exercise. Lastly, antioxidant supplementation augments plasma antioxidant status and modestly attenuates but does not prevent the significant n-3 fatty acid associated increase in F-2-isoprostanes postexercise.
Effect of High-Dose Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Atherosclerosis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; A recent randomized controlled trial (RCT), the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT), reported that high-dose marine omega-3 fatty acids (OM3) significantly reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes, yet the mechanisms responsible for this benefit remain unknown. To test the hypothesis that high-dose OM3 is anti-atherosclerotic, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCT of high-dose OM3 on atherosclerosis. The protocol of this systematic review was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019125566). PubMed, Embase, Cochran Central Register for Controlled Trials, and Clinicaltrials.gov databases were searched using the following criteria: adult participants, high-dose OM3 (defined as >= 3.0 g/day, or in Japan 1.8 g/day and purity >= 90%) as the intervention, changes in atherosclerosis as the outcome, and RCTs with an intervention duration of >= 6 months. A random-effects meta-analysis was used to pool estimates across studies. Among the 598 articles retrieved, six articles met our criteria. Four RCTs evaluated atherosclerosis in the coronary and two in the carotid arteries. High-dose OM3 significantly slowed the progression of atherosclerosis (standardized mean difference -1.97, 95% confidence interval -3.01, -0.94, p < 0.001). The results indicate that anti-atherosclerotic effect of high-dose OM3 is one potential mechanism in reducing CVD outcomes demonstrated in the REDUCE-IT trial.
Serum Nonesterified Fatty Acids and Incident Stroke: The CHS; BACKGROUND: Significant associations between total nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations and incident stroke have been reported in some prospective cohort studies. We evaluated the associations between incident stroke and serum concentrations of nonesterified saturated, monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, and trans fatty acids.
Fish, a Mediterranean source of <i>n</i>-3 PUFA: benefits do not justify limiting consumption; Fish is an important source of energy, high-quality proteins, fat, vitamins and minerals. Within lipids, n-3 long-chain PUFA (n-3 LC PUFA), mainly EPA and DHA, play an important role in health promotion and disease prevention. In contrast to the potential health benefits of dietary fish intake, certain chemical pollutants, namely heavy metals and some organic compounds, contained in seafood have emerged as an issue of concern, particularly for frequent fish consumers and sensitive groups of populations. The present review summarises the health benefits and risks of fish consumption. n-3 LC-PUFA are key compounds of cell membranes and play an important role in human health from conception through every stage of human development, maturation and ageing. DHA has a major role in the development of brain and retina during fetal development and the first 2 years of life and positively influences neurodevelopment, mainly visual acuity and cognitive functions. n-3 LC-PUFA are also effective in preventing cardiovascular events (mainly stroke and acute myocardial infarction) especially in persons with high cardiovascular risk. By contrast, there is convincing evidence of adverse neurological/neurodevelopmental outcomes in infants and young children associated with methylmercury exposure during fetal development due to maternal fish consumption during pregnancy. Dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls present in contaminated fish may also develop a risk for both infants and adults. However, for major health outcomes among adults, the vast majority of epidemiological studies have proven that the benefits of fish intake exceed the potential risks with the exception of a few selected species in sensitive populations.
Challenges for the Delivery of Long-Chain n-3 Fatty Acids in Functional Foods; Extensive research has shown that increased consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs), namely a-linolenic acid (ALA). eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may lower the risk of chronic diseases, such as heart disease, cancer, and arthritis. Given that Western diets are deficient in n-3 LCPUFAs, enrichment of food products is seen as an alternative for increasing the intake of these fatty acids. However, because of the high instability of these fatty acids to oxidative deterioration, enrichment of foods with n-3 LCPUFAs has been technically challenging. This review provides an overview of different technical approaches that have been taken to overcome oxidation-related problems. This review also looks at the challenges faced by health organizations, food manufacturers, and food scientists for the delivery of long-chain n-3 fatty acids in functional foods.
Through regulation of the SIRT1 pathway plant sterol ester of a-linolenic acid inhibits pyroptosis thereby attenuating the development of NASH in mice; Increasing evidence demonstrated that pyroptosis and subsequent inflammation played an important role in the pathological process of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Plant sterol ester of a-linolenic acid (PS-ALA) was beneficial for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, but the underlying mechanisms are still not fully understood. This study aims to investigate whether PS-ALA can protect against proptosis via regulating SIRT1. Thirty male C57BL/6J mice were fed a normal diet, a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet (HFCD), or a HFCD supplemented with either 1.3%ALA, 2%PS, or 3.3% PS-ALA for 24 weeks. Hepatocytes were treated with oleic acid and cholesterol (OA/Cho) with or without PS-ALA. We found that PS-ALA ameliorated NASH in HFCD-fed mice. In addition, PS-ALA decreased the expression of NLRP3 and ASC and reduced the co-localization of NLRP3 and cleave-Caspase-1. Also, PS-ALA protected against pyroptosis as evidenced by decreased co-localization of GSDMD and propidium iodide (PI) positive cells. Mechanistically, we revealed that the inhibitory action of PS-ALA on the pyroptosis was mediated by SIRT1. This was demonstrated by the fact that silencing SIRT1 with small interfering RNA or inhibition of SIRT1 with its inhibitor abolished the inhibition effect of PS-ALA on the expression of NLRP3 and GSDMD cleavage. Collectively, the data from the present study reveals a novel mechanism that PS-ALA inhibits pyroptosis and it triggered inflammation via stimulating SIRT1, which provides new insights into the beneficial effect of PS-ALA on NASH. (c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acid use for obese breast cancer patients with aromatase inhibitor-related arthralgia (SWOG S0927); PurposeAlthough aromatase inhibitors (AIs) prolong survival in post-menopausal breast cancer (BC) patients, AI-associated arthralgia can lead to discontinuation. Obese patients have higher rates of AI arthralgia than non-obese patients, but treatment options are limited. Omega-3 fatty acid (O3-FA) treatment for AI arthralgia has produced mixed results.MethodsWe performed an exploratory analysis of SWOG S0927, a multicenter randomized placebo-controlled trial of O3-FA use for AI arthralgia. Post-menopausal women with stage I-III BC taking an AI were randomized to 24 weeks of O3-FAs or placebo. Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) questionnaires and fasting serum were collected at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks. The BPI assessment included worst pain, average pain, and pain interference scores (range 0-10).ResultsAmong the 249 participants, 139 had BMI<30kg/m(2) (56%) and 110 had BMI30kg/m(2) (44%). Among obese patients, O3-FA use was associated with significantly lower BPI worst pain scores at 24 weeks compared with placebo (4.36 vs. 5.70, p=0.02), whereas among non-obese patients, there was no significant difference in scores between treatment arms (5.27 vs. 4.58, p=0.28; interaction p=0.05). Similarly, O3-FA use was associated with lower BPI average pain and pain interference scores at 24 weeks compared with placebo among obese patients, but no significant difference between treatment arms in non-obese patients (interaction p=0.005 and p=0.01, respectively).ConclusionsIn obese BC patients, O3-FA use was associated with significantly reduced AI arthralgia compared to placebo.
The relationship between tissue RBC n-3 fatty acids and pulse wave velocity; Consumption of n-3 fatty acids is well-known to prevent deaths from coronary heart disease. However, not many studies have investigated the effects of n-3 fatty acids on arteriosclerosis in free living subjects. The pulse wave velocity between the brachia and ankles (baPWV) of 161 healthy male subjects was measured and the fatty acid composition of the total phospholipid fraction of their red blood cells (RBC) analyzed. There was a significant inverse correlation between the eicosapentaenoic acid concentrations in the RBC phospholipid fraction and baPWV of the subjects after adjustment for age, pulse rate and diastolic pressure, or further for body mass index, smoking status, diabetes and the ratio of low-density cholesterol to high-density cholesterol. Although baPWV values may not directly indicate arteriosclerosis, the present study suggests that long-term n-3 fatty acid intake is beneficial for the vascular system.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular disease-how to promote healthy eating habits in populations?; Background The obesity epidemic brings with it an increase in related diseases, like diabetes mellitus, and subsequently cardiovascular disease. Traditional dietary guidelines have focused on food composition rather than energy balance.
Adipose tissue n-3 fatty acids and metabolic syndrome; BACKGROUND: Evidence regarding the relationship of n-3 fatty acids (FA) to type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome components (MetS) is inconsistent.
SODIUM, IRON, ZINC, FIBER, POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS, CHOLESTEROL INTAKE AND BLOOD PRESSURE IN ELDERLY WITH CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE; Inadequate intake of sodium, iron, zinc, fiber, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and cholesterol are associated with increased risk of hypertension. This study aimed to investigate the daily intake adequacy of those nutrients related to hypertension in older adults with coronary artery disease history. Fifty respondents (51-75 years old) involved in the study had cardiovascular disease history while they checked with the cardiologist monthly and had an optimum medical treatment history. Dietary intake was assessed using repeated 24-hours recall questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured three times using calibrated digital sphygmomanometer. Spearman's rank was used to analyze relationship between PUFA, cholesterol, iron and blood pressure while Pearson chi-squared test was used to analyze the relationship between sodium, zinc, fiber intakes and blood pressure. Most respondents had appropriate controlled blood pressure, i.e., below 130/90 mmHg. Around 89.1% of respondents had optimal cholesterol intake with an average intake about 124.61 mg. However, respondents experienced deficiencies in the average intake of zinc (4.23 +/- 1.71 mg), sodium (859.9 +/- 654.1 mg), iron (7.4 +/- 4.6 mg), PUFA (8.6 +/- 6.6 g), and fiber (11.2 +/- 5.7 g). Blood pressure was not associated with intakes of iron (p= 0.531), cholesterol (p= 0.755), fiber (p= 0.221), PUFA (p=0.295), zinc (p=0.761), sodium (p= 0.066). In summary, there was no relationship statistically between daily micronutrient intake and blood pressure in older adults with controlled blood pressure even though they had cardiovascular disease history.
The effects of fish oil omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on mental health parameters and metabolic status of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Objective
Combination therapy with statins and omega-3 fatty acids; Combined dyslipidemia is the concurrent presence of multiple abnormalities in various lipid subfractions, including elevated concentrations of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and triglycerides JGs), as well as decreased concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. The Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) guidelines of the US National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) lowered the cut points for classification of TG levels, established non-HDL cholesterol levels as a secondary target of therapy in patients with TGs of >= 2.26 mmol/L (200 mg/dL), and defined the metabolic syndrome as a secondary target of therapy. Although 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) are first-line therapy for most patients with elevated LDL cholesterol, statin monotherapy may not be sufficient to achieve recommended non-HDL cholesterol, goals, and statins have only modest effects on reducing TG levels. Similarly, patients whose TG levels remain elevated despite treatment with a TG-lowering agent. may require the addition of a statin to provide further TG reduction. In addition, statin therapy may be needed to offset the secondary increase in levels of LDL cholesterol that frequently results from treatment with a TG-lowering agent in patients with marked hypertriglyceridemia. In a number of small studies, the combination of statins and omega-3 fatty acids has been consistently shown to be an effective, safe, and well-tolerated treatment for combined dyslipidemia. Patients with recent myocardial infarction may also benefit from this combination. When considering risks and benefits of adding a second agent to statins for treatment of combined dyslipidemia, omega-3 fatty acids provide additional lipid improvements without requiring additional laboratory tests and do not increase risk for adverse muscle or liver effects. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
B Vitamin and/or ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Cancer <i>Ancillary</i> <i>Findings From the Supplementation With Folate</i>, <i>Vitamins B<sub>6</sub></i> <i>and B<sub>12</sub></i>, <i>and</i>/<i>or Omega</i>-<i>3 Fatty Acids</i> (<i>SU.FOL.OM3</i>) <i>Randomized Trial</i>; Background: To advance knowledge about the cancer-chemopreventive potential of individual nutrients, we investigated the effects of B vitamin and/or omega-3 fatty acid supplements on cancer outcomes among survivors of cardiovascular disease.
VASCULAR PROSTACYCLIN IS INCREASED IN PATIENTS INGESTING OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS BEFORE CORONARY-ARTERY BYPASS GRAFT-SURGERY; Interest in the antithrombotic potential of diets enriched with fish oil-derived polyunsaturated fatty acids (.omega.-3 PUFAs) prompted us to examine how these fatty acids, when taken preoperatively, affect hemostasis, plasma lipid levels, and production of prostacyclin (PGI2) by vascular tissues in atherosclerotic patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Fifteen patients with angiographically proven coronary artery disease received 3 g/day eicosapentaenoic acid and 1.3 g/day docosahexaenoic acid as capsules of purified fish oil for 28 days before surgery. Platelet aggregation induced by low concentrations of ADP, collagen, and epinephrine decreased (p < 0.05) and serum thromboxane B2 decreased 36% (p < 0.01) from baseline values. Bleeding times increased 40% (p < 0.01) from baseline. Serum triglycerides decreased 50% (p < 0.05) without a change in total serum cholesterol. Spontaneous production of PGI2 measured as 6-ketoprostaglandin F1.alpha. (6-keto-PGF1.alpha.), its stable hydrolytic product by saphenous vein and aortic and atrial tissues obtained at surgery was greater in tissues from patients receiving .omega.-3 PUFA supplements than in tissues from matched controls (13.8 .+-. 2.2 versus 8.6, 21.0 .+-. 3.1 versus 11.5 .+-. 2.1, and 166 .+-. 13 versus 102 .+-. 15 ng/g, respectively, all p < 0.05). Arachidonate-stimulated production of PGI2, as indicated by increased levels of 6-keto-PGF1.alpha., was also increased. Despite changes in platelet function, bleeding time, and vascular PGI2, the perioperative blood loss was not increased in subjects receiving fish oil supplements. Thus, .omega.-3 PUFAs at moderate dosages may exert antithrombotic effects by increasing prostacyclin production by vessel walls as well as by direct inhibition of platelet activity.
Benefits and risks of fish consumption Part I.: A quantitative analysis of the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and chemical contaminants; In recent years, and based on the importance of fish as a part of a healthy diet, there has been a notable promotion of fish consumption. However, the balance between health benefits and risks, due to the intake of chemical contaminants, is not well characterized. In the present study, edible samples of 14 marine species were analyzed for the concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids, as well as a number of metals and organic pollutants. Daily intakes were specifically determined for a standard adult of 70 kg, and compared with the tolerable/admissible intakes of the pollutants, if available. Salmon, mackerel, and red mullet were the species showing the highest content of omega-3 fatty acids. The daily intakes of cadmium, lead, and mercury through fish consumption were 1.1. 2.0, and 9.9 mu g, respectively. Dioxins and furans plus dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) intake was 38.0 pg WHO-TEQ/day, whereas those of polybrominated Biphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated diphenyl ethers (PCDEs), polychlorinated naphthalenes (PCNs) and hexachlorobenzene (HCB) were 20.8, 39.4, 1.53, and 1.50 ng/day, respectively. In turn, the total intake of 16 analyzed polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was 268 ng/day. The monthly fish consumption limits for human health endpoints based on the intake of these chemical contaminants were calculated for a 70 years exposure. In general terms, most marine species here analyzed should not mean adverse health effects for the consumers. However, the type of fish, the frequency of consumption, and the meal size are essential issues for the balance of the health benefits and risks of regular fish consumption. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids and metformin combination on diabetic cardiomyopathy in rats through autophagic pathway; Diabetic cardiomyopathy is a primary cause of increased morbidity and mortality in diabetics. Evidence has suggested a pivotal role for interrupted mitochondrial dynamics and quality control machinery in the onset and development of diabetic cardiomyopathy. Sequestosome 1 (SQSTM1) is a major re-porter of selective autophagic activity. Other than controlling the expression of genes involved in mitochondrial biogenesis, recently peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC-1 alpha) was reported to directly affect SQSTM1 gene expression. Calcineurin, a pivotal mediator of cardiac hypertrophy, has been also linked to enhanced expression of SQSTM1. This study aimed to test the cardioprotective effects of adding omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to metformin in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus and to evaluate the molecular mechanisms underlying their effects on mitochon-drial quality. Diabetes was induced in male Sprague Dawley rats by a high-fat diet for 6 weeks, followed by a low-dose streptozotocin (35 mg/kg). Diabetic rats were either treated with metformin (150 mg/kg/d), omega-3 PUFAs (300 mg/kg/d), or their combination in the same doses for further 8 weeks. Along with metabolic and pathological derangements, we report that correlating with electron microscopic evidence of mitochondrial degeneration, gene expression of the autophagic indicators SQSTM1, PGC-1 alpha, and calcineurin were decreased in the hearts of diabetic rats. Independent of its anti-hyperglycemic effects, metformin successfully preserved mitochondrial integrity and upregulated myocardial PGC-1 alpha, calcineurin, and SQSTM1 gene expression. omega-3 PUFAs pos-sess synergistic cardioprotection when added to metformin, suggested by improvements in myocardial ultrastructure, autophagic activity, and SQSTM1 gene expression. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Disturbances Identified in Plasma Samples from ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Patients; ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) is the most severe form of myocardial infarction (MI) and the main contributor to morbidity and mortality caused by MI worldwide. Frequently, STEMI is caused by complete and persistent occlusion of a coronary artery by a blood clot, which promotes heart damage. STEMI impairment triggers changes in gene transcription, protein expression, and metabolite concentrations, which grants a biosignature to the heart dysfunction. There is a major interest in identifying novel biomarkers that could improve the diagnosis of STEMI. In this study, the phenotypic characterization of STEMI patients (n=15) and healthy individuals (n=19) was performed, using a target metabolomics approach. Plasma samples were analyzed by UPLC-MS/MS (ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry) and FIA-MS (MS-based flow injection analysis). The goal was to identify novel plasma biomarkers and metabolic signatures underlying STEMI. Concentrations of phosphatidylcholines, lysophosphatidylcholines, sphingomyelins, and biogenic amines were altered in STEMI patients in relation to healthy subjects. Also, after multivariate analysis, it was possible to identify alterations in the glycerophospholipids, alpha-linolenic acid, and sphingolipid metabolisms in STEMI patients.
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty status and its relationship with vitamin E intake and plasma level; Purpose The aim of the study was to investigate habitual vitamin E intake and plasma a-tocopherol concentration and their relationship with plasma fatty acid profile in a healthy adult population.
Dietary fat in the prevention of cardiovascular disease - a review; In developed countries atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is the reason for about 50% of all deaths. With growing prosperity coronary heart disease (CHD) is becoming the major cause of premature death. Most complications of atherosclerosis occur unexpectedly and more than 50% of the patients developing a myocardial infarction do not survive more than one year. Because of the severe morbidity and high mortality primary prevention is likely to be the only solution.
Relationships between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, serum 25 hydroxyvitamin D, food consumption, and nutritional status among adolescents; We have hypothesized that higher n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake is associated with better lipid profile, higher 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) serum concentrations, and healthy food consumption and nutritional status. Thus, this study aimed to evaluate the relationships between n-3 PUPA intake, serum 25(OH)D, lipid profile, nutritional status, and food consumption among adolescents. A total of 198 Brazilian adolescents (51% male), with mean age of 16.3 +/- 1.4 years, were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. Blood was collected for 25(OH)D and lipid profile serum measurement Weight and height were measured, and food consumption was accessed by a 24-hour food record (n = 69). Analysis of variance, the Student t test, and Pearson correlation were performed using SPSS software (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA). The prevalence of vitamin D inadequacy (25(OH)D, <30 ng/mL) was 71.7%. Serum 25(OH)D negatively correlated with body mass index (r = -0.294; P <.0001) and positively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = 0.323; P <.0001). N-3 PUPA intake negatively correlated with body mass index (r = -0.286; P =.017), total cholesterol (r = -0.292; P =.015), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = -0.333; P =.005) and positively correlated with the intake of fat meats and eggs (r= 0.391;P =.006), vegetable proteins (r= 0.297; P =.048), fats/oils (r = 0.574; P <.001), and refined cereals (r = 0.351; P =.006). Vitamin D status and n-3 PUPA intake were related with better nutritional status and favorable lipid profile. Food groups usually found in Brazilian traditional meals (characterized by rice, beans, meat, and vegetables) were associated with higher n-3 PUPA intake, which may contribute to prevent the development of noncommunicable diseases in adolescence and adulthood. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EPA, an omega-3 fatty acid, induces apoptosis in human pancreatic cancer cells: Role of ROS accumulation, caspase-8 activation, and autophagy induction; In a recent study, we showed that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two common omega-3 fatty acids, can cause ROS accumulation and subsequently induce caspase-8-dependent apoptosis in human breast cancer cells (Kang et al. [2010], PLoS ONE 5: e10296). In this study, we showed that the pancreas has a unique ability to accumulate EPA at a level markedly higher than several other tissues analyzed. Based on this finding, we sought to further investigate the anticancer actions of EPA and its analog DHA in human pancreatic cancer cells using both in vitro and in vivo models. EPA and DHA were found to induce ROS accumulation and caspase-8-dependent cell death in human pancreatic cancer cells (MIA-PaCa-2 and Capan-2) in vitro. Feeding animals with a diet supplemented with 5% fish oil, which contains high levels of EPA and DHA, also strongly suppresses the growth of MIA-PaCa-2 human pancreatic cancer xenografts in athymic nude mice, by inducing oxidative stress and cell death. In addition, we showed that EPA can concomitantly induce autophagy in these cancer cells, and the induction of autophagy diminishes its ability to induce apoptotic cell death. It is therefore suggested that combination of EPA with an autophagy inhibitor may be a useful strategy in increasing the therapeutic effectiveness in pancreatic cancer. J. Cell. Biochem. 114: 192203, 2012. (C) 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on serum levels of tumour necrosis factor-alpha, C-reactive protein and interleukin-2 in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients; INTRODUCTION Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids can alter the inflammatory response in diabetic patients. This study aimed to determine the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on the serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-2 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
The Influence of Eicosapentaenoic Acid to Arachidonic Acid Ratio on Long-term Cardiovascular Events Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Objective The relationship between cardiovascular disease and the serum polyunsaturated fatty acid parameters has been reported. The aim of the present study was to investigate the association between the eicosapentaenoic acid and arachidonic acid (EPA/AA) ratio and long-term cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease.
A randomized controlled trial of the effects of n-3 fatty acids on resolvins in chronic kidney disease; Background and objective: The high incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) is related partially to chronic inflammation. n-3 Fatty acids have been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects and to reduce the risk of CVD. Specialized Proresolving Lipid Mediators (SPMs) derived from the n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) actively promote the resolution of inflammation. This study evaluates the effects of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on plasma SPMs in patients with CKD.
Associations of Serum Nonesterified Fatty Acids With Coronary Heart Disease Mortality and Nonfatal Myocardial Infarction: The CHS (Cardiovascular Health Study) Cohort; Background
The role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease; Growing evidence has suggested an important role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in reducing risk of cardiovascular disease in the general population and patients with preexisting heart disease. In particular, several long-term epidemiologic studies have found an inverse association between fish consumption and risk of coronary heart disease or stroke. Two secondary prevention trials have found that increasing fish consumption or fish oil supplementation significantly reduced coronary death among patients with existing myocardial infarction. In addition, epidemiologic and clinical studies have suggested that a-linolenic acid (ALA), a short-chain n3-3 fatty acid from plant sources, may have similar cardiac benefits as long-chain n-3 fatty acids from fish. Potential mechanisms through which n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids protect against CVD include their antiarrhythmic and antithrombotic effects, and improving insulin sensitivity and endothelial function. (C) 2001 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Further reduction in mortality following myocardial infarction; Omacor is a new omega-3 fatty acid product that is licensed for secondary prevention post-myocardial infarction. It confers an additional 20% reduction in all-cause mortality, based on the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto miocardico prevenzione (GISSI-P) study data. The GISSI-P results are compared with other trials of secondary prevention.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid profiles and relationship with cardiometabolic risk factors in Cree (<i>Eeyouch</i>) of Northern Quebec; Background. n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) from fish are known modulators of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Contemporary evidence on stearidonic acid health - promoting effects; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids are widely recognized as an important factor regulating a number of human disorders. The main source of omega-3 fatty acids) in the diet is seafood, especially cold-water fishes (EPA and DHA) and some vegetable oils (ALA). Because the dietary intake of omega-3 fatty is insufficient, other dietary options are being sought. Research has shown that stearidonic acid (SDA), present in some vegetable oils, may increase the EPA levels. The main objective of this article is to review current knowledge regarding the impact of stearidonic acid on human health. A number of studies have demonstrated that SDA has a beneficial effect on several diseases, such as hypertriglyceridemia, cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases, diabetes, and some types of cancer.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and human health outcomes; Current intakes of very long chain omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DNA) are low in most individuals living in Western countries. A good natural source of these fatty acids is seafood, especially oily fish. Fish oil capsules contain these fatty acids too. Very long chain w-3 fatty acids are readily incorporated from capsules into transport, functional, and storage pools. This incorporation is dose-dependent and follows a kinetic pattern that is characteristic for each pool. At sufficient levels of incorporation, EPA and DHA influence the physical nature of cell membranes and membrane protein-mediated responses, eicosanoid generation, cell signaling and gene expression in many different cell types. Through these mechanisms, EPA and DHA influence cell and tissue physiology, and the way cells and tissues respond to external signals. In most cases, the effects seen are compatible with improvements in disease biomarker profiles or in health-related outcomes. As a result, very long chain omega-3 fatty acids play a role in achieving optimal health and in protection against disease. Long chain omega-3 fatty acids protect against cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and might be beneficial in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel diseases, childhood learning, and behavior, and adult psychiatric and neurodegenerative illnesses. DHA has an important structural role in the eye and brain, and its supply early in life is known to be of vital importance. On the basis of the recognized health improvements brought about by long chain omega-3 fatty acids, recommendations have been made to increase their intake. (C) 2009 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc. Volume 35, Number 3, May/June 2009, Pages 266-272. E-mail: pcc@soton.ac.uk
Dietary therapy for preventing and treating coronary artery disease; Nearly one half of Americans die of cardiovascular disease. The morbidity and mortality associated with coronary artery disease is strongly related to abnormal lipid levels, oxidation of lipids and intra-arterial clot formation. Nutrition powerfully influences each of these factors. There is growing evidence that patients can improve lipid levels and decrease the rate of cardiovascular events by "adding" specific foods to their diets and switching from saturated and polyunsaturated to monounsaturated fats and n-3 fatty acids. Appropriate dietary changes decrease arteriosclerotic plaque formation, improve endothelial vasomotor dynamics, reduce oxidation of low-density lipoproteins and enhance thrombolytic activity. Brief discussions between physicians and patients can influence patients' food choices. Changes in diet can reduce the premature mortality and morbidity associated with coronary artery disease.
Maternal dietary supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids confers neuroprotection to the newborn against hypoxia-induced dopamine dysfunction; Introduction: Up to 84% of prematurely born infants suffer hypoxic, anoxic, and ischemic insults. Those infants with subsequent behavioral, motor or cognitive dysfunction represent 8-11% of all live births. Yet, no interventions employed during pregnancy attenuate risk of morbidity in those at-risk infants. Dietary supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) has been shown to reduce stroke-induced neuropathology in rat models emulating this adverse clinical event. To extend those studies we sought to determine whether maternal dietary supplementation with w-3 PUFAs would confer neuroprotection against hypoxia-induced neurochemical dysfunction in newborn rat pups exposed to repetitive hypoxic insults.
Role of Cod Liver Oil in Preventing Myocardial Infarction; Introduction: Omega-3 fatty acids have for long been shown to reduce the incidence of cardiovascular (CV) diseases. Omega-3 fatty acids mainly exist in the form of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid in fish oils. Cod liver oil is found to have a high concentration of these omega-3 fatty acids. This study aims to explore the benefits of using cod liver oil in reducing the incidence of myocardial infarction (MI) among at-risk patients.
Comparative study of fatty-acid composition of table eggs from the Jeddah food market and effect of value addition in omega-3 bio-fortified eggs; Health consciousness has increased the desire of people around the world to consume functional foods. Omega-3 essential fatty acids are one among these beneficial and important health supplements without which a general predisposition to degenerative and stress related disorders can occur. Saudi Arabia has shown an alarming increase in obesity (Al-Nozha et al., 2005), diabetes (Alqurashi et al., 2011), and cardiovascular disease (Al-Nozha et al., 2004) in the last few decades mainly due to nutritional transitions and lifestyle alterations (Amuna and Zotor, 2008). Lack of nutrient dense foods and the prevailing food related disorder of obesity (Popkin, 2001; Prentice, 2014) especially render egg as a choice food to be value-added for attaining nutritional security in Saudi Arabia and in effect reverse the increasing incidences of lifestyle diseases. Nutritional intervention through a commonly consumed food product would be an important step in improving the health of the people, and reducing health care costs. As eggs are a frequently consumed food item in Saudi Arabia, enriching them with omega-3 fatty acids would be an excellent way to alleviate the existing problems. A significant deposition of omega-3 fatty acids in the eggs was observed when the diet of hens was supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids from either flaxseed or fish oil source. Inadequacy of omega-3 fatty acids could thus be rectified by producing omega-3 enriched eggs from hens supplemented with flaxseed or fish oil source, and thus contribute toward better health choice of the consumer. (C) 2015 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Dietetic guidelines: diet in secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Aim To produce dietetic guidelines summarizing the systematic review evidence on dietary advice for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Effects of combination treatment with policosanol and omega-3 fatty acids on platelet aggregation:: A randomized, double-blind clinical study; Background: Policosanol is a mixture of long-chain primary aliphatic alcohols purified from sugar cane wax that has cholesterol lowering and antiplatelet effects. Omega-3 fatty acids (FA) have triglyceride lowering and antiplatelet effects. Combination treatment with policosanol and omega-3 FA (Omega 3FA) has been associated with significant inhibition of platelet aggregation in rabbits compared with either drug alone.
n-3 fatty acids: Antiatherosclerotic effects; The low incidence of cardiovascular disease associated epidemiologically with high consumption of food rich in n-3 fatty acids suggests the possibility that part of the beneficial cardiovascular effects of these natural substances may be due to a reduction of atherosclerosis. This has been recently confirmed in autoptic data and in at least one prospective trial evaluating the progression of coronary atherosclerosis in humans. This paper reviews published literature on n-3 fatty acids and atherosclerosis in animal models and in humans and in vitro experimental data yielding suport to the hypothesis of antiatherosclerotic effects of these substances.
Mediterranean diet has no effect on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease; Objective: Mediterranean diet is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers and metabolic risk factors in epidemiologic studies and recent trials on patients with metabolic syndrome. Given the recent improvements in medical treatments, it is unclear if such beneficial effects are also present in patients with coronary artery disease ( CAD). We therefore investigated the effect of Mediterranean diet on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with treated CAD.
Omega-3 fatty acids effectively modulate growth performance, immune response, and disease resistance in fish against multiple stresses; Arsenic pollution and climate change are two major global challenges that have threatened the aquatic environment and to a certain extent led to extinction of aquatic animals. Concerted and accelerated scientific efforts are in progress to restrict the ill- impacts of pollution and climate change in the aquatic ecosystem. In this context, we have conducted a study to delineate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids i.e., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in mitigating arsenic pollution and temperature stress in Pangasianodon hypophthalmus. Four isocaloric and iso-nitrogenous diets were prepared viz. control feed (no supplementation), and three treatment groups with combined level of EPA + DHA at 0.2, 0.4 and 0.6%. Fish were reared under arsenic (2.65 mg L-1) and elevated temperature (34 degrees C) (As+T) stress for 105 days with eight different treatment groups in triplicates. Growth performance, oxidative stress enzymes, stress biomarkers, immunity, lipid profile, bioaccumulation of the arsenic in fish tissues and bacterial infection in terms of cumulative mortality and relative percent survival were altered on exposure of arsenic and temperature stress. Supplementation of combinatorial mixture of EPA + DHA at the rate of 0.2 and 0.4% in the diet led to improved growth performance, anti-oxidative status, immunity of the fish and reduced the infection against Aeromonas hydrophila. Neurotransmitter enzyme, HSP 70 and Vitamin C were significantly enhanced (p < 0.01) with supplementation of EPA + DHA, whereas, total lipid, cholesterol, phospholipid, triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) were reduced (p < 0.01) at 0.2 and 0.4% of dietary incorporation of EPA + DHA. Overall, the present investigation clearly revealed that a novel combination of EPA + DHA at 0.4% has the potential to mitigate arsenic pollution, temperature stress and protect the fish against bacterial infection.
Role of omega-3 PUFA-derived mediators, the protectins, in influenza virus infection; Influenza A viruses are the causative agents of seasonal and pandemic infections. Influenza strains have recently emerged that show resistance to anti-viral drugs. Moreover, therapies in critically ill patients with severe influenza are limited, with the current anti-viral drugs showing disappointing results even in the absence of obvious viral resistance. Given the high mortality associated with avian H5N1 or H7N9 infections and the risk of pandemic potentials, effective drugs are needed for the treatment of severe influenza. A virus-host interaction is a multidimensional host response, in which not only genes and protein but also metabolites are up- or down-regulated, and cellular pathways and networks implicated in the viral pathogenesis are perturbed. Thus, it seems an attractive strategy to overcome influenza by targeting host metabolites and/or metabolic pathways involved in viral pathogenesis. Using lipidomics and lipid libraries screening, potectin D1 isomer (PDX) derived from the 15-lipoxygenase product 17S-H(p)DHA and/or 17HDHA precursor, has recently been identified, which suppresses influenza virus replication by inhibiting the nuclear export of viral mRNA rather than regulating resolution of inflammation. Contribution of the protectins to control influenza virus replication and their therapeutic potentials are reviewed here. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Oxygenated metabolism of PUFA: analysis and biological relevance". (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Marine-derived n-3 fatty acids therapy for stroke; Background
Effects of supplemental long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and erythrocyte membrane fatty acid content on circulating inflammatory markers in a randomized controlled trial of healthy adults; The long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated (n-3 PUFA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may have anti-inflammatory effects. We evaluated the dose-response effect of EPA+DHA supplementation on circulating TNF-alpha, IL-6, and CRP and explored associations between red blood cell (RBC) membrane PUFA content and TNF-alpha, IL-6, and CRP. Young adults with low fish intake (n= 116) received one of five doses (0, 300, 600, 900, or 1,800 mg/d EPA+DHA) for 5 months. There were no significant effects of supplemental EPA+DHA on IL-6 or CRP; however, there was a marginal treatment effect for TNF-alpha (p < 0.08). At baseline, higher quartiles of RBC DHA were associated with lower TNF-alpha (p=0.001); higher quartiles of arachidonic acid were associated with higher TNF-alpha (p=0.005). EPA+DHA supplementation had no dose-response effect on TNF-alpha, IL-6, or CRP in healthy young adults; however, associations between inflammatory markers and RBC PUFA warrant further investigation. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of omega-3 fatty acids on alcohol-induced damage; Alcohol is the most widely consumed psychoactive substance in the world that has a severe impact on many organs and bodily systems, particularly the liver and nervous system. Alcohol use during pregnancy roots long-lasting changes in the newborns and during adolescence has long-term detrimental effects especially on the brain. The brain contains docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a major omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) that makes up cell membranes and influences membrane-associated protein function, cell signaling, gene expression and lipid production. N-3 is beneficial in several brain conditions like neurodegenerative diseases, ameliorating cognitive impairment, oxidative stress, neuronal death and inflammation. Because alcohol decreases the levels of n-3, it is timely to know whether n-3 supplementation positively modifies alcohol-induced injuries. The aim of this review is to summarize the state-of-the-art of the n-3 effects on certain conditions caused by alcohol intake, focusing primarily on brain damage and alcoholic liver disease.
Fluorescent nanocarriers targeting VCAM-1 for early detection of senescent endothelial cells; Endothelial senescence has been identified as an early event in the development of endothelial dysfunction, a hallmark of cardiovascular disease. This study developed theranostic nanocarriers (NC) decorated with VCAM-1 antibodies (NC-VCAM-1) in order to target cell surface VCAM-1, which is overexpressed in senescent endothelial cells (ECs) for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes. Incubation of Ang II-induced premature senescent ECs or replicative senescent ECs with NC-VCAM-1 loaded with lipophilic fluorescent dyes showed higher fluorescence signals than healthy EC, which was dependent on the NC size and VCAM-1 antibodies concentration, and not observed following masking of VCAM-1. NC loaded with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (NC-EPA:DHA6:1) were more effective than native EPA:DHA 6:1 to prevent Ang II-induced VCAM-1 and p53 upregulation, and SA-beta-galactosidase activity in coronary artery segments. These theranostic NC might be of interest to evaluate the extent and localization of endothelial senescence and to prevent pro-senescent endothelial responses. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of orthostatic hypotension; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish have been shown to lower blood pressure. However, there is little information about the association with orthostatic hypotension, for which hypertension is a risk factor. We investigated the associations between serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and orthostatic hypotension in 1666 middle-aged or older men and women free of cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes or hypertension in 1998-2001 in the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study (KIHD) in eastern Finland. We also investigated the associations with mercury exposure, a major source of which is fish, and which has been associated with higher CVD risk in KIHD. Orthostatic hypotension was defined as decrease in systolic blood pressure of at least 20 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure of at least 10 mm Hg within 1 min of standing. Orthostatic hypotension was found in 146 participants (8.8%). The mean serum concentrations were 1.67% (s.d. 0.92) for eicosapentaenoic acid, 0.79% (s.d. 0.16) for docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and 2.78 (s.d. 0.92) for docosahexaenoic acid of all serum fatty acids. The mean pubic hair mercury concentration was 1.5 mu g g(-1) (s.d. 1.6). We did not find statistically significant associations between the serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs or pubic hair mercury and risk of orthostatic hypotension, except for DPA. Those in the highest vs. the lowest serum DPA tertile had multivariate-adjusted 41% lower odds for orthostatic hypotension (95% confidence interval 7-63%, P-trend = 0.02). Serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs or mercury exposure were not associated with the risk of orthostatic hypotension, except for the inverse association with DPA.
A 22-year prospective study of fish, <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid intake, and colorectal cancer risk in men; Background: Fish is the main dietary source of long-chain n-3 fatty acids, which have been suggested to play a protective role in colorectal cancer development in laboratory and animal studies. Human studies have not shown consistent results. We examined the association between intakes of fish and n-3 fatty acids from fish and colorectal cancer risk in men enrolled in the Physicians' Health Study.
The muscle mass, omega-3, diet, exercise and lifestyle (MODEL) study - a randomised controlled trial for women who have completed breast cancer treatment; Background: Loss of lean body mass (LBM) is a common occurrence after treatment for breast cancer and is related to deleterious metabolic health outcomes [ Clin Oncol, 22(4): 281-288, 2010; Appl Physiol Nutr Metab, 34 (5): 950-956, 2009]. The aim of this research is to determine the effectiveness of long chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCn-3s) and exercise training alone, or in combination, in addressing LBM loss in breast cancer survivors.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption in diabetic nephropathy; The complex metabolic, vascular and inflammatory perturbations that characterize diabetes mellitus often lead to progressive albuminuria, renal injury and dysfunction (diabetic nephropathy [DN]), and diabetes is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease in the US and Europe. Diet has an important role in cardiometabolic disorders and its potential influence on DN is of interest. Fatty acids are a major source of energy, but in excess, fatty acids (particularly saturated fatty acids) can induce lipotoxicity. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) confer protection against cardiovascular disease-the major cause of death in patients with DN-by virtue of their antihyperlipidemic, antihypertensive, anti-inflammatory and other properties. Omega-6 PUFAs are also cardioprotective. However, a significant proportion of adults consume insufficient quantities of these essential nutrients. This Review describes the role of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in nutrition and metabolism, with a focus on experimental, epidemiologic and clinical studies that have investigated their renoprotective effect in patients with diabetes. Results from a number of studies suggest, but do not firmly establish, that long-chain omega-3 PUFAs (found in fish oil) reduce albuminuria in the setting of DN. Intake of omega-6 fatty acids is associated with reduced albuminuria in experimental settings and in epidemiologic studies of DN. Although PUFAs do not seem to attenuate glomerular dysfunction, insufficient evidence exists to rule out such an effect. We feel that further research is needed into the potential of PUFA consumption and supplementation in DN.
Linoleic acid attenuates cardioprotection induced by resolvin D1; We previously observed that resolvin D1 (RvD1), a metabolite of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) docosahexaenoic acid, reduces infarct size by a mechanism involving the PI3-K/Akt pathway. In parallel, the beneficial effect of a high omega-3 PUFA diet on infarct size can be attenuated by increased omega-6 PUFA consumption. The present study was designed to determine if augmented linoleic acid (LA), an omega-6 PUFA administered at the same time, attenuates the cardioprotective action of RvD1.
Dietary management of cardiovascular diseases; Since cholesterol was discovered in atherosclerotic plaques and was able, when given in diet, to induce the same type of lesions in animals, the aim of previous dietary changes was to reduce serum cholesterol as much as possible. For this purpose, the intake of saturated fats was decreased and replaced by linoleic acid, the main fatty acid lowering cholesterol, Nevertheless, this type of diet in primary or secondary prevention did not succeed in reducing satisfactorily cardiovascular and total mortality unless the intake of fish (DART and Hjermann trials) i.e. of n-3 fatty acids, was increased. On the other hand, the diet with the greatest life expectancy in the western world is that of Crete, largely vegetarian with a high intake of alpha-linolenic acid. Such a diet, compared to the usual prudent diet in 600 patients after a first myocardial infarction, reduced within a few months all cause mortality and cardiovascular events by more than 70%. Thus a highly palatable diet adapted from Crete seems to be much more efficient to prevent recurrences and death after a first myocardial infarction than the hypocholesterolemic diet presently advised.
An ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrate increases plasma high-density lipoprotein 2 cholesterol and paraoxonase levels in patients with familial combined hyperlipidemia; A remarkable reduction of plasma concentrations of high-density lipoproteins (HDL), especially of the HDL2 subfraction, is one of the typical lipoprotein alterations found in patients with familial combined hyperlipidemia (FCHL). Fourteen FCHL patients received 4 capsules daily of Omacor (an w-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid [omega3 FA] concentrate providing 1.88 g of eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 1.48 g of docosahexaenoic acid [DHA] per day; Pronova Biocare, Oslo, Norway) or placebo for 8 weeks in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study. Plasma triglycericles were 44% lower, and LDL cholesterol and apoliporpotein (apo)B were 25% and 7% higher after Omacor than placebo. HDL cholesterol was higher (+8%) after Omacor than placebo, but this difference did not achieve statistical significance. Omacor caused a selective increase of the more buoyant HDL2 subfraction; plasma HDL2 cholesterol and total mass increased by 40% and 26%, respectively, whereas HDL3 cholesterol and total mass decreased by 4% and 6%. Both HDL2 and HDL3 were enriched in cholesteryl esters and depleted of triglycericles after Omacor. No changes were observed in the plasma concentration of major HDL apolipoproteins, LpA-I and LpA-I:A-II particles, lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT), and cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP). The plasma concentration of the HDL-bound antioxidant enzyme paraoxonase increased by 10% after Omacor. Omacor may be helpful in correcting multiple lipoprotein abnormalities and reducing cardiovascular risk in FCHL patients. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessing the environment for regulatory change for eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid nutrition labeling; This review examines issues related to the development of a recommended daily allowance or adequate intake, two of the categories of dietary reference intakes, for the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3). Although some have suggested a dietary intake of two servings of fatty fish per week or supplement intake of 500 mg/day EPA plus DHA, based on evidence from epidemiologic and clinical studies of cardiovascular benefit from regular fish or fish-oil consumption, supplementation with EPA and/or DHA may also have antidepressant and mood-stabilizing effects. Omega-3 PUFA biology is complex and chronic disease outcomes are sometimes difficult to prove, yet the possibility of benefit for a substantial portion of the population from increased omega-3 PUFA intake is a public health issue that must be addressed responsibly and be based on significant scientific evidence.
Reduced Thrombin Formation and Altered Fibrin Clot Properties Induced by Polyunsaturated Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Top of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (OMEGA-PCI Clot); Objective-The goal of this study was to investigate whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are able to alter plasma fibrin clot properties and reduce thrombin formation in stable coronary artery disease patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
THE ACUTE EFFECT OF A SINGLE VERY HIGH-DOSE OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON COAGULATION AND FIBRINOLYSIS; The objective of the study was to investigate the acute effect of a single very high dose of n-3 PUFA on coagulation and fibrinolysis. Forty healthy volunteers were randomized into two groups to receive either 20 grams of n-3 PUFA or 20 grams of n-6 PUFA as a single dose at 6 p.m. with their evening meal. Coagulation and fibrinolysis were evaluated in the fasting state at 8 a.m. the next morning and compared to values obtained at 8 a.m. the day before, when the participants were on their habitual diets.
EFFECT OF NUTRITIONALLY RELEVANT DOSES OF LONG-CHAIN N-3 PUFA ON LIPID STATUS, OXIDATIVE STRESS AND INFLAMMATORY MARKERS IN AN AVERAGE MIDDLE-AGED SERBIAN POPULATION; Background: This study investigated the effects of a nutritionally relevant intake of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) fatty acids derived from oily fish or a fish oil supplement on selected cardiovascular risk factors in average middle-aged individuals.
Wheat aleurone polyphenols increase plasma eicosapentaenoic acid in rats; Methods: These studies were designed to assess whether wheat polyphenols (mainly ferulic acid [FA]) increased the very-long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (VLC n-3) [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] in rats. Wheat aleurone (WA) was used as a dietary source of wheat polyphenols. Two experiments were performed; in the first one, the rats were fed WA or control pellets (CP) in presence of linseed oil (LO) to provide alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), the precursor of VLC n-3. In the second one, the rats were fed WA or CP in presence of control oil (CO) without ALA. The concentrations of phenolic acid metabolites in urine were also investigated.
Omega 3 fatty acids increase the chemo-sensitivity of B-CLL-derived cell lines EHEB and MEC-2 and of B-PLL-derived cell line JVM-2 to anti-cancer drugs doxorubicin, vincristine and fludarabine; Background: B-Cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common form of leukemia in the United States. Clinical treatment of CLL is often limited due to drug resistance and severe therapy-induced toxicities. We hypothesized that the omega 3 (n-3) fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), would increase the sensitivity of malignant B-lymphocytes to anti-cancer drugs doxorubicin, vincristine and/or fludarabine in vitro and that increased sensitivity is achieved by alterations in cell-cycle progression leading to growth inhibition and/or enhanced cell death. We further postulate that enhanced sensitivity is dependent on the formation of lipid peroxides and to the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS).
Effects of a diet containing different sources of omega-3 fatty acids on kidney-related biomarkers in overweight and obese individuals: a randomized clinical trial; Purpose
A Multiomics, Molecular Atlas of Breast Cancer Survivors; Breast cancer imposes a significant burden globally. While the survival rate is steadily improving, much remains to be elucidated. This observational, single time point, multiomic study utilizing genomics, proteomics, targeted and untargeted metabolomics, and metagenomics in a breast cancer survivor (BCS) and age-matched healthy control cohort (N = 100) provides deep molecular phenotyping of breast cancer survivors. In this study, the BCS cohort had significantly higher polygenic risk scores for breast cancer than the control group. Carnitine and hexanoyl carnitine were significantly different. Several bile acid and fatty acid metabolites were significantly dissimilar, most notably the Omega-3 Index (O3I) (significantly lower in BCS). Proteomic and metagenomic analyses identified group and pathway differences, which warrant further investigation. The database built from this study contributes a wealth of data on breast cancer survivorship where there has been a paucity, affording the ability to identify patterns and novel insights that can drive new hypotheses and inform future research. Expansion of this database in the treatment-na & iuml;ve, newly diagnosed, controlling for treatment confounders, and through the disease progression, can be leveraged to profile and contextualize breast cancer and breast cancer survivorship, potentially leading to the development of new strategies to combat this disease and improve the quality of life for its victims.
Omega 3 chronic supplementation attenuates myocardial ischaemia-reperfusion injury through reinforcement of antioxidant defense system in rats; Currently, controversial clinical data about the protective effects in the consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in ischaemic heart diseases exist. Improved myocardial resistance to ischaemia-reperfusion (IR) injury results in non-lethal myocardial infarction, which is a relevant factor in the myocardial function. We hypothesized that chronic supplementation with PUFAs reduced infarct size (IS) and induced an improvement on oxidative stress-related parameters in IR model. Rats were supplemented with two doses of PUFAs D1 (n=7) (0.6gkg(-1)d(-1)) and D2 (n=7) (1.2gkg(-1)d(-1)) for 8weeks. Control group (n=7) received only standard diet. In ex vivo model, all rat hearts were subjected to 30min of global ischaemia followed by 120min of reperfusion. The IS and left ventricular function were assessed. Lipid peroxidation, reduced glutathione (GSH)/oxidized glutathione (GSSG) ratio and antioxidant enzyme activity were measured in the whole heart. The results show a reduction in IS in a dose-dependent manner with PUFAs D1 (30.6%) and D2 (48.5%) and higher values of left ventricular developed pressure, at the end of the reperfusion, for each dose, respectively (p<0.05). The two PUFAs groups showed higher values of GSH/GSSG ratio and lipid peroxidation, and higher values of activity of antioxidant enzymes catalase, superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase at basal condition (p<0.05). At the end of reperfusion, the GSH/GSSG ratio and antioxidants enzyme activity did not show a significant drop in their values (p>0.05). These findings suggested that the supplementation with PUFAs induces cardioprotection against IR injury, associated with reinforcement of the antioxidant defense system. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Dietary ω-3 fatty acids alter cardiac mitochondrial phospholipid composition and delay Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>-induced permeability transition; Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), decreases risk for heart failure and attenuates pathologic cardiac remodeling in response to pressure overload. Dietary supplementation with EPA + DHA may also impact cardiac mitochondrial function and energetics through alteration of membrane phospholipids. We assessed the role of EPA + DHA supplementation on left ventricular (LV) function, cardiac mitochondrial membrane phospholipid composition, respiration, and sensitivity to mitochondrial permeability transition pore (MPTP) opening in normal and infarcted myocardium. Rats were subjected to sham surgery or myocardial infarction by coronary artery ligation (n = 10-14), and fed a standard diet, or supplemented with EPA + DHA (2.3% of energy intake) for 12 weeks. EPA + DHA altered fatty acid composition of total mitochondrial phospholipids and cardiolipin by reducing arachidonic acid content and increasing DHA incorporation. EPA + DHA significantly increased calcium uptake capacity in both subsarcolemmal and intrafibrillar mitochondria from sham rats. This treatment effect persisted with the addition of cyclosporin A, and was not accompanied by changes in mitochondrial respiration or coupling, or cyclophilin D protein expression. Myocardial infarction resulted in heart failure as evidenced by LV dilation and contractile dysfunction. Infarcted LV myocardium had decreased mitochondrial protein yield and activity of mitochondrial marker enzymes, however respiratory function of isolated mitochondria was normal. EPA + DHA had no effect on LV function, mitochondrial respiration, or MPTP opening in rats with heart failure. In conclusion, dietary supplementation with EPA + DHA altered mitochondrial membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition in normal and infarcted hearts, but delayed MPTP opening only in normal hearts. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary fat intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality in a population at high risk of cardiovascular disease; Background: Dietary fat quality and fat replacement are more important for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention than is total dietary fat intake.
Importance of the Role of ω-3 and ω-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Progression of Brain Cancer; Brain cancer is one of the most malignant types of cancer in both children and adults. Brain cancer patients tend to have a poor prognosis and a high rate of mortality. Additionally, 20-40% of all other types of cancer can develop brain metastasis. Numerous pieces of evidence suggest that omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-PUFAs) could potentially be used in the prevention and therapy of several types of cancer. PUFAs and oxylipins are fundamental in preserving physiological events in the nervous system; it is, therefore, necessary to maintain a certain ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 for normal nervous system function. Alterations in PUFAs signaling are involved in the development of various pathologies of the nervous system, including cancer. It is well established that an omega-6-polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-6 PUFA)-rich diet has a pro-tumoral effect, whereas the consumption of an omega-3 rich diet has an anti-tumoral effect. This review aims to offer a better understanding of brain cancer and PUFAs and to discuss the role and impact of PUFAs on the development of different types of brain cancer. Considering the difficulty of antitumor drugs in crossing the blood-brain barrier, the therapeutic role of omega-3/omega-6 PUFAs against brain cancer would be a good alternative to consider. We highlight our current understanding of the role of PUFAs and its metabolites (oxylipins) in different brain tumors, proliferation, apoptosis, invasion, angiogenesis, and immunosuppression by focusing on recent research in vitro and in vivo.
Marine n-3 fatty acids: Basic features and background; There is some evidence from epidemiology that intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from seafood may protect against coronary artery disease (CAD). This hypothesis is further supported from animal data showing a beneficial effect of n-3 PUFA on thrombosis and atherosclerosis in animals fed fish oils in most, but not all, studies. There are several mechanisms by which an increased intake of marine n-3 PUFA may protect against CAD; the most universal finding is a reduction of plasma triglycerides. It is puzzling, however, that a very low amount of n-3 PUFA, with no known beneficial biochemical effects, seems to be cardioprotective. It has therefore been of paramount interest to perform clinical trials. Such evidence and trials are discussed in later chapters, and the results have been very encouraging.
Fish oil and cardiovascular disease: lipids and arterial function; n-3 Fatty acids have been shown to modify several key risk factors for cardiovascular disease. However, it is not clear whether the apparent protection against cardiovascular disease is directly related to antiatherogenic functions of these fatty acids or is mediated through their modification of the risk factors through mechanisms not directly related to lipids. A major question concerns the importance of lipid modification, which is a potent outcome of fish-oil supplementation. On balance, lipid modification is likely to represent a significant antiatherogenic fatter. The benefits include increased HDL2-cholesterol concentrations, reduced triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein concentrations, reduced postprandial lipemia, and reduced remnant concentrations. In contrast, LDL-cholesterol. concentrations have often been noted to rise and the potential of increased oxidizability of LDLs is potentially adverse with lipid modification, but this potential can be overcome with vitamin E supplementation. The characteristic lipid changes and the underlying mechanisms are reviewed. Additional benefits of fish oils include improved endothelial function and better arterial compliance (elasticity). Future trials will be needed to determine minimum effective dosages of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids over lengthy periods and to show cardiovascular disease reduction through intervention.
Development and validation of a HPLC-MS/MS method for the analysis of fatty acids-in the form of FAME ammonium adducts-in human whole blood and erythrocytes to determine omega-3 index; Recent scientific studies in the field of health and nutrition have unanimously affirmed the importance of consuming the omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), because of their cardioprotective properties. Fatty acid profiling in erythrocyte membranes allows the omega-3 index, which is a recognized indicator of the risk of developing cardiovascular disease, to be calculated. One consequence of the upward trend in healthy lifestyles and longevity is an increase in the number of studies into the omega-3 index, which requires a reliable method for the quantitative analysis of fatty acids. This article describes the development and validation of a sensitive and reproducible liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) method for the quantitative analysis of 23 fatty acids (in the form of fatty acid methyl esters, FAMEs) in 40 & mu;l of whole blood and erythrocytes. The list of acids includes saturated, omega-9 unsaturated, omega-6 unsaturated and omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids as well as their trans-isomers. The limit of quantitation was 250 ng ml -1 for C12:0, C16:0 and C18:0; and 62.5 ng ml -1 for other FAMEs, including EPA, DHA and trans-isomers of FAME C16:1, C18:1 and C18:2 n-6. Sample preparation for fatty acid (FA) esterification/methylation with boron trifluoride-methanol (BF3) has been optimized. Chromatographic separation has been carried out on a C8 column in gradient mode using a mixture of acetonitrile, isopropanol and water with the addition of 0.1% formic acid and 5 mM ammonium formate. As a result, the problem of separating the cis-and trans-isomers of FAME C16:1, C18:1 and C18:2 n-6 has been solved. The electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS) detection of FAMEs, in the form of ammonium adducts, has been optimized for the first time, which has made the method more sensitive that when the protonated species are used. This method has been applied to 12 samples from healthy subjects that consumed omega-3 supplements and has proven to be a reliable tool for determining the omega-3 index.
Omega-3 in Patients Undergoing Continuous Ambulatory Peritoneal Dialysis, Effects on Inflammatory Markers and Lipid Profile; Introduction. CKD is one of the most prevalent entities associated with high morbidity and mortality. Most of the patients with renal diseases, particularly patients undergoing dialysis, suffer from cardiovascular disease and it is necessary to employ appropriate strategies to prevent and manage this complication. The aim of this study was to evaluate the anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 in patients undergoing CAPD.
Effect of n-3 PUFA on left ventricular remodelling in chronic heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Accumulating evidence suggests that supplementation of n-3 PUFA was associated with reduction in risk of major cardiovascular events. This meta-analysis was to systematically evaluate whether daily supplementation and accumulated intake of n-3 PUFA are associated with improved left ventricular (LV) remodelling in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). Articles were obtained from Pubmed, Clinical key and Web of Science from inception to January 1 in 2021, and a total of twelve trials involving 2162 participants were eligible for inclusion. The sources of study heterogeneity were explained by I-2 statistic and subgroup analysis. Compared with placebo groups, n-3 PUFA supplementation improved LV ejection fraction (LVEF) (eleven trials, 2112 participants, weighted mean difference (WMD) = 2 center dot 52, 95 % CI 1 center dot 25, 3 center dot 80, I-2 = 87 center dot 8 %) and decreased LV end systolic volume (five studies, 905 participants, WMD = -3 center dot 22, 95 % CI 3 center dot 67, -2 center dot 77, I-2 = 0 center dot 0 %) using the continuous variables analysis. Notably, the high accumulated n-3 PUFA dosage groups (>= 600 g) presented a prominent improvement in LVEF, while the low and middle accumulated dosage (<= 300 and 300-600 g) showed no effects on LVEF. In addition, n-3 PUFA supplementation decreased the levels of pro-inflammatory mediators including TNF-alpha, IL-6 (IL-6) and hypersensitive c-reactive protein. Therefore, the present meta-analysis demonstrated that n-3 PUFA consumption was associated with a substantial improvement of LV function and remodelling in patients subjected to CHF. The accumulated dosage of n-3 PUFA intake is vital for its cardiac protective role.
The independent effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on cardiovascular risk factors in humans; Purpose of review This review details the independent effects of purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. We report data from the recent literature and our own controlled clinical trials which compared the independent effects of these fatty acids in individuals at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, namely overweight hyperlipidaemic men and treated-hypertensive, type 2 diabetic men and women. We discuss the biological effects of these fatty acids and the potential mechanisms through which they may affect cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid induces pyroptosis cell death in triple-negative breast cancer cells; The implication of inflammation in pathophysiology of several type of cancers has been under intense investigation. Omega-3 fatty acids can modulate inflammation and present anticancer effects, promoting cancer cell death. Pyroptosis is an inflammation related cell death and so far, the function of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in pyroptosis cell death has not been described. This study investigated the role of DHA in triggering pyroptosis activation in breast cancer cells. MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells were supplemented with DHA and inflammation cell death was analyzed. DHA-treated breast cancer cells triggered increased caspase-1and gasdermin D activation, enhanced IL-1 ss secretion, translocated HMGB1 towards the cytoplasm, and membrane pore formation when compared to untreated cells, suggesting DHA induces pyroptosis programmed cell death in breast cancer cells. Moreover, caspase-1 inhibitor (YVAD) could protect breast cancer cells from DHA-induced pyroptotic cell death. In addition, membrane pore formation showed to be a lysosomal damage and ROS formation-depended event in breast cancer cells. DHA triggered pyroptosis cell death in MDA-MB-231by activating several pyroptosis markers in these cells. This is the first study that shows the effect of DHA triggering pyroptosis programmed cell death in breast cancer cells and it could improve the understanding of the omega-3 supplementation during breast cancer treatment.
Oil mixes omega 9, 6 and 3, enriched with seaweed, promoted reduction of thermal burned modulating NF-kB and Ki-67; PURPOSE: To examine the effects of the oil mixes (omega-9,omega-6 and omega-3) in rats subjected to thermal burn. It was also aimed to assess whether the sources of omega 3 would interfere with the effect of such mixes on the thermal injury.
Effect of flaxseed supplementation and exercise training on lipid profile, oxidative stress and inflammation in rats with myocardial ischemia; Background: Flaxseed has recently gained attention in the area of cardiovascular disease primarily because of its rich contents of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), lignans, and fiber. Although the benefits of exercise on any single risk factor are unquestionable, the effect of exercise on overall cardiovascular risk, when combined with other lifestyle modifications such as proper nutrition, can be dramatic. This study was carried out to evaluate the protective role of flaxseed and exercise on cardiac markers, lipids profile and inflammatory markers in isoproterenol (ISO)-induced myocardial ischemia in rats.
Dietary counselling plus omega-3 supplementation in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder: protocol for a randomized wait-list controlled pilot trial (the "EASe-GAD Trial"); BackgroundAnxiety disorders are prevalent and disabling conditions involving excessive worry and tension. Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), the most common anxiety disorder, affects 5% of individuals from high-income countries and many individuals report that treatment options are not accessible, effective, or tolerable. Clinical evidence suggests that nutrition interventions, based on the Mediterranean diet and supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids, can significantly improve symptoms of depression; however, the effect of nutrition interventions on anxiety symptoms has not been studied in a clinical population. The primary objective of the present study is to assess the feasibility and acceptability of a dietary counselling and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation intervention delivered to adult women with GAD. The secondary objectives include assessing changes in anxiety symptom severity, assessing changes in quality of life, assessing changes in biomarkers, and evaluating the components of the program.MethodsThis study is a randomized, wait-list controlled pilot trial delivering a 12-week, dietary counselling intervention and omega-3 supplementation to 50 adult women with GAD. Participants will complete seven individual counselling sessions which include education, personalized recommendations, mindful eating techniques, motivational interviewing, and goal setting. They will be provided with recipes, instructional videos, and food items. The intervention is designed based on the Social Cognitive Theory and previous research that has been done by the author team to identify dietary constituents with the most evidence to support their use in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Questionnaires and blood work will be completed at baseline, after the waiting period (for those in the waitlist group), and after the intervention.DiscussionResults from this study will lay the foundation for future large-scale studies in this area and may provide preliminary evidence of the role of diet counselling and omega-3 supplementation in the management of GAD. Research on the role of nutrition in psychiatric care has been identified as a priority by a number of international organizations. The present trial directly addresses the call for the research that is most needed to advance the field.Trial registrationThis protocol was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on October 10, 2022; NCT05573672.Trial sponsor: The Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine, 1255 Sheppard Ave E, Toronto, ON M2K 1E2, 416-498-1255.Steering committee: Composed of MA, LL, KC, IvdW, SM, UN, AJ. The committee meets monthly to oversee the trial.Protocol identifier: CCNM_EASe-GADCT_2201v4.Trial registrationThis protocol was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on October 10, 2022; NCT05573672.Trial sponsor: The Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine, 1255 Sheppard Ave E, Toronto, ON M2K 1E2, 416-498-1255.Steering committee: Composed of MA, LL, KC, IvdW, SM, UN, AJ. The committee meets monthly to oversee the trial.Protocol identifier: CCNM_EASe-GADCT_2201v4.Trial registrationThis protocol was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on October 10, 2022; NCT05573672.Trial sponsor: The Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine, 1255 Sheppard Ave E, Toronto, ON M2K 1E2, 416-498-1255.Steering committee: Composed of MA, LL, KC, IvdW, SM, UN, AJ. The committee meets monthly to oversee the trial.Protocol identifier: CCNM_EASe-GADCT_2201v4.Trial registrationThis protocol was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on October 10, 2022; NCT05573672.
Fish consumption, n-3 fatty acids in cell membranes, and heart rate variability in survivors of myocardial infarction with left ventricular dysfunction; To elucidate a possible antiarrhythmic effect of long-chained n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, heart rate variability was assessed in 52 patients with a previous myocardial infarction and left ventricular dysfunction. The content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in platelets was closely associated with the patient's fish-consuming habits, and a significant positive correlation was observed between the n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid and heart rate variability.
DO-HEALTH: Vitamin D3-Omega-3-Home exercise - Healthy aging and longevity trial - Design of a multinational clinical trial on healthy aging among European seniors; DO-HEALTH is a multi-center clinical trial among 2157 community-dwelling European men and women age 70 and older. The 2x2x2 randomized-control factorial designtrial tested the individual and additive benefit, as well as the cost-effectiveness, of 3 interventions: vitamin D 2000 IU/day, omega-3 fatty acids 1000 mg/day (EPA + DHA, ratio 1:2), and a 30-minute 3 times/week home exercise (strength versus flexibility). Each treatment tested has shown considerable prior promise from mechanistic studies, small clinical trials, or large cohort studies, in the prevention of commonage-related chronic diseases, but definitive data are missing. DO-HEALTH will test these interventions in relation to 6 primary endpoints (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, non-vertebral fractures, Short Physical Performance Battery score, the Montreal Cognitive Assessment, and risk of infections), plus several secondary endpoints explored in ancillary studies (i.e. rate of any falls and injurious falls, joint pain, oral health, quality of life, and incident frailty). As the 3 interventions have distinct mechanisms of action for each of the 6 primary endpoints, a maximum benefit is expected for their additive benefit as a "multi-modal" intervention. The trial duration is 3 years with in-person contacts with all participants at 4 clinical visits and by quarterly phone calls. Baseline and follow-up blood samples were collected in all participants to measure changes in 25-hydroxyvitamin D and poly-unsaturated fatty acid concentrations. Our objective was to test interventions that are expected to promote healthy aging and longer life expectancy and that can be easily and safely implemented by older community-dwelling adults.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid: A Role in the Management of Cardiac Arrhythmias?; Objective: The objective of this study was to review and evaluate published evidence on the use of omega-3 fatty acid in the prevention and treatment of atrial and ventricular arrhythmias. Postulated mechanisms of the antiarrhythmic effects of omega-3 fatty acid are discussed.
Triglyceride-lowering therapies reduce cardiovascular disease event risk in subjects with hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular outcomes trials of fibrates, niacin, or omega-3 fatty acids alone, or added to a statin, have not consistently demonstrated reduced risk, but larger, statistically significant clinical benefits have been reported in subgroups with elevated triglycerides (TG) and/or elevated TG plus low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C).
Association between fish consumption, long chain omega 3 fatty acids, and risk of cerebrovascular disease: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To clarify associations of fish consumption and long chain omega 3 fatty acids with risk of cerebrovascular disease for primary and secondary prevention.
Dietary intakes of α-linolenic and linoleic acids are inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels among Japanese men; Investigations suggest a protective role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) but opposing roles of n-6 PUFA in inflammation, but the effects in vivo the human are not clear. We therefore tested the hypothesis that higher intakes of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA are associated with lower levels of inflammation among a population consuming a diet high in PUFA. This study aimed to assess the association between PUFA intake and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in a group of Japanese employees. The study subjects were 300 men and 211 women aged 21 to 67 years working in 2 municipal offices of Japan. We measured the serum high-sensitivity CRP concentrations by the latex agglutination nephelometry method and assessed dietary habits by a validated self-administered diet history questionnaire. We analyzed the data using multiple linear regression analysis with adjustment for potential confounding variables. Mean serum CRP concentrations tended to decrease as the intake of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, or their combination increased in men and women, although none of these relationships was statistically significant. In men, there were statistically significant inverse relationships between dietary intake of n-3 or n-6 PUFA and serum CRP concentrations (P for trend = .03 and .008, respectively). Among specific PUFA, only alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid showed clear inverse relationships (P for trend = .001 and .003, respectively) in men. The results suggest that increased intake of not only alpha-linolenic acid (n-3 PUFA) but also linoleic acid (n-6 PUFA) has a beneficial effect on systemic inflammation in men. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Augmentation of Sertraline in Treatment of Depression in Patients With Coronary Heart Disease A Randomized Controlled Trial; Context Studies of depressed psychiatric patients have shown that antidepressant efficacy can be increased by augmentation with omega-3 fatty acids.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid synthesis and release by brain-derived cells in vitro; The brain is more highly enriched than most other tissues in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), particularly docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In vitro studies of PUFA synthesis and release utilizing cell cultures of astrocytes, neurons, and cerebral microvascular endothelium have contributed significantly to our understanding of mechanisms potentially involved in the accretion of PUFA in brain. Both cerebral endothelium and astrocytes avidly elongate and desaturate precursors of the long-chain PUFAs when grown individually or in various co-culture combinations. The products, such as arachidonic acid (AA) and DHA, are released from the cells. In contrast, neurons appear unable to carry out fatty acid desaturation and thus are dependent upon preformed long-chain PUFA. Indeed, neurons co-cultured with astrocytes accumlate docosahexaenoate synthesized by the glial cells. Cerebral endothelial cultures are additionally capable of enriching the basolateral compartment (analogous to the brain extracellular space) with n-3 PUFA when grown in a membrane/chamber apparatus. The enrichment of this compartment with DHA is increased when cerebral endothelium is co-cultured with astrocytes. These data suggest that endothelial cells and astrocytes cooperate in the local synthesis and release of PUFA, collectively maintaining a brain environment enriched in long-chain PUFA.
Role of cytochrome P450 enzymes in the bioactivation of polyunsaturated fatty acids; Cytochrome P450 (CYP)-dependent metabolites of arachidonic acid (AA), such as epoxyeicosatrienoic acids and 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, serve as second messengers of various hormones and growth factors and play pivotal roles in the regulation of vascular, renal and cardiac function. As discussed in the present review, virtually all of the major AA metabolizing CYP isoforms accept a variety of other polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), including linoleic, eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), as efficient alternative substrates. The metabolites of these alternative PUFAs also elicit profound biological effects. The CYP enzymes respond to alterations in the chain-length and double bond structure of their substrates with remarkable changes in the regio- and stereoselectivity of product formation. The omega-3 double bond that distinguishes EPA and DHA from their omega-6 counterparts provides a preferred epoxidation site for CYP1A, CYP2C. CYP2J and CYP2E subfamily members. CYP4A enzymes that predominantly function as AA omega-hydroxylases show largely increased (omega-1)-hydroxylase activities towards EPA and DHA. Taken together, these findings indicate that CYP-dependent signaling pathways are highly susceptible to changes in the relative bioavailability of the different PUFAs and may provide novel insight into the complex mechanisms that link essential dietary fatty acids to the development of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2010 Elsevier BM. All rights reserved.
A walnut diet improves endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic subjects -: A randomized crossover trial; Background - Epidemiological studies suggest that nut intake decreases coronary artery disease (CAD) risk. Nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect that partly explains this benefit. Endothelial dysfunction is associated with CAD and its risk factors and is reversed by antioxidants and marine n-3 fatty acids. Walnuts are a rich source of both antioxidants and alpha-linolenic acid, a plant n-3 fatty acid.
Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation and coronary artery calcium progression in patients with coronary artery disease: A secondary analysis of a randomized trial; <bold>Background and aims: </bold>We previously reported that an omega-3 fatty acid index >= 4% with high-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) prevented progression of noncalcified plaque. Higher coronary artery calcium (CAC) scores and progression of CAC are associated with increased cardiovascular events and mortality. We examined the effect of EPA + DHA on CAC score.<bold>Methods: </bold>A total of 242 patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) on statin therapy were randomized to 1.86 g EPA and 1.5 g DHA daily or none (control) for 30 months. The CAC score was measured at baseline and 30-months with non-contrast, cardiac computed tomography.<bold>Results: </bold>Both EPA + DHA and control groups had significant progression in CAC scores over 30 months (median change:183.5 vs 221.0, respectively, p < 0.001) despite a 13.6% reduction in triglyceride level with EPA + DHA. No significant difference was observed between groups for the total group, by baseline CAC scores of <100, 100-399, 400-999 and >= 1000 or quartiles of achieved levels of EPA, DHA and the omega-3 fatty acid index. Similar rates of CAC progression were noted in those on high-intensity statin compared to low- and moderate-intensity statin.<bold>Conclusions: </bold>EPA and DHA added to statin resulted in similar CAC progression over 30 months regardless of baseline CAC categories, statin intensity and achieved levels of EPA, DHA and the omega-3 fatty acid index.
Moderate consumption of fatty fish reduces diastolic blood pressure in overweight and obese European young adults during energy restriction; Objective: Dietary intervention studies suggest that a daily fish meal can improve blood pressure (BP), however, such a dietary regimen might be difficult to sustain. The objective of the present study was to investigate whether salmon consumption three times per week improves BP during energy restriction in young adults
Effects of vitamin D, omega-3 and a simple strength exercise programme in cardiovascular disease prevention: The DO-HEALTH randomized controlled trial; Background: The effects of non-pharmaceutical interventions in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in older adults remains unclear. Therefore, the aim was to investigate the effect of 2000 IU/day of vitamin D-3, omega-3 fatty acids (1 g/day), and a simple home strength exercise program (SHEP) (3x/week) on lipid and CVD biomarkers plasma changes over 3 years, incident hypertension and major cardiovascular events (MACE). Methods: The risk of MACE (coronary heart event or intervention, heart failure, stroke) was an exploratory endpoint of DO-HEALTH, incident hypertension and change in biomarkers were secondary endpoints. DO-HEALTH is a completed multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, 2 x 2 x 2 factorial design trial enrolling 2157 Europeans aged >= 70 years. Results: Participants' median age was 74 [72, 77] years, 61.7% were women, 82.5% were at least moderately physically active, and 40.7% had 25(OH)D < 20 ng/mL at baseline. Compared to their controls, omega-3 increased HDL-cholesterol (difference in change over 3 years: 0.08 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.05-0.10), decreased triglycerides (-0.08 mmol/L, (95%CI -0.12 to -0.03), but increased total- (0.15 mmol/L, 95%CI 0.09; 0.2), LDL- (0.11 mmol/L, 0.06; 0.16), and non-HDL-cholesterol (0.07 mmol/L, 95%CI 0.02; 0.12). However, neither omega-3 (adjustedHR 1.00, 95%CI 0.64-1.56), nor vitamin D-3 (aHR 1.37, 95%CI 0.88-2.14), nor SHEP (aHR 1.18, 95%CI 0.76-1.84) reduced risk of MACE or incident hypertension compared to control. Conclusion: Among generally healthy, active, and largely vitamin D replete, older adults, treatment with omega-3, vitamin D-3, and/or SHEP had no benefit on MACE prevention. Only omega-3 supplementation changed lipid biomarkers, but with mixed effects.
Development of carboxymethyl cellulose/gelatin hydrogel loaded with Omega-3 for skin regeneration; Hydrogels have several characteristics, including biocompatibility, physical similarity with the skin's extracellular matrix, and regeneration capacity. Cell migration and proliferation are facilitated by natural polymers such as gelatin (Gel) and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC). Gelatin dressing acts as a structural framework for cell migration into the wound area, stimulating cell division and promoting granulation tissue formation. Omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil may prevent wound infection and improve the healing of wounds in the early stages. We studied the preparation of wound dressing containing Omega-3 and its ability to heal wounds. In this study, CMC-Gel hydrogels containing different concentrations of Omega-3 were investigated in full-thickness wounds. After the fabrication of the hydrogels by using surfactant (tween 20) and microemulsion method (oil in water), various tests such as SEM, Water uptake evaluation, weight loss, cell viability, blood compatibility, and in vivo study in rat cutaneous modeling during 14 days were performed to evaluate the properties of the fabricated hydrogels. The analysis of the hydrogels revealed that they possess porous structures with interconnected pores, with an average size of 83.23 +/- 6.43 mu m. The hydrogels exhibited a swelling capacity of up to 60% of their initial weight within 24 h, as indicated by the weight loss and swelling measurements. Cell viability study with the MTT technique showed that no cytotoxicity was observed at the recommended dosage, however, increasing the amount of omega-3 caused hemolysis, cell death, and inhibition of coagulation activity. An in vivo study in adult male rats with a full-thickness model showed greater than 91% improvement of the primary wound region after 2 weeks of treatment. Histological analysis demonstrated Omega-3 in hydrogels, which is a promising approach for topical skin treatment to prevent scar, and has shown efficacy as wound dressing by improving the repair process at the defect site.
Suppression of Postprandial Blood Glucose Fluctuations by a Low-Carbohydrate, High-Protein, and High-Omega-3 Diet via Inhibition of Gluconeogenesis; Hyperglycemia significantly contributes to the development and progression of metabolic diseases. Managing postprandial blood glucose fluctuations is of particular importance for patients with hyperglycemia, but safe and effective means of reducing blood glucose levels are still lacking. Five diets with varying macronutrient ratios and omega-3 fatty acid amounts were tested for their blood glucose-lowering effects in male C57BL/6J mice. The diets with potent blood glucose-lowering effects were further investigated for their underlying mechanisms and their beneficial effects on hyperglycemia models. Mice given the low-carbohydrate, high-protein, and high-omega-3 (LCHP+3) diet exhibited a rapid reduction of the blood glucose levels that remained consistently low, regardless of feeding. These effects were associated with reduced amino acid gluconeogenesis, due to the inhibition of hepatic alanine transaminase (ALT). Furthermore, the LCHP+3 intervention was effective in reducing the blood glucose levels in several disease conditions, including type 1 diabetes mellitus, hormone-induced hyperglycemia, and diet-induced metabolic syndrome. Our findings identify the LCHP+3 diet as a potent blood glucose-lowering diet that suppresses postprandial blood glucose fluctuations through the inhibition of gluconeogenesis and may have great clinical utility for the management of metabolic diseases with hyperglycemia.
Plasma very long-chain N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and age-related hearing loss in older adults; Age-related hearing loss is a common social and health problem in the older adult population. Up until now, very little scientific attention has been given to the potential role of fatty acids in agerelated hearing loss. In this study we investigated whether plasma very long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are associated with age-related hearing loss over three years.
Determinants of the omega-3 index in a Mediterranean population at increased risk for CHD; The omega-3 index, defined as the sum of EPA and DHA in erythrocyte membranes expressed as a percentage of total fatty acids, has been proposed as both a risk marker and risk factor for CHD death. A major determinant of the omega-3 index is EPA + DHA intake, but the impact of other dietary fatty acids has not been investigated. In a cross-sectional study on 198 subjects (102 men and 96 women, mean age 66 years) at high cardiovascular risk living in Spain, the country with low rates of cardiac death despite a high prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors, dietary data were acquired from FFQ and blood cell membrane fatty acid composition was measured by GC. The average consumption of EPA + DHA was 0.9 g/d and the mean omega-3 index was 7.1%. In multivariate models, EPA + DHA intake was the main predictor of the omega-3 index but explained only 12% of its variability (P<0.001). No associations with other dietary fatty acids were observed, Although the single most influential determinant of the omega-3 index measured here was the intake of EPA + DHA, it explained little of the former's variability; hence, the effects of other factors (genetic, dietary and lifestyle) remain to be determined. Nevertheless, the high omega-3 index could at least partially explain the paradox of low rates of fatal CHD in Spain despite a high background prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors.
Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation in vegetarians effectively increases omega-3 index: A randomized trial; Low red blood cell (RBC) membrane content of EPA + DHA (hereafter called omega-3 index) has recently been described as an indicator for increased risk of death from coronary heart disease. The relationship between plasma and RBC FA, focusing on omega-3 index, and the response to DHA supplementation were investigated in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, intervention study. Healthy vegetarians (87 f, 17 m) consumed daily a microalgae oil from Ulkenia sp. (0.94 g DHA/d) or olive oil (placebo) for 8 wk. DHA supplementation significantly increased DHA in RBC total lipids (7.9 vs. 4.4 wt%), in RBC PE (12.1 vs. 6.5 wt%), in RBC PC (3.8 vs. 1.4 wt%), and in plasma phospholipids (PL) (7.4 vs. 2.8 wt%), whereas EPA levels rose to a much lesser extent. Microalgae oil supplementation increased the omega-3 index from 4.8 to 8.4 wt%. After intervention, 69% of DHA-supplemented subjects (but no subject of the placebo group) reached an omega-3 index above the desirable value of 8 wt%. Omega-3 index and EPA + DHA levels in RBC PE, RBC PC, and plasma PL were closely correlated (r always > 0.9). We conclude that an 8-wk supplementation with 0.94 g DHA/d from microalgae oil achieves a beneficial omega-3 index of >= 8% in most subjects with low basal EPA + DHA status. RBC total FA analyses can be used instead of RBC lipid fraction analyses for assessing essential FA status, e.g., in clinical studies.
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment of Diets with Improved Omega-3 Fatty Acid Profiles; A high incidence of cardiovascular disease is observed worldwide, and dietary habits are one of the risk factors for these diseases. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet help to prevent cardiovascular disease. We used life cycle assessment to analyse the potential of two strategies to improve the nutritional and environmental characteristics of French diets: 1) modifying diets by changing the quantities and proportions of foods and 2) increasing the omega-3 contents in diets by replacing mainly animal foods with equivalent animal foods having higher omega-3 contents. We also investigated other possibilities for reducing environmental impacts. Our results showed that a diet compliant with nutritional recommendations for macronutrients had fewer environmental impacts than the current average French diet. Moving from an omnivorous to a vegetarian diet further reduced environmental impacts. Increasing the omega-3 contents in animal rations increased Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) in animal food products. Providing these enriched animal foods in human diets increased their EPA and DHA contents without affecting their environmental impacts. However, in diets that did not contain fish, EPA and DHA contents were well below the levels recommended by health authorities, despite the inclusion of animal products enriched in EPA and DHA. Reducing meat consumption and avoidable waste at home are two main avenues for reducing environmental impacts of diets.
Lipid profile after omega-3 supplementation in neonates with intrauterine growth retardation: a randomized controlled trial; BackgroundNeonates with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) have a high lipid profile that predisposes them to cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to evaluate the effect of omega 3 supplementation on serum leptin level, lipid profile, and growth in neonates with IUGR.MethodsThis clinical trial was conducted on 70 full-term neonates with IUGR. Neonates were randomly divided into two equal groups; the treatment group: received omega 3 supplement (40 mg/kg/day) for 2 weeks after the establishment of full feeding, and the control group, who were followed up to full feeding without any supplementation. Serum leptin level, total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and anthropometric measurement were evaluated at admission and after 2 weeks of omega 3 supplementation in both groups.ResultsAfter treatment, HDL significantly increased, unlike TC, TG, LDL, LDL, and serum leptin levels, which significantly decreased in the treatment group compared to the control group after treatment. Interestingly, weight, length, and ponderal index greatly increased in omega 3-treated neonates compared to the control group.ConclusionOmega 3 supplementations lowered serum leptin level, TG, TC, LDL, and VLDL but increased HDL and growth in neonates with IUGR.ImpactNeonates with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) were reported to have a high lipid profile that predisposes them to cardiovascular disease later in life. Leptin is a hormone that adjusts dietary intake and body mass and has a significant role in fetal development. Omega 3 is known to be essential for neonatal growth and brain development.We aimed to evaluate the effect of omega 3 supplementation on serum leptin level, lipid profile, and growth in neonates with IUGR.We found that omega 3 supplementations lowered serum leptin level and serum lipid profile but increased high density lipoprotein and growth in neonates with IUGR.
Effectiveness of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Improving the Metabolic and Inflammatory Profiles of Mexican Adults Hospitalized with COVID-19; Background and Objectives: The development of severe COVID-19 is related to the preexistence of comorbidities and an inadequate nutritional status. The latter is a critical factor for the development of infection and the progression of the disease. Notably, optimal nutrition impacts immune system function, as malnutrition is related to high cytokine levels in the late phase of the disease, correlating with a poor prognosis. In this sense, omega-3 fatty acids (O3FAs) have anti-inflammatory properties that may reduce morbidity and mortality from COVID-19 infection. O3FAs are linked to a better prognosis in COVID-19 patients. Materials and Methods: In this randomized, double-blind clinical trial, we evaluate the administration of O3FAs to unvaccinated Mexican patients for two weeks starting after the first two hours of hospitalization. Results: The findings support the notion that O3FAs (in a dose high enough to satisfy human physiological requirements in a short time, one capsule of 1.4 g O3FAs daily) exert a comprehensive multi-systemic modulatory influence, affecting inflammatory and metabolic pathways. Significant perturbations in biomarkers, including absolute neutrophil count, hematocrit, and platelet indices, underscore the compound's anti-inflammatory effect. Concurrently, the intervention modulates pivotal metabolic and hepatic parameters, attenuating cardiovascular risk profiles and expediting patient convalescence. These multifarious effects are likely orchestrated through intricate biochemical mechanisms and are subject to individual variations predicated on metabolic factors. Conclusions: The results of this trial support the notion that O3FA supplementation has beneficial effects on COVID-19 patients with moderate presentation by regulating metabolism and limiting inflammation.
<i>N</i>-3 fatty acids improve body composition and insulin sensitivity during energy restriction in the rat; The hypothesis that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) could contribute to maintain muscle mass during energy restriction aiming to weight loss was tested in the rat, with special attention paid to insulin signalling. After 10 weeks on a diet rich in lipids and sucrose, male rats were energy restricted and fed diets rich in 18:1 n-9 (OLE), 18:3 n-3 (ALA) or n-3 long-chain (LC, > 18 carbons) PUFA. After 4 weeks, they were killed after an insulin injection. Red blood cells, liver, and Gastrocnemius muscle were enriched in ALA in the ALA group, and in LC-PUFA in the ALA and LC groups. The LC diet resulted in a higher weight loss, without negative impact on the muscle weight. In parallel, hepatic phosphorylation of insulin receptor and IRS1 was the highest in this group. This suggests that the trend we observed in the preservation of protein homeostasis in the LC group is mediated, at least partly, by an enhancement of the early steps of insulin signalling resulting from cell membrane enrichment in n-3 PUFA. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
DIETARY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS INHIBIT ISCHEMIC AND EXCITOTOXIC BRAIN-DAMAGE IN THE RAT; Arachidonic acid [20:4(N-6)] has been implicated in neurological damage induced by cerebral ischaemia. Membrane arachidonate concentrations can be reduced by changes in dietary fat intake. Therefore, in the present study, we have investigated the effects of N-3 fatty acid supplementation on neuronal damage induced by permanent focal cerebral ischaemia or pharmacological activation of striatal NMDA receptors. Weanling rats were fed either a control diet or an N-3 supplemented diet (1.75% by weight as N-3 fatty acids) for 6 weeks. N-3-supplemented animals reduced ischaemic damage following middle cerebral artery occlusion (36%, p < 0.05), and excitotoxic damage induced by infusion of the selective NMDA agonist (1-aminocyclobutane-cis-1,3-dicarboxylic acid, 43%, p < 0.001) compared to the control-fed group. These data are consistent with the proposed role of arachidonic acid in ischaemic and excitotoxic brain damage, and suggest that modest dietary supplementation with N-3 fatty acids may offer benefit to populations at high risk of stroke.
The polyunsaturated fatty acids, EPA and DHA, ameliorate myocardial infarction-induced heart failure by inhibiting p300-HAT activity in rats; While the cardioprotective functions of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids have been previously demonstrated, little is known about their effects on cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. In this study, we compared the effects of EPA and DHA on hypertrophic responses in cardiomyocytes and development of heart failure in rats with myocardial infarction (MI). Both EPA and DHA significantly suppressed phenylephrine-and p300-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, transcription of hypertrophy response genes, and acetylation of histone H3K9 in cardiomyocytes. EPA and DHA directly inhibited p300-histone acetyltransferase activity (IC50: 37.8 and 30.6 mu M, respectively). Further, EPA-and DHA-induced allosteric inhibition of histones and competitive inhibition of acetyl-CoA, and significantly prevented p300-induced hypertrophic responses. Rats with moderate MI (left ventricular fractional shortening [FS] < 40%) were randomly assigned to three groups, namely, vehicle (saline), EPA (1 g/kg), and DHA (1 g/kg). One week after the operation, rats were orally administrated with test agents for 6 weeks. Echocardiographic analysis demonstrated that both EPA and DHA treatments preserved FS and prevented MI-induced left ventricular remodeling. Furthermore, EPA and DHA significantly suppressed the MI-induced increase in myocardial cell diameter, perivascular fibrosis, mRNA levels of hypertrophic markers, fibrosis, and acetylation of histone H3K9. The effects on hypertrophic responses and the development of heart failure were not different between EPA and DHA groups. Both EPA and DHA suppressed hypertrophic responses and the development of heart failure to the same extent through the inhibition of p300-HAT activity. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of icosapent ethyl on susceptibility to ventricular arrhythmias in postinfarcted rat hearts: Role of GPR120-mediated connexin43 phosphorylation; The omega-3 fatty acids exert as an antioxidant via the G protein-coupled receptor 120 (GPR120). Icosapent ethyl, a purified eicosapentaenoic acid, showed a marked reduction in sudden cardiac death. Connexin43 is sensitive to redox status. We assessed whether icosapent ethyl attenuates fatal arrhythmias after myocardial infarction, a status of high oxidative stress, through increased connexin43 expression and whether the GPR120 signalling is involved in the protection. Male Wistar rats after ligating coronary artery were assigned to either vehicle or icosapent ethyl for 4 weeks. The postinfarction period was associated with increased oxidative-nitrosative stress. In concert, myocardial connexin43 levels revealed a significant decrease in vehicle-treated infarcted rats compared with sham. These changes of oxidative-nitrosative stress and connexin43 levels were blunted after icosapent ethyl administration. Provocative arrhythmias in the infarcted rats treated with icosapent ethyl were significantly improved than vehicle. Icosapent ethyl significantly increased GPR120 compared to vehicle after infarction. The effects of icosapent ethyl on superoxide and connexin43 were similar to GPR120 agonist GW9508. Besides, the effects of icosapent ethyl on oxidative-nitrosative stress and connexin43 phosphorylation were abolished by administering AH-7614, an inhibitor of GPR120. SIN-1 abolished the Cx43 phosphorylation of icosapent ethyl without affecting GPR120 levels. Taken together, chronic use of icosapent ethyl after infarction is associated with up-regulation of connexin43 phosphorylation through a GPR120-dependent antioxidant pathway and thus plays a beneficial effect on arrhythmogenic response to programmed electrical stimulation.
SERUM CONCENTRATIONS OF MATRIX METALLOPROTEINASE-9, TISSUE INHIBITOR OF MATRIX METALLOPROTEINASE-1 AND A<sub>2</sub>-MACROGLOBULIN IN HEALTHY SUBJECTS AFTER SUPPLEMENTATION WITH DIFFERENT DOSES OF MARINE N-3 FATTY ACIDS; Objective: Extracellular matrix modification by matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases-1 (TIMP-1) and alpha(2)-macroglobulin may affect the stability of atherosclerotic plaques. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may protect against plaque rupture. The aim was to investigate the effect of marine n-3 PUFA supplementation on serum levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1, and alpha(2)-macroglobulin. Methods: Healthy volunteers were randomized to receive capsules contributing either 6.6 g marine n-3 PUFA/day, 2.0 g marine n-3 PUFA/day or 6.6 g of olive oil (control). Serum MMP-9, TIMP-1 and alpha(2)-macroglobulin was measured at baseline and after 12 weeks of supplementation. One way ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis test was used to compare groups. Results: 60 healthy volunteers were enrolled and no subjects dropped out of the 12 week study. There were no statistically significant changes in serum levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1, and alpha(2)-macroglobulin in any of the three treatment groups (P=0.85, P=0.23 and P=0.87, respectively). Conclusion: Supplementation with marine n-3 PUFA had no effect on serum levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1 and alpha(2)-macroglobulin in healthy subjects. The possible protection offered by marine n-3 PUFA against plaque rupture is therefore unlikely to be mediated through a change in serum levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1 and alpha(2)-macroglobulin.
Dietary consumption patterns in breast cancer survivors: Pilot evaluation of diet, supplements and clinical factors; Purpose: Adherence to dietary intake guidelines is recommended for optimal nutrition and outcomes in breast cancer survivors. The purpose of this study was to examine dietary quality in a cohort of breast cancer survivors related to current guidelines, guiding further education-based research. Methods: This exploratory evaluation examined compliance with current dietary guidelines. Data collected included demographics, medical histories and repeated, three-day 24-h dietary recalls. Women with early-stage breast cancer (n = 97) who completed breast cancer treatment between 6 and 24 months were recruited. Descriptive statistics and frequencies were calculated for demographic and lifestyle characteristics, reported fish consumption, body mass index categories, supplement consumption, and adequacy of macronutrient and micronutrient consumption (classified as below, meeting, or exceeding needs). Results: In this cohort, 28.9% were classified as overweight and 35% were obese. The mean dietary macronutrient consumption was 44.3% (+/- 8.9%) carbohydrates, 36.6% (+/- 7.3%) fat, and 17.3% (+/- 4.7%) protein. Additionally, 32.3% participants consumed >45 g sugar/d. The mean n-6 to n-3 ratio was 8.0 (+/- 3.3):1. Further, 38% of survivors reported consuming less than 1 serving of fish per week. Participants consumed between 0 and 1.03 servings of fish per day, with an average consumption of 0.16 (+/- 0.26) servings per day and 61.5% (n = 59) consuming 0 servings per day. The mean daily combined dietary and supplement consumption of multiple micronutrients was below the Recommended Daily Allowance for Vitamin D (30%), Calcium (52.6%), Magnesium (42.1%), and Vitamin E (80%). Conclusion: Breast cancer survivors 0.5-2 years post-treatment are not meeting recommended nutrition consumption guidelines for a number of nutrients. Findings suggested that nutrition therapy targeting weight loss through reduced sugar, total and saturated fat, while increasing foods rich in omega-3, and ensuring adequate micronutrient consumption would promote better nutritional consumption patterns and improve overall health during survivorship.
Promoting Neurovascular Recovery in Aged Mice after Ischemic Stroke - Prophylactic Effect of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; The aged population is among the highest at risk for ischemic stroke, yet most stroke patients of advanced ages (>80 years) are excluded from access to thrombolytic treatment by tissue plasminogen activator, the only FDA approved pharmacological therapy for stroke victims. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) robustly alleviate ischemic brain injury in young adult rodents, but have not yet been studied in aged animals. This study investigated whether chronic dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFAs protects aging brain against cerebral ischemia and improves long-term neurological outcomes. Aged (18-month-old) mice were administered n-3 PUFA-enriched fish oil in daily chow for 3 months before and up to 8 weeks after 45 minutes of transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO). Sensorimotor outcomes were assessed by cylinder test and corner test up to 35 days and brain repair dynamics evaluated immunohistologically up to 56 days after tMCAO. Mice receiving dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFAs for 3 months showed significant increases in brain ratio of n-3/n-6 PUFA contents, and markedly reduced long-term sensorimotor deficits and chronic ischemic brain tissue loss after tMCAO. Mechanistically, n-3 PUFAs robustly promoted post-ischemic angiogenesis and neurogenesis, and enhanced white matter integrity after tMCAO. The Pearson linear regression analysis revealed that the enhancement of neurogenesis and white matter integrity both correlated positively with improved sensorimotor activities after tMCAO. This study demonstrates that prophylactic dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFAs effectively improves long-term stroke outcomes in aged mice, perhaps by promoting post-stroke brain repair processes such as angiogenesis, neurogenesis, and white matter restoration.
Omega-3 fatty acids in health, nutrition, and disease: Future US market considerations; Dyerberg and Bang's (1982) observation that the lack of cardiovascular disease in Greenland's western shore natives is associated with long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in their diet, led to identification of fish oils as cardioprotective factors. As understanding of these cardioprotective effects increased, scientific groups recommended differing daily intake levels of EPA+DHA. We present a health-driven, new approach to estimating the market value of encapsulated food grade fish oil as well as crude fish oil at four different recommended daily intake levels of EPA+DHA. We introduced the concept of salmon equivalent of specific fish as the ratio of their average percent of EPA+DHA content by weight (grams of EPA+DHA per 100 grams fish) to the 1.2 average percent EPA+DHA content by weight of a 100 gram portion of Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus sp.). Per capita consumption of EPA+DHA in Pacific salmon equivalents and the fraction of food grade fish oil consumed as encapsulated supplements were estimated at all four recommended levels. The ratio of the market values of food grade fish oil consumed as supplements (in the billion dollar range) to the wholesale value of the corresponding crude fish oil (in the tens of million dollar range) was found to be approximately 100:1. The implications of these results regarding the Alaska fish oil production are discussed.
n3-Fatty acids:: Health effects and opportunities to increase intake; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in Europe, the US and a major part of Asia. A variety of risk factors are associated with CVD, including high cholesterol levels, high plasma levels of homocysteine, hypertension, diabetes, low HDL-cholesterol levels and low levels of antioxidants, most of them influenced by diet.
Dietary modulation of endothelial function: implications for cardiovascular disease; The vascular endothelium is the primary site of dysfunction in many diseases, particularly cardiovascular disease. A variety of risk factors, including smoking, hypercholesterolemia, hyperhomocysteinemia, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus, adversely affect endothelial function. Emerging evidence suggests an important role of dietary factors in modulating endothelial function. In particular, n-3 fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins (especially vitamins E and C), folic acid, and L-arginine appear to have beneficial effects on vascular endothelial function, either by decreasing endothelial activation or by improving endothelium-dependent vasodilation in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease as well as in healthy subjects. These effects may serve as one potential mechanism through which these nutrients reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, as observed in epidemiologic studies and several clinical trials. This article reviews clinical and experimental evidence regarding the role of these nutrients in modulating endothelial function and their potential to prevent cardiovascular disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids in high-risk cardiovascular patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Multiple randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have examined the cardiovascular effects of omega-3 fatty acids and have provided unexplained conflicting results. A meta-analysis of these RCTs to estimate efficacy and safety and potential sources of heterogeneity may be helpful.
n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids prevent acute atrial electrophysiological remodeling; Background and Purpose: Recent reports suggest that n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce atrial fibrillation (AF). Reduction of the atrial effective refractory period (ERP) is believed to be an important early remodeling event that favors the development and perpetuation of AF. We hypothesized that n-3 PUFAs would attenuate early atrial electrophysiolgical remodeling in a canine model of acute atrial tachypacing.
The Effects of Doxorubicin-based Chemotherapy and Omega-3 Supplementation on Mouse Brain Lipids; Chemotherapy-induced cognitive impairment affects similar to 30% of breast cancer survivors, but the effects on how chemotherapy impacts brain lipids, and how omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation may confer protection, is unknown. Ovariectomized mice were randomized to two rounds of injections of doxorubicin + cyclophosphamide or vehicle after consuming a diet supplemented with 2% or 0% EPA+DHA, and sacrificed 4, 7, and 14 days after the last injection (study 1, n = 120) or sacrificed 10 days after the last injection (study 2, n = 40). Study 1 whole brain samples were extracted and analyzed by UHPLC-MS/MS to quantify specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs). Lipidomics analyses were performed on hippocampal extracts from study 2 to determine changes in the brain lipidome. Study 1 results: only resolvin D1 was present in all samples, but no differences in concentration were observed (P > 0.05). Study 2 results: chemotherapy was positively correlated with omega-9 fatty acids, and EPA+DHA supplementation helped to maintain levels of plasmalogens. No statistically significant chemotherapy*diet effect was observed. Results demonstrate a limited role of SPMs in the brain post-chemotherapy, but a significant alteration of hippocampal lipids previously associated with other models of cognitive impairment (i.e., Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease).
Intake of Fatty Fish Alters the Size and the Concentration of Lipid Components of HDL Particles and Camelina Sativa Oil Decreases IDL Particle Concentration in Subjects with Impaired Glucose Metabolism; Scope: Intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs affects the lipoprotein subclass profile, whereas the effect of shorter chain n-3 PUFAs remains unclear. We investigated the effect of fish and camelina sativa oil (CSO) intakes on lipoprotein subclasses.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on resting heart rate, heart rate recovery after exercise, and heart rate variability in men with healed myocardial Infarctions and depressed ejection fractions; We explored possible mechanisms by which recommended intakes of omega-3 fatty acids may decrease the risk for sudden cardiac death in patients with documented coronary heart disease. The cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids have been documented in epidemiologic and randomized controlled trials. These fatty acids are presumed to decrease susceptibility to fatal arrhythmias, but whether this is mediated by classic risk factors or direct cardiac mechanisms is not known. Eighteen white men with a history of myocardial infarction and ejection fractions < 40% were randomized to placebo or omega-3 fatty acids (585 mg of docosahexaenoic acid and 225 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid) for two 4-month periods in a crossover design. At the end of each period, heart rate (HR), HR variability, and rate of HR recovery after exercise were determined, as were effects on arterial compliance, blood pressure, cardiac function, and fasting serum levels of lipids and inflammatory markers. Omega-3 fatty acids decreased HR at rest from 73 +/- 13 to 68 +/- 13 beats/min (p < 0.0001) and improved 1-minute HR recovery after exercise (-27 +/- 10 to -32 +/- 12 beats/min, p < 0.01). HR variability in the high-frequency band increased (p < 0.02), but no change was noted in overall HR variability. There were no significant effects on blood pressure, arterial compliance, lipids, or inflammatory markers. These changes are consistent with an increase in vagal activity and may in part explain the observed decrease in risk for sudden cardiac death seen with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Targeting the Brain with a Neuroprotective Omega-3 Fatty Acid to Enhance Neurogenesis in Hypoxic Condition in Culture; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) is an essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) that is required for proper brain development and cerebral functions. While DHA deficiency in the brain was shown to be linked to the emergence of cerebral diseases, a dietary intake of omega-3 PUFA could prevent or attenuate neurologic disturbances linked with aging or neurodegenerative diseases. In this context, targeting the brain with DHA might offer great promise in developing new therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases. We previously synthesized a stabilized form of DHA-containing lysophosphatidylcholine a major vector of DHA transportation to the brain, which is 1-acetyl,2-docoshexaenoyl-glycerophosphocholine, named AceDoPC (R). Injection of AceDoPC (R) or DHA after experimental ischemic stroke showed that both molecules had neuroprotective effects but AceDoPC (R) was the most potent. This study aims to investigate the beneficial effects of DHA either unesterified or esterified within AceDoPC (R) on a model of neurogenesis in vitro, under physiological or pathological conditions. The effect of protectin DX (PDX, a double lipoxygenase product of DHA) was also tested. We cultured neural stem progenitor cells (NSPCs) derived from the adult mouse brain under normal or hypoxigenic (ischemic) conditions in vitro. Neurogenesis study of cell cultures with AceDoPC (R) showed enhanced neurogenesis compared to addition of unesterified DHA, PDX, or vehicle control, especially under pathological conditions. Our studies of the potential mechanisms involved in neuroprotection hinted that AceDoPC (R) neuroprotective and regenerative effects might be due in part to its anti-oxidative effects. These results indicate the potential for novel therapeutics against stroke that target the brain.
Efficacy and Safety of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Patients Treated with Statins for Residual Hypertriglyceridemia: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Cardiovascular risk remains increased despite optimal low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level induced by intensive statin therapy. Therefore, recent guidelines recommend non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) as a secondary target for preventing cardiovascular events. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerability of omega-3 fatty acids (OM3-FAs) in combination with atorvastatin compared to atorvastatin alone in patients with mixed dyslipidemia.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on arterial stiffness in patients with hypertension: a randomized pilot study; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids prevent cardiovascular disease (CVD) events in patients with myocardial infarction or heart failure. Benefits in patients without overt CVD have not been demonstrated, though most studies did not use treatment doses (3.36 g) of omega-3 fatty acids. Arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV) predicts CVD events independent of standard risk factors. However, no therapy has been shown to reduce PWV in a blood pressure-independent manner. We assessed the effects of esterified omega-3 fatty acids on PWV and serum markers of inflammation among patients with hypertension.
Using an erythrocyte fatty acid fingerprint to predict risk of all-cause mortality: the Framingham Offspring Cohort; Background: RBC long-chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) percentages (of total fatty acids) are associated with lower risk for total mortality, but it is unknown if a suite of FAs could improve risk prediction.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Upregulate SIRT1/3, Activate PGC-1α via Deacetylation, and Induce Nrf1 Production in 5/6 Nephrectomy Rat Model; Mitochondrial dysfunction contributes to the pathogenesis of kidney injury related with cardiovascular disease. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha (PGC-1 alpha) protects renal tubular cells by upregulating nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2). AMP-activated protein kinase (pAMPK)-mediated phosphorylation and sirtuin 1/3 (SIRT1/3)-mediated deacetylation are required for PGC-1 alpha activation. In the present study, we aimed to investigate whether omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) regulate the expression of mediators of mitochondrial biogenesis in 5/6 nephrectomy (Nx) rats. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were assigned to the following groups: sham control, Nx, and Nx treated with omega-3 FA. The expression of PGC-1 alpha, phosphorylated PGC-1 alpha (pPGC-1 alpha), acetylated PGC-1 alpha, and factors related to mitochondrial biogenesis was examined through Western blot analysis. Compared to the control group, the expression of PGC-1 alpha, pAMPK, SIRT1/3, Nrf1, mTOR, and Nrf2 was significantly downregulated, and that of Keap 1, acetylated PGC-1 alpha, and FoxO1/3, was significantly upregulated in the Nx group. These changes in protein expression were rescued in the omega-3 FA group. However, the expression of pPGC-1 alpha was similar among the three groups. Omega-3 FAs may involve mitochondrial biogenesis by upregulating Nrf1 and Nrf2. This protective mechanism might be attributed to the increased expression and deacetylation of PGC-1 alpha, which was triggered by SIRT1/3.
Diet and Heart Health: Moderate Wine Drinking Strengthens the Cardioprotective Effects of Fish Consumption; Growing evidence indicates that the Mediterranean diet is beneficial to human health. Many epidemiological and research studies have reported that this diet pattern is able to limit the development and progression of coronary heart disease, one of the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in both developed and developing countries worldwide. There is now a large consensus about recommending Mediterranean diet to reduce atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease and to limit the risk of fatal complications such as sudden cardiac death and heart failure. This review underlines the role of two of the specific components of the Mediterranean diet, namely marine omega-3 fatty acids and wine, and the link between moderate wine consumption and fatty acid profiles.
Major Depressive Disorder Is Associated With Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Low Omega-3 Index; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and major depressive disorder (MDD) are frequent worldwide and have a high comorbidity rate. Omega-3 fatty acids have been suggested as disease modulators for both CVD and MDD. Therefore, we studied whether polyunsaturated fatty acids and the Omega-3 Index may represent markers for assessment of the cardiovascular risk in somatically healthy patients suffering from MDD.
The salt stress-induced LPA response in <i>Chlamydomonas</i> is produced via PLA<sub>2</sub> hydrolysis of DGK-generated phosphatidic acid; The unicellular green alga Chlamydomonas has frequently been used as a eukaryotic model system to study intracellular phospholipid signaling pathways in response to environmental stresses. Earlier, we found that hypersalinity induced a rapid increase in the putative lipid second messenger, phosphatidic acid (PA), which was suggested to be generated via activation of a phospholipase D (PLD) pathway and the combined action of a phospholipase C/diacylglycerol kinase (PLC/DGK) pathway. Lysophosphatidic acid (LPA) was also increased and was suggested to reflect a phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) activity based on pharmacological evidence. The question of PA's and LPA's origin is, however, more complicated, especially as both function as precursors in the biosynthesis of phospho-and galactolipids. To address this complexity, a combination of fatty acid-molecular species analysis and in vivo P-32-radiolabeling was performed. Evidence is provided that LPA is formed from a distinct pool of PA characterized by a high alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) content. This molecular species was highly enriched in the polyphosphoinositide fraction, which is the substrate for PLC to form diacylglycerol. Together with differential P-32-radiolabeling studies and earlier PLD-trans-phosphatidylation and PLA(2)-inhibitor assays, the data were consistent with the hypothesis that the salt-induced LPA response is primarily generated through PLA(2)-mediated hydrolysis of DGK-generated PA and that PLD or de novo synthesis [via endoplasmic reticulum - or plastid-localized routes] is not a major contributor.-Arisz, S. A. and T. Munnik. The salt stress-induced LPA response in Chlamydomonas is produced via PLA(2) hydrolysis of DGK-generated phosphatidic acid. J. Lipid Res. 2011. 52: 2012-2020.
Bioactive food compounds as adjuvants to breast cancer treatment: vitamin D and omega-3; Introduction: breast cancer (BC) is the most commonly diagnosed tumor in women and it continues to be the leading cause of cancer death in women. Quality of life decreases significantly during treatment and in the survivors. There is growing evidence linking the intake of certain foods, or their bioactive compounds, with better prognosis of the disease or improvements in physiological parameters that can increase BC patients' quality of life. But there are hardly any reviews to clarify the scientific evidence.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Ethyl-Ester Omega-3 Fatty Acid in Taiwanese Hypertriglyceridemic Patients; Aim: Information regarding the effects of omega-3 fatty acid on hypertriglyceridemic patients in Chinese is still limited. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of Omacor (R), a prescription ethyl-ester omega-3 fatty acid for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia, administered at doses of 2 g/day and 4 g/day to Taiwanese hypertriglyceridemic patients.
Protective effect of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on L-arginine-induced nephrotoxicity and oxidative damage in rat kidney; L-Arginine (ARG), an essential amino acid, is the endogenous source of the deleterious nitric oxide. Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-enriched fish oil (FO) has been shown to reduce the severity of certain types of cancers, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease. Present study examined whether feeding of FO/flaxseed oil (FXO) would have protective effect against ARG-induced nephrotoxicity. ARG-induced nephrotoxicity was recorded by increased serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen. ARG significantly altered the activities of metabolic and brush border membrane (BBM) enzymes. ARG caused significant imbalances in the antioxidant system. These alterations were associated with increased lipid peroxidation (LPO) and altered antioxidant enzyme activities. Feeding of FO and FXO with ARG ameliorated the changes in various parameters caused by ARG. Nephrotoxicity parameters lowered and enzyme activities of carbohydrate metabolism, BBM and inorganic phosphate (32Pi) transport were improved to near control values. ARG-induced LPO declined and antioxidant defense mechanism was strengthened by both FO and FXO alike. The results of the present study suggest that omega-3 PUFA-enriched FO and FXO from seafoods and plant sources, respectively, are similarly effective in reducing ARG-induced nephrotoxicity and oxidative damage. Thus, vegetarians who cannot consume FO can have similar health benefits from plant-derived omega-3 PUFA.
International Society for Nutritional Psychiatry Research Practice Guidelines for Omega-3 Fatty Acids in the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder; Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a complex mental illness with unmet therapeutic needs. The antidepressant effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been widely reported. The subcommittee of the International Society for Nutritional Psychiatry Research organized an expert panel and conducted a literature review and a Delphi process to develop a consensus-based practice guideline for clinical use of n-3 PUFAs in MDD. The guideline focuses on 5 thematic areas: general concepts, acute treatment strategy, depression recurrence monitoring and prevention, use in special populations, and potential safety issues. The key practice guidelines contend that: (1) clinicians and other practitioners are advised to conduct a clinical interview to validate clinical diagnoses, physical conditions, and measurement-based psychopathological assessments in the therapeutic settings when recommending n-3 PUFAs in depression treatment; (2) with respect to formulation and dosage, both pure eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or an EPA/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) combination of a ratio higher than 2 (EPA/DHA >2) are considered effective, and the recommended dosages should be 1-2 g of net EPA daily, from either pure EPA or an EPA/DHA (>2:1) formula; (3) the quality of n-3 PUFAs may affect therapeutic activity; and (4) potential adverse effects, such as gastrointestinal and dermatological conditions, should be monitored, as well as obtaining comprehensive metabolic panels. The expert consensus panel has agreed on using n-3 PUFAs in MDD treatment for pregnant women, children, and the elderly, and prevention in high-risk populations. Personalizing the clinical application of n-3 PUFAs in subgroups of MDD with a low Omega-3 Index or high levels of inflammatory markers might be regarded as areas that deserve future research.
UK Food Standards Agency Workshop Report:: the effects of the dietary <i>n</i>-6:<i>n</i>-3 fatty acid ratio on cardiovascular health; This report summarises a workshop convened by the UK Food Standards Agency (FSA) on 11 September 2006 to review the results of three FSA-funded studies and other recent research on effects of the dietary n-6:n-3 fatty acid ratio on cardiovascular health. The objective of this workshop was to reach a clear conclusion on whether or not it was worth funding any further research in this area. On the basis of this review of the experimental evidence and on theoretical grounds, it was concluded that the n-6:n-3 fatty acid ratio is not a useful concept and that it distracts attention away from increasing absolute intakes of long-chain n-3 fatty acids which have been shown to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular health. Other markers of fatty acid intake, that more closely relate to physiological function, may be more useful.
Adipose tissue triglyceride fatty acids and atherosclerosis in Alaska Natives and non-Natives; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of the omega-3 family are believed to protect against cardiovascular disease. A rich source of omega-3 PUFA is found in fish and marine mammals (seat, walrus, whale), which are a large part of the traditional diet of Alaska Natives (Eskimo, American Indians, Aleuts), a group that has been reported to have a lower mortality rate from cardiovascular disease than non-Natives.
Impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on assisted reproductive technology outcomes: a systematic review; This review explores the impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology (ART) on reproductive outcomes. A systematic search of English peer-reviewed journals was carried out using MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library to identify articles published from January 1978 to 2021. The primary outcomes assessed included pregnancy and live birth rates. Secondary outcome measures included: (i) implantation rate; (ii) fertilisation rate; (iii) number of oocytes retrieved; (iv) number of metaphase II (MII) oocytes; (v) blastocyst conversion; and (vi) embryo quality. A total of 4 randomised control trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria. There is a lack of high-quality research to support widespread dietary supplementation with PUFAs in women undergoing ART. Prior to its clinical recommendation, there is a need for well-designed RCTs to facilitate an in-depth understanding of PUFA supplementation in women undergoing ART.
Fructose, Omega 3 Fatty Acids, and Vitamin E: Involvement in Pediatric Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is currently the most common form of liver disease in both adults and children, becoming the leading cause for liver transplant in many countries. Its prevalence has increased considerably in recent years, mainly due to the explosive increase in pediatric obesity rates. NAFLD is strongly associated with central obesity, diabetes, dyslipidemia and insulin resistance, and it has been considered as the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. Its complex pathophysiology involves a series of metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress processes, among others. Given the sharp increase in the prevalence of NAFLD and the lack of an appropriate pharmacological approach, it is crucial to consider the prevention/management of the disease based on lifestyle modifications such as the adoption of a healthy nutrition pattern. Herein, we review the literature and discuss the role of three key nutrients involved in pediatric NAFLD: fructose and its participation in metabolism, Omega-3 fatty acids and its anti-inflammatory effects and vitamin E and its action on oxidative stress.
Combination pharmacotherapy in lipid management; Latest guidelines on lipid management recommend statins as the first-line therapy. Because limited evidence is available on cardiovascular outcomes with varying statin-nonstatin combinations, recommendation levels for these regimens have been weak. However, a recent trial has demonstrated the additive effect of the statin-ezetimibe combination. The statin-fibrate combination has shown an effect in certain subgroups and on diabetic microangiopathy. Recent trials using the statin-niacin combination have been largely negative, whereas the statin-omega-3 fatty acids combination demonstrated a positive effect only in one study. Identifying the benefits and limitations of each combination is important for the best possible management of patients.
Effect of Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids Added to Statin Therapy on Coronary Artery Plaque in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background-Although statins reduce cardiovascular events, residual risk remains. Therefore, additional modalities are needed to reduce risk. We evaluated the effect of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in pharmacologic doses added to statin treatment on coronary artery plaque volume.
Novel regulatory roles of omega-3 fatty acids in metabolic pathways: a proteomics approach; Background: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have been shown to alleviate the symptoms of metabolic disorders, such as heart disease, diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance. Several putative mechanisms by which n-3 PUFA elicit beneficial health effects have been proposed; however, there is still a shortage of knowledge on the proteins and pathways that are regulated by n-3 PUFA.
Feeding co-extruded flaxseed to pigs: Effects of duration and feeding level on growth performance and backfat fatty acid composition of grower-finisher pigs; To examine the effect of co-extrusion on subsequent n-3 fatty acids in pig tissues, 8 pigs (barrows and gilts) were assigned to either a control treatment or one of nine treatments arranged in a 3 x 3 factorial design with 3 levels of co-extruded flaxseed (5%, 10% and 15%) and 3 durations of feeding (4, 8 and 12 weeks). Feed conversion improved slightly (P = 0.01) with increasing dietary flaxseed but feeding flax for more than 8 weeks reduced average daily gain (P = 0.02). In general, the duration and level of coextruded flaxseed feeding affected (P < 0.05) most fatty acids except for 22:6n-3 (P > 0.05). Increasing the duration of flax feeding led to significant quadratic effects in backfat 18:3n-3 (P < 0.001) and total n-3 fatty acids (P=0.002) when feeding 5% co-extruded flaxseed. Those increases were linear (P<0.001) when feeding 10% and 15% co-extruded flaxseed. Consequently feeding higher levels of flax for shorter periods vs. lower levels for longer periods appears to be more efficient at increasing n-3 fatty acids in pig backfat, but increases appeared to be less consistent. Moreover the addition of a 50:50 mix of extruded flax/peas to pig diets provided a highly available source of 18:3n-3 yielding n-3 fatty acid enrichments in backfat comparable to Studies where extracted flaxseed oil was fed. Feeding flax coextruded with field peas can be used to optimize consistent enrichments of n-3 fatty acids in back fat and relatively small amounts of this fat could be used to manufacture pork products to meet Canadian standards for n-3 fatty acid enrichment. Crown Copyright (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Obesity-associated alterations in cardiac connexin-43 and PKC signaling are attenuated by melatonin and omega-3 fatty acids in female rats; We aimed to explore whether specific high-sucrose intake in older female rats affects myocardial electrical coupling protein, connexin-43 (Cx43), protein kinase C (PKC) signaling, miR-1 and miR-30a expression, and susceptibility of the heart to malignant arrhythmias. Possible benefit of the supplementation with melatonin (40 mu g/ml/day) and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omacor, 25g/kg of rat chow) was examined as well. Results have shown that 8weeks lasting intake of 30% sucrose solution increased serum cholesterol, triglycerides, body weight, heart weight, and retroperitoneal adipose tissues. It was accompanied by downregulation of cardiac Cx43 and PKC epsilon signaling along with an upregulation of myocardial PKC and miR-30a rendering the heart prone to ventricular arrhythmias. There was a clear benefit of melatonin or omega-3 PUFA supplementation due to their antiarrhythmic effects associated with the attenuation of myocardial Cx43, PKC, and miR-30a abnormalities as well as adiposity. The potential impact of these findings may be considerable, and suggests that high-sucrose intake impairs myocardial signaling mediated by Cx43 and PKC contributing to increased susceptibility of the older obese female rat hearts to malignant arrhythmias.
A Meta-Analysis of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation; Objectives: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with higher health care costs. Although omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have been associated with a decreased risk of coronary heart disease, their effects on the risk of AF are inconsistent. We therefore sought to review the relation between n-3 fatty acids and the risk of AF.
A review of omega-3 ethyl esters for cardiovascular prevention and treatment of increased blood triglyceride levels; The two marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), prevalent in fish and fish oils, have been investigated as a strategy towards prophylaxis of atherosclerosis. While the results with fish and fish oils have been not as clear cut, the data generated with the purified ethyl ester forms of these two fatty acids are consistent. Although slight differences in biological activity exist between EPA and DHA, both exert a number of positive actions against atherosclerosis and its complications. EPA and DHA as ethyl esters inhibit platelet aggregability, and reduce serum triglycerides, while leaving other serum lipids essentially unaltered. Glucose metabolism has been studied extensively, and no adverse effects were seen. Pro-atherogenic cytokines are reduced, as are markers of endothelial activation. Endothelial function is improved, vascular occlusion is reduced, and the course of coronary atherosclerosis is mitigated. Heart rate is reduced, and heart rate variability is increased by EPA and DHA. An antiarrhythmic effect can be demonstrated on the supraventricular and the ventricular level. More importantly, two large studies showed reductions in clinical endpoints like sudden cardiac death or major adverse cardiac events. As a consequence, relevant cardiac societies recommend using 1 g/day of EPA and DHA for cardiovascular prevention, after a myocardial infarction and for prevention of sudden cardiac death.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular diseases; An expert round table discussion on the relationship between intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) mainly of marine sources and coronary heart disease at the 34th Annual Scientific Meeting of European Society for Clinical Investigation came to the following conclusions:
Safety of the omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in psychiatric patients: Results from a randomized, placebo-controlled trial; Omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), are increasingly being used by psychiatric patients. Most studies have concentrated on efficacy aspects, while little is known about their safety and tolerability in psychiatric populations. This study aimed to assess the effects of EPA treatment on body mass, glucose metabolism, lipid profiles, prolactin secretion, bleeding time, haematology and liver functions. Eighty-four subjects with schizophrenia were treated with either EPA 2 g/day or placebo in addition to their antipsychotic medication for 12 weeks, in a randomized, controlled trial. Forty-seven entered a 40-week open-label extension phase of EPA 2 g/day. Seventy-four patients were included in the analysis. Six patients discontinued from the EPA group and 14 in the placebo group. Adverse event reporting was similar for the two groups. While there were no significant between-group differences, in the blinded phase the EPA group showed a significant increase in body mass index (BMI) and bleeding time. In the open-label extension, there was again a modest increase in BMI. Total cholesterol and HDL levels were significantly decreased. EPA 2 g/day is generally well tolerated. Clinicians should be aware of possible increases in bleeding time, as well as changes in weight and lipid metabolism. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of Age, Sex, Body Mass Index and APOE Genotype on Cardiovascular Biomarker Response to an n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation; Objectives: To test whether age, sex, body mass index (BMI), and the apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotype are associated with the metabolic response to an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation. Methods: 210 subjects followed a 2-week run-in period based on Canada's Food Guide and underwent a 6-week 5 g/day fish oil supplementation (1.9 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and 1.1 g of docosahexaenoic acid). Cardiovascular disease risk factors were measured. Results: n-3 PUFA supplementation was associated with a decrease of plasma triglyceride levels (p = 0.0002) as well as with an increase of fasting glucose (FG) levels (p = 0.02). Age was associated with post-intervention plasma total cholesterol (p = 0.01), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.007), apolipoprotein B (p = 0.04), and insulin (p = 0.002) levels. Sex was associated with post-intervention plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (p = 0.02). BMI was associated with plasma FG (p = 0.02) and insulin levels (p < 0.0001) after the supplementation. APOE genotype was associated with FG (p = 0.001) and C-reactive protein levels (p = 0.03) after the supplementation. Conclusion: Results suggest that age, sex, BMI, and the APOE genotype contribute to the inter-individual variability observed in the metabolic response to an n-3 PUFA supplementation. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
The role of nutritional factors on the structure and function of the brain: an update on dietary requirements.; The brain is an organ elaborated and functioning from substances present in the diet. Dietary regulation of blood glucose level (via ingestion of food with a low glycemic index ensuring a low insulin level) improves the quality and duration of intellectual performance, if only because at rest the adult brain consumes 50 p. 100 of dietary carbohydrates, 80 p. 100 of them for energy purposes. The nature of the amino acid composition of dietary proteins contributes to good cerebral function; tryptophan plays a special role. Many indispensable amino acids present in dietary proteins help to elaborate neurotransmitters and neuromodulators. Omega-3 fatty acids provided the first coherent experimental demonstration of the effect of dietary nutrients on the structure and function of the brain. First it was shown that the differentiation and functioning of cultured brain cells requires omega-3 fatty acids. It was then demonstrated that alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) deficiency alters the course of brain development, perturbs the composition and physicochemical properties of brain cell membranes, neurones, oligodendrocytes, and astrocytes (ALA). This leads to physicochemical modifications, induces biochemical and physiological perturbations, and results in neurosensory and behavioral upset. Consequently, the nature of polyunsaturated fatty acids (in particular omega-3) present in formula milks for infants (premature and term) conditions the visual and cerebral abilities, including intellectual abilities. Moreover, dietary omega-3 fatty acids are certainly involved in the prevention of some aspects of cardiovascular disease (including at the level of cerebral vascularization), and in some neuropsychiatric disorders, particularly depression, as well as in dementia, notably Alzheimer's disease. Their deficiency can prevent the satisfactory renewal of membranes and thus accelerate cerebral aging. Iron is necessary to ensure oxygenation, to produce energy in the cerebral parenchyma, and for the synthesis of neurotransmiters. The iodine provided by the thyroid hormone ensures the energy metabolism of the cerebral cells. The absence of iodine during pregnancy induces severe cerebral dysfunction, leading to cretinism. Manganese, copper, and zinc participate in enzymatic mechanisms that protect against free radicals, toxic derivatives of oxygen. The use of glucose by nervous tissue implies the presence of vitamin B1. Vitamin B9 preserves memory during aging, and with vitamin B12 delays the onset of signs of dementia, provided it is administered in a precise clinical window, at the onset of the first symptoms. Vitamins B6 and B12, among others, are directly involved in the synthesis of neurotransmitters. Nerve endings contain the highest concentrations of vitamin C in the human body. Among various vitamin E components, only alpha-tocopherol is involved in nervous membranes. The objective of this update is to give an overview of the effects of dietary nutrients on the structure and certain functions of the brain.
Dietary supplementation with long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and weight loss in obese adults; Background: Obesity is associated with elevated levels of inflammation and metabolic abnormalities, with increased risk of developing insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, stroke and CVD. Nutrients that can assist in weight loss may also reduce the risk of obesity related co-morbidities.
Fish oils in the care of coronary heart disease patients: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; What is the place of fish oils in the care of coronary heart disease (CHD) patients? As several clinical trials have already addressed this question without giving definitive answers, we did a meta-analysis of trials regarding the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in preventing cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. We searched the MEDLINE (1966-2003), EMBASE databases, proceedings abstracts and references of reviewed articles. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids among adults with recent or acute myocardial infarction (MI), or angina were selected. Two reviewers abstracted data independently. Five relevant outcomes, mortality from all causes, fatal and non-fatal MI, non-fatal stroke and angina, were measured. Data were synthesized using a fixed effect model. Ten RCTs with 14 72 7 patients were included. No significant heterogeneity was detected. Daily intake of omega-3 fatty acids for a mean duration of 3 7 months decreased all causes of mortality by 16% (relative risk 0.84, 95% confidence interval [0.76; 0.94]) and the incidence of death due to MI by 24% (0.76, [0.66; 0.88]). No significant effect was found for the other outcomes. Because of the suboptimal quality of the studies included into the meta-analysis and the absence of data in patients receiving statins, these results do not justify adding fish oils systematically to the heavy pharmaceutical assortment already recommended in CHD patients.
Long-term influence of diet and/or omega-3 fatty acids on matrix metalloproteinase-9 and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in men at high risk of coronary heart disease; Background. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are important in the atherosclerotic process. The relationship between MMPs and traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and any influence of lifestyle changes are largely unknown. Objectives. In a factorial design, we studied the effects of 3 years of dietary counselling and/or n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d) on the levels of MMP-9, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase (TIMP-1) and pregnancy-associated plasma protein (PAPP-A) in a population of elderly men at high risk of CVD (n=563, age 70 +/- 6 years). We further explored the association between these markers and different disease entities, carotid intima media thickness (IMT) and traditional risk factors for CVD. Results. Smokers had significantly higher levels of MMP-9 (p < 0.0001), and TIMP-1 levels were lower in subjects with previous AMI (p = 0.021). MMP-9 was significantly correlated with LDL-C and inversely with HDL-C (both p < 0.0001). There were no significant correlations between the measured variables and IMT. Significant reductions in MMP- 9 and PAPP-A levels after 36 months were found in all study groups, however, with no between-group differences. Conclusions. The elevated levels of MMP- 9 in smokers and the reduced levels of TIMP-1 in patients with previous AMI reflect an importance of MMPs in the development of CVD. Intervention with diet and/or n-3 PUFA supplementation did not influence the levels of MMP- 9, TIMP-1 or PAPP-A in the present population.
Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) Impedes Silica-Induced Macrophage Corpse Accumulation by Attenuating Cell Death and Potentiating Efferocytosis; Airway exposure of lupus-prone NZBWF1 mice to crystalline silica (cSiO(2)), a known trigger of human autoimmune disease, elicits sterile inflammation and alveolar macrophage death in the lung that, in turn, induces early autoimmune onset and accelerates lupus progression to fatal glomerulonephritis. Dietary supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), markedly ameliorates cSiO(2)-triggered pulmonary, systemic, and renal manifestations of lupus. Here, we tested the hypothesis that DHA influences both cSiO(2)-induced death and efferocytotic clearance of resultant cell corpses using three murine macrophage models: (i) primary alveolar macrophages (AM) isolated from NZBWF1 mice; (ii) self-renewing AM-like Max Planck Institute (MPI) cells isolated from fetuses of C57BL/6 mice, and (iii) RAW 264.7 murine macrophages, a virus-transformed cell line derived from BALB/c mice stably transfected with the inflammasome adaptor protein ASC (RAW-ASC). Incubation with cSiO(2)at 25 and 50 mu g/ml for 6 h was found to dose-dependently induce cell death (p< 0.05) in all three models as determined by both acridine orange/propidium iodide staining and release of lactate dehydrogenase into cell culture supernatant. Pre-incubation with DHA at a physiologically relevant concentration (25 mu M) significantly reduced cSiO(2)-induced death (p< 0.05) in all three models. Cell death induction by cSiO(2)alone and its suppression by DHA were primarily associated with caspase-3/7 activation, suggestive of apoptosis, in AM, MPI, and RAW-ASC cells. Fluorescence microscopy revealed that all three macrophage models were similarly capable of efferocytosing RAW-ASC target cell corpses. Furthermore, MPI effector cells could likewise engulf RAW-ASC target cell corpses elicited by treatment with staurosporine (apoptosis), LPS, and nigericin (pyroptosis), or cSiO(2). Pre-incubation of RAW-ASC target cells with 25 mu M DHA prior to death induced by these agents significantly enhanced their efferocytosis (p< 0.05) by MPI effector cells. In contrast, pre-incubating MPI effector cells with DHA did not affect engulfment of RAW-ASC target cells pre-incubated with vehicle. Taken together, these findings indicate that DHA at a physiologically relevant concentration was capable of attenuating macrophage death and could potentiate efferocytosis, with the net effect of reducing accumulation of cell corpses capable of eliciting autoimmunity.
<i>FADS</i> genotypes and desaturase activity estimated by the ratio of arachidonic acid to linoleic acid are associated with inflammation and coronary artery disease; Background: The delta-5 and delta-6 desaturases, encoded by FADS1 and FADS2 genes, are key enzymes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism that catalyze the conversion of linoleic acid (LA) into arachidonic acid (AA) and that of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) into eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in FADS1 and FADS2 have been associated with different concentrations of AA and LA, and those associations have possible functional consequences for desaturase activity.
Novel functional sets of lipid-derived mediators with antiinflammatory actions generated from omega-3 fatty acids via cyclooxygenase 2-nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs and transcellular processing; Aspirin therapy inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis without directly acting on lipoxygenases, yet via acetylation of cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) it leads to bioactive Lipoxins (LXs) epimeric at carbon 15 (15-epi-LX, also termed aspirin-triggered LX [ATL]). Here, we report that inflammatory exudates from mice treated with omega -3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and aspirin (ASA) generate a novel array of bioactive lipid signals. Human endothelial cells with upregulated COX-2 treated with ASA converted C20:5 omega -3 to 18R-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid (HEPE) and 15R-HEPE. Each was used by polymorphonuclear leukocytes to generate separate classes of novel trihydroxy-containing mediators, including 5-series 15R-LX5 and 5,12,18R-triHEPE. These new compounds proved to be potent inhibitors of human polymorphonuclear leukocyte transendothelial migration and infiltration in vivo (ATL analogue > 5,12,18R-triHEPE > 18R-HEPE). Acetaminophen and indomethacin also permitted 18R-HEPE and 15R-HEPE generation with recombinant COX-2 as well as omega -5 and omega -9 oxygenations of other fatty acids that act on hematologic cells. These findings establish new transcellular routes for producing arrays of bioactive lipid mediators via COX-2-nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug-dependent oxygenations and cell-cell interactions that impact microinflammation. The generation of these and related compounds provides a novel mechanism(s) for the therapeutic benefits of omega -3 dietary supplementation, which may be important in inflammation, neoplasia, and vascular diseases.
Intake of Fish and n-3 Fatty Acids and Future Risk of Metabolic Syndrome; Background Whether or not fish and n-3 fatty acid intake is associated with the metabolic syndrome risk has not been carefully evaluated. This study investigated the effect of fish and n-3 fatty acid intake on the incidence of metabolic syndrome and on the individual risk factors for the syndrome.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on TH1/TH2 polarization in individuals with high exposure to particulate matter ≤ 2.5 μm (PM2.5): a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study; Background: Long-term exposure to high concentrations of PM2.5 may cause immune system dysfunction and damage to the respiratory and cardiovascular systems. PM2.5 may cause CD4 + T helper cells to polarize toward TH1 or TH2 cell types, which may be associated with the onset and progression of many human diseases. Recent studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids can regulate human immune function and reduce physiological damage caused by air pollution; however, only limited research has examined the therapeutic effects of omega-3 fatty acids on subjects with high exposure to PM2.5 in mass transit systems such as subways.
The ω-3 fatty acids for Prevention of Post-Operative Atrial Fibrillation trial-rationale and design; Postoperative atrial fibrillation/flutter (PoAF) commonly complicates cardiac surgery, occurring in 25% to 60% of patients. Postoperative atrial fibrillation/flutter is associated with significant morbidity, higher long-term mortality, and increased health care costs. Novel preventive therapies are clearly needed. In experiments and short-term trials, seafood-derived long-chain.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) influence several risk factors that might reduce risk of PoAF. A few small and generally underpowered trials have evaluated effects of omega-3-PUFAs supplementation on PoAF with mixed results. The OPERA trial is an appropriately powered, investigator-initiated, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational trial to determine whether perioperative oral omega-3-PUFAs reduces occurrence of PoAF in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. Additional aims include evaluation of resource use, biologic pathways and mechanisms, postoperative cognitive decline, and safety. Broad inclusion criteria encompass a "real-world" population of outpatients and inpatients scheduled for cardiac surgery. Treatment comprises a total preoperative loading dose of 8 to 10 g of omega-3-PUFAs or placebo divided over 2 to 5 days, followed by 2 g/d until hospital discharge or postoperative day 10, whichever comes first. Based on anticipated 30% event rate in controls, total enrollment of 1,516 patients (758 per treatment arm) will provide 90% power to detect 25% reduction in PoAF. The OPERA trial will provide invaluable evidence to inform biologic pathways; proof of concept that omega-3-PUFAs influence cardiac arrhythmias; and potential regulatory standards and clinical use of this simple, inexpensive, and low-risk intervention to prevent PoAF. (Am Heart J 2011;162:56-63.e3.)
Colitis-associated colon tumorigenesis is suppressed in transgenic mice rich in endogenous <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in USA. Anti-inflammatory drugs were shown to be effective in the prevention of CRC, supporting a link between inflammation and tumorigenesis in the colon. However, due to their side effects, long-term administration of these drugs for CRC prevention is not feasible. An increased tissue content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) can dampen colon inflammation in animals as well as in humans. Whether increasing colon tissue n-3 PUFA alone is effective in preventing colon tumorigenesis remains to be investigated. Here we show that endogenously increased tissue levels of n-3 PUFA in the fat-1 transgenic mouse model lower incidence and growth rate of colon tumors induced by inflammation (dextrane sodium sulfate) plus treatment with carcinogen (azoxymethane). This was accompanied by lower activity of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B), higher expression of transforming growth factor beta in the colons and lower expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase in the tumors of fat-1 animals. Our data provide new insight into the mechanism by which n-3 PUFA suppresses tumorigenesis through dampening of inflammation and NF-kappa B activity. These results support a protective role of n-3 PUFA supplementation in the prevention of CRC.
Is marine mammal fat or fish intake most strongly associated with omega-3 blood levels among the Nunavik Inuit?; Here we determined the relationship between red blood cell (RBC) omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) and usual dietary marine food product intake among 630 Nunavik Inuit adults.
ASTROCYTES, NOT NEURONS, PRODUCE DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID (22-6-OMEGA-3) AND ARACHIDONIC-ACID (20-4-OMEGA-6); Elongated, highly polyunsaturated derivatives of linoleic acid (18:2-omega-6) and linolenic acid (18:3-omega-3) accumulate in brain, but their sites of synthesis are not fully characterized. To investigate whether neurons themselves are capable of essential fatty acid elongation and desaturation or are dependent upon the support of other brain cells, primary cultures of rat neurons and astrocytes were incubated with [1-C-14]18:2-omega-6, [1-C-14]20:4-omega-6, [1-C-14]18:3-omega-3, or [1-C-14]20:5-omega-3 and their elongation/desaturation products determined. Neuronal cultures were routinely incapable of producing significant amounts of DELTA-4-desaturase products. They desaturated fatty acids very poorly at every step of the pathway, producing primarily elongation products of the 18- and 20-carbon precursors. In contrast, astrocytes actively elongated and desaturated the 18- and 20-carbon precursors. The major metabolite of 18:2-omega-6 was 20:4-omega-6, whereas the primary products from 18:3-omega-3 were 20:5-omega-3, 22:5-omega-3, and 22:6-omega-3. The majority of the long-chain fatty acids formed by astrocyte cultures, particularly 20:4-omega-6 and 22:6-omega-3, was released into the extracellular fluid. Although incapable of producing 20:4-omega-6 and 22:6-omega-3 from precursor fatty acids, neuronal cultures readily took up these fatty acids from the medium. These findings suggest that astrocytes play an important supportive role in the brain by elongating and desaturating omega-6 and omega-3 essential fatty acid precursors to 20:4-omega-6 and 22:6-omega-3, then releasing the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids for uptake by neurons.
Lipid droplets and polyunsaturated fatty acid trafficking: Balancing life and death; Lipid droplets are fat storage organelles ubiquitously distributed across the eukaryotic kingdom. They have a central role in regulating lipid metabolism and undergo a dynamic turnover of biogenesis and breakdown to meet cellular requirements for fatty acids, including polyunsaturated fatty acids. Polyunsaturated fatty acids esterified in membrane phospholipids define membrane fluidity and can be released by the activity of phospholipases A(2) to act as ligands for nuclear receptors or to be metabolized into a wide spectrum of lipid signaling mediators. Polyunsaturated fatty acids in membrane phospholipids are also highly susceptible to lipid peroxidation, which if left uncontrolled leads to ferroptotic cell death. On the one hand, lipid droplets act as antioxidant organelles that control polyunsaturated fatty acid storage in triglycerides in order to reduce membrane lipid peroxidation, preserve organelle function and prevent cell death, including ferroptosis. On the other hand, lipid droplet breakdown fine-tunes the delivery of polyunsaturated fatty acids into metabolic and signaling pathways, but unrestricted lipid droplet breakdown may also lead to the release of lethal levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Precise regulation of lipid droplet turnover is thus essential for polyunsaturated fatty acid distribution and cellular homeostasis. In this review, we focus on emerging aspects of lipid droplet-mediated regulation of polyunsaturated fatty acid trafficking, including the management of membrane lipid peroxidation, ferroptosis and lipid mediator signaling.
Resolution of inflammation and sepsis survival are improved by dietary Ω-3 fatty acids; Critical conditions such as sepsis following infection or traumatic injury disturb the complex state of homeostasis that may lead to uncontrolled inflammation resulting in organ failure, shock and death. They are associated with endogenous mediators that control the onset of acute inflammatory response, but the central problem remains the complete resolution of inflammation. Omega-3 enriched lipid emulsions (Omega-3(+) LEs) were used in experimental studies and clinical trials to establish homeostasis, yet with little understanding about their role on the resolution of inflammation and tissue regeneration. Here, we demonstrate that Omega-3 lipid emulsions (LEs) orchestrate inflammation-resolution/regeneration mechanism during sterile peritonitis and murine polymicrobial sepsis. Omega-3(+) LEs recessed neutrophil infiltration, reduced pro-inflammatory mediators, reduced the classical monocyte and enhanced the non-classical monocytes/macrophages recruitment and finally increased the efferocytosis in sepsis. The actions of Omega-3(+) LE were 5-lipoxygenase (5-LOX) and 12/15-lipoxygenase (12/15-LOX) dependent. Omega-3(+) LEs shortened the resolution interval by 56%, stimulated the endogenous biosynthesis of resolution mediators lipoxin A4, protectin DX and maresin 1 and contributed to tissue regeneration. Omega-3(+) LEs protected against hypothermia and weight loss and enhanced survival in murine polymicrobial sepsis. We highlighted a role of Omega-3(+) LEs in regulating key mechanisms within the resolution terrain during murine sepsis. This might form the basis for a rational design of sepsis specific clinical nutrition.
The effect of omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on aggressive behaviour in adult male prisoners: a structured study protocol for a multi-centre, double-blind, randomised placebo-controlled trial and translation into policy and practice; Background: Interventions to better manage aggressive behaviour and reduce recidivism are a primary concern for corrective services. Nutritional interventions to correct prisoner behaviour have been largely overlooked in the literature. Emerging evidence suggests that dietary intake influences aggressive behaviours and that nutritional supplementation with omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) could attenuate both the severity and frequency of aggressive behaviour.
A prospective study of polyunsaturated fatty acid levels in blood and prostate cancer risk; Background: Animal models suggest that n-3 fatty acids inhibit prostate cancer proliferation, whereas n-6 fatty acids promote it, but epidemiologic studies do not uniformly support these findings.
The future for long chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in the prevention of coronary heart disease: do we need to target non-fish-eaters?; Dietary guidelines in many countries include a recommendation to consume oily fish, mainly on the basis of evidence from prospective cohort studies that fish consumption is cardioprotective. However, average intakes are very low in a large proportion of the UK population. Some groups, such as vegans and vegetarians, purposely omit fish (along with meat) from their diet resulting in zero or trace intakes of long chain (LC) n-3 PUFA. Although the efficacy of dietary fish oil supplementation in the prevention of CVD has been questioned in recent years, the balance of evidence indicates that LC n-3 PUFA exert systemic pleiotropic effects through their influence on gene expression, cell signalling, membrane fluidity and by conversion to specialised proresolving mediators; autacoid lipid mediators that resolve inflammatory events. The long-term impact of reduced tissue LC n-3 PUFA content on cardiovascular health is surprisingly poorly understood, particularly with regard to how low proportions of LC n-3 PUFA in cell membranes may affect cardiac electrophysiology and chronic inflammation. Randomised controlled trials investigating effects of supplementation on prevention of CHD in populations with low basal LC n-3 PUFA tissue status are lacking, and so the clinical benefits of supplementing non-fish-eating groups with vegetarian sources of LC n-3 PUFA remain to be determined. Refocusing dietary LC n-3 PUFA intervention studies towards those individuals with a low LC n-3 PUFA tissue status may go some way towards reconciling results from randomised controlled trials with the epidemiological evidence.
PILOT-STUDY ON OMEGA-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN TYPE-I DIABETES-MELLITUS; Patients with diabetes mellitus are prone to develop vascular complications. Because .omega.-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (.omega.3FA) intake has a potential protective effect on cardiovascular disease, we studied the influence of .omega.3FA supplementation (5.4 g eicosapentaenoic acid and 2.3 g docosahexaenoic acid daily) for 4 wk in 13 well-controlled type I (insulin-dependent) diabetic subjects on a vascular risk profile. Each subject served as his/her own control in a pre- and post-.omega.3FA-intake phase. In plasma and platelets, phospholipids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid increased at the expense of arachidonic acid and linoleic acid. Tehre was no significant change in blood pressure and glycosylated proteins. Only small changes were noted in blood glucose levels and insulin dose. Side effects were not noted. Triglycerides decreased significantly in the first 14 days, and total cholesterol increased slightly, probably because of an elevation of high-density lipoprotein  cholesterol, although low-density lipoprotein cholesterol remained unchanged. Platelet aggregation induced by low doses of ADP and collagen, which was higher in diabetic than nondiabetic subjects, decreased during .omega.3FA intake to levels of healthy control subjects. Thromboxane production after ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation decreased significantly. Thromboxane liberation during clotting of whole blood and urinary excretion of thromboxane were markedly lowered during .omega.3FA  supplementation. The results show that even short-term intake of .omega.3FAs leads to beneficial changes of vascular risk factors without significant changes in glucose homeostasis.
The influence of dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the association between short-term exposure to ambient nitrogen dioxide and respiratory and cardiovascular outcomes among healthy adults; Background: Short-term exposure to ambient nitrogen dioxide (NO2) is associated with adverse respiratory and cardiovascular outcomes. Supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has shown protection against exposure to fine particulate matter. This study aims to investigate whether habitual omega-3 PUFA intake differentially modify the associations between respiratory and cardiovascular responses and short-term exposure to ambient NO2.
Inclusion of Lutein and Zeaxanthin in Standard or Omega-3 Fatty Acids Enriched Laying Hens Diets: Effects on Performance, Egg Quality Parameters, Fatty Acid Composition and Individual Carotenoids Concentration of Egg Yolk; The effects of lutein (L) and zeaxanthin (Z) inclusion to standard or omega-3 fatty acids enriched laying hens' diets, on performance, egg quality parameters, fatty acids and individual carotenoids of egg yolk were investigated. The dietary treatments were designed as: standard (S) diet, 50 mg/kg L plus 50 mg/kg Z (S+L/Z (50+50)) or 100 mg/kg lutein plus 100 mg/kg zeaxanthin (S+L/Z (100+100)) added to S diet, Omega-3 fatty acids enriched (OM3) diet, 50 mg/kg lutein plus 50 mg/kg zeaxanthin (OM3+L/Z (50+50) or 100 mg/kg lutein plus 100 mg/kg zeaxanthin (OM3+L/Z (100+100)) added to OM3 diet. The study lasted for 5 weeks. Laying hens with a mean live weight of 1525.88 +/- 31.19 g were divided into six treatment groups, each group had three replicates. During the experimental period, there was no mortality rate recorded. Dietary inclusion of L/Z (50+50 or 100+100) either in the S or OM3 diets did not alter performance parameters. Eggs from hens fed an enriched diet (OM3) significantly increased (P<0.05) the albumen index and Haugh unit (HU). Dietary inclusion of L/Z (50+50 or 100+100) in the S or OM diet significantly improved (P<0.05) total carotenoid, unknown carotenoid, lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations of egg yolk compared to the S or OM diets. The yolk color a* value was significantly increased by inclusion of L/Z (50+50 or 100+100) to diets (S or OM3) (P<0.05) and this was correlated with increased (P<0.05) concentration of individual carotenoids. The major changes in egg yolk fatty acid MUFA and PUFA composition occurred when laying hens were fed with OM3 or OM3+L/Z (50+50 or 100+100) diets.
The Complexity of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Modulation of Signaling Pathways Related to Pancreatic Cancer; Cancer is a major public health problem worldwide and is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Although cancer death rate has dropped by 23% since 1991, there are certain types of cancer for which death rates are still increasing, such as pancreatic cancer. There is an urgent need to find new therapies that could help improve this dreadful outcome. In this regard, the role of nutrition in health and disease has attracted much attention. Several dietary components are involved in metabolic, physiologic and cell signaling affecting tumor growth and progression. Although lipids, and more specifically polyunsaturated fatty acids, have been traditionally studied due to their health effects in cardiovascular disease, it is now clear that they can impact an extensive array of cellular processes that influence a wide range of diseases such as type II diabetes, inflammatory disorders and cancer. These biological activities may be grouped as regulation of: (1) membrane structure and function, (2) intracellular signaling pathways, (3) transcription factor activity, (4) gene expression, and (5) production of bioactive lipid mediators. The aim of this review is to assimilate the current state of knowledge about these potential mechanism(s) of action and signaling pathways modulated by polyunsaturated fatty acids in pancreatic cancer.
ω-3 fatty acids -: Supplemented parenteral nutrition decreases hyperinflammatory response and attenuates systemic disease sequelae in severe acute pancreatitis:: A randomized and controlled study; Background: The objective of this study was to investigate whether altering the fatty acid (FA) profile by omega-3 FA supplementation affects inflammatory response and systemic disease sequelae in severe acute pancreatitis. Methods: Forty severe acute pancreatitis patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive parenteral nutrition (PN) 1 or 5 days in a double-blind manner. Patients received PN with identical amounts of amino acids (1.25 g/kg/d), glucose (3 g/kg/d), and fat (1 g/kg/d) but different lipid compositions: the control group received a soybean oil (SO; Lipovenos 20%; Fresenius, Germany)-based fat solution and the omega-3 FA group was supplemented with 0.15 - 0.2 g/kg/d fish oil (FO; Omegaven 10%; Fresenius, Germany). Serum concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), interleukin-6, C-reactive protein (CRP), white blood cell count, and routine respiratory and renal parameters were measured before PN, and again on day 6 after starting PN Outcomes such as infection morbidity, mortality. intensive care unit time, and length of hospital stay were recorded. Results: Patients treated with FO. had a significantly higher EPA concentration (P < .01), lower CRP level (P < .05), and better oxygenation index (P < .05) after 5 days of PN. Moreover, the number of days of continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) in the omega-3 FAs group was significantly less than that in the control group (P < .05). Conclusions: PN supplemented with omega-3 FAs diminishes the hyperinflammatory response by the EPA increase and the proinflammatory cytokine decrease in severe acute pancreatitis. This, together with improved respiratory function and shortened CRRT time, suggests that the systemic response to pancreatic and organ injury is attenuated.
Prescription omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia; Purpose. A review of the key properties and trial results associated with prescription omega-3 fatty acids (P-O3FA) and a description of its place in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk are presented.
LONG-TERM SUPPLEMENTATION WITH N-3 FATTY-ACIDS .1. EFFECT ON BLOOD-LIPIDS, HEMOSTASIS AND BLOOD-PRESSURE; The effect of dietary supplementation with 4 g of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) daily for 9 months on blood pressure, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, platelet function, coagulation and fibrinolysis was studied in 24 healthy volunteers. Each variable was determined before, after 6 weeks and 9 months of supplementation with n-3 PUFA, and 3 months after the supplementation period had ended. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure declined after intake of n-3 PUFAs. Plasma triglycerides were reduced, and there was a trend towards an increase in HDL-cholesterol after 9 months of supplementation, while total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apolipoproteins A1 and B were unaltered. The bleeding time was increased, and plasma levels of von Willebrand factor decreased after 9 months supplementation with n-3 PUFA. Fibrinogen levels increased, while fibrinolysis was reduced after 9 months supplementation with n-3 PUFA. Overall, no clear benefit on lipid pattern and haemostasis was achieved with respect to development of coronary heart disease.
Assessment of the possible adverse effects of oils enriched with n-3 fatty acids in rats; Peroxisomal proliferation, mitochondrial dysfunctions and apoplexy; Possible adverse effects of excess intake of dietary n-3 fatty acids have been reevaluated in rats by measuring peroxisomal proliferation, mitochondrial enzyme activity and incidence of apoplexy. When Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets containing either fish oil rich in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or perilla seed oil rich in alpha-linolenic acid for 4 or 12 weeks, DHA accumulated in phospholipids of liver and heart in the fish oil group, but not in the perilla oil group when compared with safflower and soybean oil groups. Feeding a diet containing 15 weight % of fish oil induced a significant proliferation of peroxisomes compared with safflower oil-diet, but the proliferating activity of perilla oil was much less. The peroxisomal beta-oxidation activities were negatively correlated with neutral lipid contents in liver. Heart mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase activity was not affected significantly be feeding fish oil or perilla oil in the presence of an essential amount of linoleic acid for up to 12 weeks, though the proportion of linoleic acid in heart cardiolipin decreased from >86% in the safflower and soybean oil groups to 81% in the perilla oil group and to 33% in the fish oil group. Feeding n-3-enriched fish oil and perilla oil in 10 weight % of the diets did not accelerated the onset of cerebral bleeding in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP). Although the proliferating activity or peroxisomes by excess intake of fish oils should be noticed, these results provide evidence that n-3-enriched oils are safe under conditions applicable to human nutrition, considering the levels fed the rats were several fold higher than the anticipated maximal intake in human. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1996
Docosahexaenoic acid supports feto-placental growth and protects cardiovascular and cognitive function: A mini review; Docosahexaenoic acid, 22:6n-3 (DHA), one of the important members of the n-3 fatty acids, positively affects overall human health. DHA is now regarded as an important dietary ingredient required throughout the life cycle including from early placentation, feto-placental growth and development to the maintenance of general health. Although DHA can be synthesized in the body from its precursor, alpha linolenic acid, 18:3n-3 (ALA), but the main effective dietary source of DHA is seafoods. The beneficial effects of DHA on human health are known for long time; only recently the mechanisms of action of DHA and its derivatives at both cellular and molecular levels are emerging. This mini review focuses on the roles of DHA and its metabolites on early placentation, feto-placental growth and development, cardiovascular disease, immune and cognitive disorders.
Protective effects of fish intake and interactive effects of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid intakes on hip bone mineral density in older adults: the Framingham Osteoporosis Study; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish may influence bone health.
Dietary echium oil increases plasma and neutrophil long-chain (n-3) fatty acids and lowers serum triacylglycerols in hypertriglyceridemic humans; A wealth of evidence indicates that consumption of fish or dietary fish oils containing long-chain (n-3) PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is associated with cardiovascular benefit, including a reduction in circulating triacylglycerol concentrations and reduced mortality from coronary heart disease. Shorter-chain dietary (n-3) PUFA such as a-linolenic acid from vegetable oils are inefficiently converted to EPA and DHA and do not possess the hypotriglyceridemic properties attributed to fish oils. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of dietary Echium oil. a plant oil containing the 18-carbon (n-3) PUFA steariclonic acid, on tissue fatty acid content and serum triacylglycerol concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic humans. Asymptomatic subjects with mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridemia were enrolled in an open-labeled study. Subjects underwent a 4-wk lead-in period and were then instructed to follow the National Cholesterol Education Program Step 1 diet. Subjects (n = 11) whose serum triacylglycerol concentrations remained between 3.4 and 5.1 mmol/L (300 and 450 mg/dL) were instructed to consume 1,15 g of Echium oil daily for 4 wk. During the treatment period, serum triacylglycerol concentrations decreased by 21%, or 0.87 +/- 0.26 mmol/L (mean +/- SD) compared with baseline (P < 0.05); 8 of 11 subjects had a decrease in serum triacylglycerols ranging from 13 to 52% with a decrease from baseline of 30%, or 1.26 +/- 0.41 mmol/L (mean +/- SD). There were no significant changes in any other clinical laboratory variables. Concentrations of long-chain (n-3) PUFA, including EPA, increased (P < 0.05) in plasma and neutrophils when subjects consumed Echium oil. In conclusion, dietary plant oils rich in steariclonic acid are metabolized to longer-chain, more unsaturated (n-3) PUFA. These oils appear to possess hypotriglyceridemic properties typically associated with fish oils.
The effect of supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids on soluble markers of endothelial function in patients with coronary heart disease; During progression of atherosclerosis the overlying endothelial cells alter their expression of some surface molecules. Circulating levels of such molecules may be quantified. We investigated the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) on the levels of tissue plasminogen activator antigen, von Willebrand factor, and the soluble forms of thrombomodulin, P-selectin, E-selectin, and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in 54 patients with coronary heart disease. Twenty-three of the patients had taken 5.1 g/d n-3 FA for 6 months (group I) and 31 were given corn oil as placebo (group II). For another 4 weeks ("the study period") they all got 5.1 g/d of n-3 FA. Compliance was confirmed by demonstration of changes in relevant fatty acids in serum phospholipids. At baseline, significant differences between the groups were found with lower median values of von Willebrand factor (128% versus 147%) and soluble thrombomodulin (24.9 versus 32.5 ng/mL) and higher median values of soluble E-selectin (41.4 versus 35.5 ng/mL) and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (573 versus 473 ng/mL) in group I. During the study period differences in changes between the groups were found; tissue plasminogen activator antigen and soluble thrombomodulin decreased (P for difference between the groups 0.001 and 0.015, respectively), whereas soluble E-selectin and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 increased (P for difference between the groups <0.01 for both) in group II relative to group I. Our results indicate that n-3 FA supplementation decreases hemostatic markers of atherosclerosis, whereas markers of inflammation may be increased. The latter may be the result of lipid peroxidation as a simultaneous decrease of vitamin E and increase in thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances were observed.
Serum Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Incident Type 2 Diabetes in Men: The Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; OBJECTIVEThe relationship between fish or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and type 2 diabetes is inconclusive. Even contaminants in fish, such as mercury, may modify the effects. We investigated the associations between serum omega-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), -linolenic acid (ALA), hair mercury, and risk of incident type 2 diabetes in middle-aged and older Finnish men.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSA total of 2,212 men from the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor study, aged 42-60 years and free of type 2 diabetes at baseline in 1984-1989, were investigated. Serum PUFA and hair mercury were used as biomarkers for exposure. Dietary intakes were assessed with 4-day food recording. Type 2 diabetes was assessed by self-administered questionnaires and fasting and 2-h oral glucose tolerance test blood glucose measurement at re-examination rounds 4, 11, and 20 years after the baseline and by record linkage to hospital discharge registry and reimbursement register on diabetes medication expenses. Cox proportional hazards models were used to analyze associations.RESULTSDuring the average follow-up of 19.3 years, 422 men developed type 2 diabetes. Men in the highest versus the lowest serum EPA + DPA + DHA quartile had 33% lower multivariate-adjusted risk for type 2 diabetes (95% CI 13-49; P trend 0.01). No statistically significant associations were observed with serum or dietary ALA, dietary fish or EPA + DHA, or hair mercury.CONCLUSIONSSerum long-chain omega-3 PUFA concentration, an objective biomarker for fish intake, was associated with long-term lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Effectiveness of Combined Statin Plus Omega-3 Fatty Acid Therapy for Mixed Dyslipidemia; Combination therapy for the treatment of dyslipidemia and reduction of cardiovascular risk has been demonstrated to beneficially modify the lipid profile in multiple randomized clinical trials. As reported in the updated National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol remains the primary treatment target, although the comprehensive management of dyslipidemia in high-risk patients includes the modification of secondary lipid parameters such as triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Although statin therapy is-the standard intervention for lowering LDL cholesterol, combination therapy has demonstrated added benefits on secondary lipid parameters and enhances statin-mediated reductions in LDL cholesterol. The benefits of modifying these secondary targets on all-cause or cardiovascular event-related mortality are currently under investigation in several clinical trials. Prescription omega-3 fatty acid (Lovaza) is a formulation of 2 highly purified omega-3-acid ethyl esters, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. The recently completed Combination of Prescription Omega-3 With Simvastatin (COMBOS) study confirmed that prescription omega-3 fatty acid administered in combination with simvastatin achieves statistically significant improvements across a range of lipid indicators beyond the LDL primary target, including triglycerides, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lipoprotein particle size. In conclusion, several classes of drugs, including omega-3 fatty acids, can be used in combination with statins to achieve more global improvements in lipid profiles. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2008;102:1040-1045)
Improvement of the omega 3 index of healthy subjects does not alter the effects of dietary saturated fats or n-6PUFA on LDL profiles; Background and Aims. Dietary fat composition is known to modulate Circulating lipid and lipoprotein levels. Although supplementation with long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA) has been shown to reduce plasma triglyceride levels, the effect of the interactions between LCn-3PUFA and the major dietary fats consumed has not been previously investigated.
Acute rise of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids during hemodialysis treatment; Objective: Hemodialysis patients have an extremely high rate of cardiac arrhythmia-incluced sudden cardiac death, although the risk during the hemodialysis procedure is relatively low. A higher blood content of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is believed to reduce the risk of sudden cardiac death. We performed this study to measure the effect of a single-standard hemodialysis treatment on plasma and erythrocyte omega-3 PUFA levels in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Evaluating Impacts of Different Omega-6 to Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratios in Corn-Soybean Meal-Based Diet on Growth Performance, Nutrient Digestibility, Blood Profiles, Fecal Microbial, and Gas Emission in Growing Pigs; Simple Summary There are two major classes of polyunsaturated fatty acids found in the diet, omega-3 and omega-6, these polyunsaturated fatty acids are essential because they cannot be synthesized by humans and animals. Also, they cannot be converted into each other in the body. Supplementation of omega-3 has been reported to improve the performance and health of pigs. However, during the past years, studies had demonstrated that animal performance could be influenced by the dietary level or the ratio of omega-6 and omega-3. A high omega-6: omega-3 ratio in diets promotes the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. An optimal omega-6: omega-3 ratio could inhibit immune stimulation to ensure the availability of more energy and nutrients for high performance and the homeostatic pathway. The present study investigated the effects of different omega-6: omega-3 ratios (17:1, 15:1, 10:1, 5:1) on growth performance, nutrient digestibility, blood profiles, fecal microflora, and gas emission in growing pigs. The results of this study showed that reducing omega-6: omega-3 ratio from 17:1 to 5:1 by increasing omega-3 in the diet increased body weight, energy digestibility, and reduced the low-density lipoprotein concentrations of blood in growing pigs.
IMAGING OF HUMAN-BRAIN LESIONS WITH AN OMEGA-3 SITE RADIOLIGAND; The topography and magnitude of increase in peripheral type benzodiazepine binding sites (.omega.3 sites) was investigated autoradiographically in the brains of patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease, with multiple sclerosis, and with malignant glioma. 3H-PK 11195, a selective .omega.3 site ligand, was employed. A manyfold increase in .omega.3 site density was observed in all these disease states; this increase reflects macrophage invasion or glial proliferation or both as demonstrated by  neuropathological studies carried out in parallel. There was an excellent spatial correlation between increased .omega.3 site densities and extent of the lesion histologically. Specifically, an elevated density of .omega.3 sites was observed in the plaques of demyelination in multiple sclerosis patients, in the periphery of infarcted zones in stroke patients, and throughout tumor in patients with grade IV astrocytomas. As our approach is applicable to both tomographic (in vivo) and autoradiographic  investigations, imaging of .omega.3 sites may be considered for the detection and monitoring of the natural evolution of many disorders of the human central nervous system.
Total Bilirubin Yields Prognostic Information Following a Myocardial Infarction in the Elderly; Total bilirubin consists of an unconjugated form, solubilized by its binding to albumin, and a conjugated form representing a minor part of the circulating bilirubin. As total bilirubin in physiological concentrations is a powerful antioxidant, its concentration gradient may reflect the health status of an individual, and serve as a prognostic indicator of outcome in primary and secondary cardiovascular disease prevention. The aim of this study was to assess the association between total bilirubin and incident cardiovascular events following a myocardial infarction. Total bilirubin in serum was measured at baseline 2-8 weeks after hospitalization for an MI in 881 patients, aged 70 to 82 years, included in the OMEMI (Omega-3 Fatty acids in Elderly with Myocardial Infarction) study, where patients were followed-up for up to 2 years. The first major adverse clinical event (MACE) was the primary endpoint and consisted of nonfatal MI, unscheduled coronary revascularization, stroke, hospitalization for heart failure or all-cause death. As total bilirubin was non-normally distributed, log-transformed values and quartiles of bilirubin were analyzed using Cox regression models. The median (Q1, and Q3) baseline concentration of bilirubin was 11 (9, and 14) & mu;mol/L, and higher log-transformed concentrations were associated with male sex, lower New York Heart Association (NYHA) class and non-smoking. MACE occurred in 177 (20.1%) patients during the follow-up. Higher concentrations of bilirubin were associated with a lower risk of MACE: HR 0.67 (95%CI 0.47-0.97) per log-unit increase, p = 0.032. Patients in the lowest quartile of bilirubin (<9 & mu;mol/L) had the highest risk with HR 1.61 (95%CI 1.19-2.18), p = 0.002, compared to quartiles 2-4. This association remained significant even after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index (BMI), smoking status, NYHA class and treatment allocation: HR 1.52 (1.21-2.09), p = 0.009. Low concentrations of bilirubin (<9 & mu;mol/L) are associated with increased nonfatal cardiovascular events or death in elderly patients with a recent myocardial infarction.
Omega-3 fatty acid fish oil dietary supplements contain saturated fats and oxidized lipids that may interfere with their intended biological benefits; Widely available fish oil dietary supplements (DS) may contain fats and oxidized lipids in addition to the beneficial omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs) for which they are purchased. Little is known about the potential biological effects of these oxidized lipids. The objective of this study was to assess the fatty acid content, oxidation products, and biological effects of leading fish oil DS available in the United States. Three top-selling fish oil DS in the US were included in this analysis. Fatty acid composition was measured using gas chromatography. Lipid oxidation (primary and secondary products) was measured by spectroscopy in both DS and a prescription OM3FA product. OM3FAs were also isolated and concentrated from DS and were tested for the ability to inhibit copper-induced oxidation of human small dense low-density lipoprotein particles (sdLDL) in vitro. Fish oil DS were found to contain more than 30 different fatty acids, including 10 to 14 different saturated species comprising up to 36% of the total fatty acid content. Levels of OM3FAs also varied widely among DS (33% e79%). Primary (peroxide), secondary (anisidine), and total oxidation products exceeded maximum levels established by international standards of quality in the DS but not the prescription OM3FA product. Oxidation of sdLDL was inhibited by > 95% (P < 0.001) with non-oxidized forms of OM3FA but not with OM3FAs isolated from DS, which were a mixture of oxidized and non-oxidized OM3FAs. These data indicate that levels of saturated fat and oxidized OM3FAs found in common DS may interfere with their intended/potential biological benefits. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
A review of the studies of the cardiovascular health effects of methylmercury with consideration of their suitability for risk assessment; In the 2000 report of the National Research Council's Committee on the Toxicological Effects of Methylmercury (MeHg), various adverse health effects potentially associated with MeHg exposure including cardiovascular effects were considered. At that time, the committee concluded that neurodevelopmental toxicity was the most sensitive endpoint but recognized emerging evidence of potential cardiovascular effects at low levels of exposure. The committee recommended that these potential effects be addressed through the uncertainty factors applied to the development of the neurodevelopmental reference dose (RID). This approach was adopted by the US EPA in its derivation of the methylmercury RfD. Since that time, additional studies have become available. The available studies addressing the broad categories of heart disease (including myocardial infarction (MI) and ischemic heart disease), hypertension, and heart rate variability are critically reviewed here. Overall, the evidence linking realistic rates of MeHg exposure from fish consumption to cardiovascular disease suggests an association with heart disease, particularly MI. The apparent antagonistic interaction of MeHg and n-3 fatty acids contained in fish suggests a causal mechanism. As different individuals and populations characteristically consume different species of fish, the risk of cardiovascular effects may not be a simple function of MeHg exposure but its assessment may well need to take n-3 fatty acid intake into account also. The case for significant adverse effects of MeHg on blood pressure at current levels of exposure is weaker. This effect, observed in childhood, does not appear to persist into adolescence, and animal studies are difficult to interpret given the high doses employed. The decrease in heart rate variability related to fetal exposure to MeHg in the same cohort appears to persist into early adolescence and may reflect developmental neurophysiological alterations that are consistent with the developmental neuropsychological effects also observed in that cohort. However, the cardiovascular significance of this effect with regard to its direct effect on health or its ability to predict other, more direct, health effects is unclear. At present, the studies of the Finnish cohort relating MeHg exposure to acute MI and coronary heart disease appear to provide the strongest basis for a formal quantitative risk assessment of the cardiovascular effects of MeHg. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A comparison of the metabolism of eighteen-carbon <SUP>13</SUP>C-unsaturated fatty acids in healthy women; Altered use of different dietary fatty acids may contribute to several chronic diseases, including obesity, noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. However, few comparative data are available to support this link, so the goal of the present study was to compare the metabolism of [C-13]oleate, [C-13]alpha-linolenate, [C-13]elaidate, and [C-13]linoleate through oxidation and incorporation into plasma lipid fractions and adipose tissue. Each tracer was given as a single oral bolus to six healthy women. Samples were collected over 8 days, and C-13 was analyzed using isotope ratio mass spectrometry. At 9 It post-dose, cumulative oxidation was similar for [C-13]elaidate, [C-13]oleate, and [C-13]a-linolenate (19 +/- 1%, 20 +/- 4%, and 19 +/- 3% dose, respectively). Significantly lower oxidation of [C-13]linoleate (12 +/- 4% dose; P < 0.05) was accompanied by its higher incorporation into plasma phospholipids and cholesteryl esters. Abdominal adipose tissue was enriched with [C-13]alpha-linolenate, [C-13]elaidate, or [C-13]linoleate within 6 h. The percentage linoleate in plasma phospholipids correlated positively with [C-13]linoleate and [C-13]elaidate oxidation, indicating a potential role of background diet. Conversion of [C-13]linoleate and [C-13]alpha-linolenate to longer chain polyunsaturates was a quantitatively minor route of utilization.-McCloy, U., M. A. Ryan, P. B. Pencharz, R. J. Ross, and S. C. Cunnane. A comparison of the metabolism of eighteen-carbon C-13-unsaturated fatty acids in healthy women.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Effects on Inflammatory Biomarkers and Lipid Profiles among Diabetic and Cardiovascular Disease Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate omega-3 fatty acids' influence on 12 inflammatory biomarkers-LDL, HDL, total cholesterol, TG, HbA1c, Apo AI, Apo AII, Apo B, CRP, TNF-alpha, glucose, and fasting blood glucose among diabetic and cardiovascular disease (CVD) patients. We searched articles in six database engines, and 16 of the 696 articles reviewed met the inclusion criteria. Among these, lipid and inflammatory biomarkers investigated commonly included total cholesterol (11 studies), LDL, and TG (10 studies each). Overall, omega-3 was associated with a significant reduction in Apo AII among diabetic patients, as compared to different controls (-8.0 mg/dL 95% CI: -12.71, -3.29, p = 0.0009), triglycerides (-44.88 mg/dL 95% CI: -82.6, -7.16, p < 0.0001), HDL (-2.27 mg/dL 95% CI: -3.72, -0.83, p = 0.002), and increased fasting blood glucose (16.14 mg/dL 95% CI: 6.25, 26.04, p = 0.001). Omega-3 also was associated with increased LDL among CVD patients (2.10 mg/dL 95% CI: 1.00, 3.20, p = 0.0002). We conclude that omega-3 fatty acids may be associated with lower inflammatory biomarkers among diabetic and cardiovascular patients. Clinicians should be aware of these potential benefits; however, it is essential to recommend that patients consult with clinicians before any omega-3 intake.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids May Be Beneficial for Reducing Obesity-A Review; Current recommendations for counteracting obesity advocate the consumption of a healthy diet and participation in regular physical activity, but many individuals have difficulty complying with these recommendations. Studies in rodents and humans have indicated that long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) potentially elicit a number of effects which might be useful for reducing obesity, including suppression of appetite, improvements in circulation which might facilitate nutrient delivery to skeletal muscle and changes in gene expression which shift metabolism toward increased accretion of lean tissue, enhanced fat oxidation and energy expenditure and reduced fat deposition. While LC n-3 PUFA supplementation has been shown to reduce obesity in rodents, evidence in humans is limited. Epidemiological associations between LC n-3 PUFA intakes and obesity are inconclusive but small cross-sectional studies have demonstrated inverse relationships between markers of LC n-3 PUFA status and markers of obesity. Human intervention trials indicate potential benefits of LC n-3 PUFA supplementation, especially when combined with energy-restricted diets or exercise, but more well-controlled and long-term trials are needed to confirm these effects and identify mechanisms of action.
Dietary supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vitamin E after myocardial infarction: results of the GISSI-Prevenzione trial; Background There is conflicting evidence on the benefits of foods rich in vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol), n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and their pharmacological substitutes. We investigated the effects of these substances as supplements in patients who had myocardial infarction.
Effect of fish oil on ventricular tachyarrhythmia and death in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators -: The Study on Omega-3 Fatty acids and ventricular Arrhythmia (SOFA) randomized trial; Context Very-long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) from fish are thought to reduce risk of sudden death, possibly by reducing susceptibility to cardiac arrhythmia.
Dietary canola oil suppressed growth of implanted MDA-MB 231 human breast tumors in nude mice; Long chain omega 3 (n-3)fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and/or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been shown to suppress growth of most cancer cells. In vivo, alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3) can be converted to EPA or DHA. We hypothesized that substituting canola oil (10% ALA)for the corn oil (1% ALA) in the diet of cancer bearing mice would slow tumor growth by increasing n-3 fatty acids in the diet. Sixty nude mice received MDA-MB 231 human breast cancer cells and were fed a diet containing 8% w/w corn oil oil until the mean tumor volume was 60 mm 3. The dietary fat of half of the tumor bearing mice was then changed to 8% w/w canola oil. Compared to mice that consumed the corn oil containing diet, the mice that consumed the canola oil containing diet had significantly more EPA and DHA in both tumors and livers, and the mean tumor growth rate and cell proliferation in the tumor were significantly slower (P < 0.05). About 25 days after diet change, mice that consumed the corn oil diet stopped gaining weight, whereas the mice that consumed the canola oil diet continued normal weight gain. Use of canola oil instead of corn oil in the diet may be a reasonable means to increase consumption of n-3 fatty acids with potential significance for slowing growth residual cancer cells in cancer survivors.
The incorporation of marine <i>n</i>-3 PUFA into platelets and adipose tissue in pre- and postmenopausal women: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; The primary aim of the trial was to investigate the influence of menopause on the incorporation of marine n-3 PUFA into platelets and adipose tissue. A secondary aim was to evaluate whether marine n-3 PUFA may change levels of circulating oestrogens in women. Ninety-two pre- and postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to consume 2.2g of marine n-3 PUFA or control oil daily for 12 weeks. Adipose tissue biopsies and blood samples were collected at baseline and after intervention. Eighty-nine women completed the study. Baseline contents of total marine n-3 PUPA and each of the major long-chained n-3 PUFA, EPA, docosapentaenoic acid and DHA were all significantly lower (P<0-05) in the premenopausal group both in platelets and adipose tissue, except for EPA in platelets (P=0.05). After supplementation with fish oil, the content of all marine n-3 PUFA increased significantly in platelets and adipose tissue in both pre- and postmenopausal women. The increase in platelets and adipose tissue was, however, the same in both groups. There was no effect of fish oil on oestrogen levels in postmenopausal women. We found a significant difference in premenopausal women, in whom oestradiol (P<0.04) and oestrone (P<0.02) serum concentrations increased after the fish oil supplement. This trial did not reveal any difference in the ability of pre- and postmenopausal women to incorporate marine n-3 PUFA into platelets or adipose tissue. However, supplementation with fish oil increased oestrogen levels in premenopausal women.
Enriched endogenous omega-3 fatty acids in mice protect against global ischemia injury; Transient global cerebral ischemia, one of the consequences of cardiac arrest and cardiovascular surgery, usually leads to delayed death of hippocampal cornu Ammonis1 (CA1) neurons and cognitive deficits. Currently, there are no effective preventions or treatments for this condition. Omega-3 (omega-3) PUFAs have been shown to have therapeutic potential in a variety of neurological disorders. Here, we report that the transgenic mice that express the fat-1 gene encoding for omega-3 fatty acid desaturase, which leads to an increase in endogenous omega-3 PUFAs and a concomitant decrease in omega-6 PUFAs, were protected from global cerebral ischemia injury. The results of the study show that the hippocampal CA1 neuronal loss and cognitive deficits induced by global ischemia insult were significantly less severe in fat-1 mice than in WT mice controls. The protection against global cerebral ischemia injury was closely correlated with increased production of resolvin D1, suppressed nuclear factor-kappa B activation, and reduced generation of pro-inflammatory mediators in the hippocampus of fat-1 mice compared with WT mice controls. Our study demonstrates that fat-1 mice with high endogenous omega-3 PUFAs exhibit protective effects on hippocampal CA1 neurons and cognitive functions in a global ischemia injury model.
A combination of Omega-3 PUFAs and COX inhibitors: A novel strategy to manage obesity-linked dyslipidemia and adipose tissue inflammation; We previously reported that fish oil in combination with cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitors exerts enhanced hypolipidemic and anti-inflammatory effects in mice. Here, we sought to determine the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) in combination with naproxen (NX), a COX inhibitor, on dyslipidemia and gene expression in adipose tissue (AT) in humans. Obese dyslipidemic patients were randomly assigned to one of these interventions for 12 wk: 1) Standard nutrition counseling (control), 2) omega-3 PUFAs (2 g twice daily), 3) NX (220 mg twice daily), and 4) omega-3 PUFAs (2 g twice daily) + NX (220 mg twice daily). The serum triglycerides showed a trend towards a reduction and a significant reduction (P<0.05) in omega-3 and omega 3 + NX-treated subjects, respectively, compared to control. The mRNA expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (Vcaml), an inflammatory marker, increased significantly in AT of omega-3 PUFA-treated subjects but not in omega-3 PUFA5+NX-treated group. The plasma level of glycine-conjugated hyodeoxycholic acid, a secondary bile acid with hypolipidemic property, increased significantly in omega-3 PUFAs + NX-treated group. Our data suggest that combining NX with omega-3 PUFAs increases their effectiveness in reducing serum TG and favorably altering AT gene expression and plasma bile acid profile. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Chemical-nutritional parameters and volatile profile of eggs and cakes made with eggs from ISA Warren laying hens fed with a dietary supplementation of extruded linseed; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the chemical-nutritional parameters, oxidative stability and volatile profile of eggs and cakes made with eggs from laying hens fed with a dietary supplementation of extruded linseed.
The effects of diets enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on systemic vaccinia virus infection; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA, n-3 fatty acids), the key components of fish and flaxseed oils, are increasingly consumed by the public because of their potential health benefits and are available by prescription for hypertriglyceridemia. However, numerous studies have shown that these compounds are immunoregulatory and immunosuppressive and thus may increase susceptibility to infection. In this study, we tested the effects of the amount of fat and the types of fatty acid in the diet on infection by vaccinia virus, an acute infection that begins in the respiratory tract and spreads by viremia to internal organs. Male C57Bl6 mice (similar to 5 week old) were fed for 3 weeks prior to infection and continuing during infection and recovery one of the following: 1) a normal low fat (13% kcal) diet, 2) a low fat diet containing n-3 PUFAs, 3) a high fat (41% kcal) diet rich in n-3 PUFAs, 4) a high fat n-6 PUFA diet, or 5) a high fat monounsaturated diet. We found no statistically significant differences in the susceptibility of mice to viral infection, morbidity, viral organ titers, recovery time, or mortality with these diets, indicating that, over this approximately 6-week time period, dietary fats did not substantially affect responses to poxviral infection.
Marine-derived n-3 fatty acids and atherosclerosis in Japanese, Japanese-American, and white men - A cross-sectional study; Objectives We sought to examine whether marine-derived n-3 fatty acids are associated with less atherosclerosis in Japanese versus white populations in the U. S.
Flaxseed and Its Components in Treatment of Hyperlipidemia and Cardiovascular Disease; This paper describes the effects of flaxseed and its components (flax oil, secoisolariciresinoldiglucoside[SDG], flax lignan complex [FLC], and flax fibers] on serum lipids (total cholesterol [TC], low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol [LDL-C], high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C], and triglycerides [TG]) in animals and humans. Ordinary flaxseed reduces TG, TC, LDL-C, and TC/HDL-C levels in a dose-dependent manner in animals. In humans, it reduces serum lipids in hypercholesterolemicpatients but has no effects in normocholesterolemicpatients. Flax oil has variable effects on serum lipids in normo- and hypercholesterolemic animals. Flax oil treatment, with a dosage containing greater than 25g/day of alpha-linolenic acid, reduces serum lipids in humans. Although FLC reduces serum lipids and raises serum HDL-C in animals, its effects on serum lipids in humans are small and variable. Flax fibers exert small effects on serum lipids in humans. Crop Development Centre (CDC)-flaxseed, which contains low concentrations of alpha-linolenic acid, has significant lipid lowering effects in animals. Pure SDG has potent hypolipidemic effects and raises HDL-C. In conclusion, flaxseed and pure SDG have significant lipid-lowering effects in animals and humans, while other components of flaxseed have small and variable effects.
The Impact of Medium Chain and Polyunsaturated ω-3-Fatty Acids on Amyloid-β Deposition, Oxidative Stress and Metabolic Dysfunction Associated with Alzheimer's Disease; Alzheimer's disease (AD), the most common cause of dementia in the elderly population, is closely linked to a dysregulated cerebral lipid homeostasis and particular changes in brain fatty acid (FA) composition. The abnormal extracellular accumulation and deposition of the peptide amyloid-beta (A beta) is considered as an early toxic event in AD pathogenesis, which initiates a series of events leading to neuronal dysfunction and death. These include the induction of neuroinflammation and oxidative stress, the disruption of calcium homeostasis and membrane integrity, an impairment of cerebral energy metabolism, as well as synaptic and mitochondrial dysfunction. Dietary medium chain fatty acids (MCFAs) and polyunsaturated omega-3-fatty acids (omega-3-PUFAs) seem to be valuable for disease modification. Both classes of FAs have neuronal health-promoting and cognition-enhancing properties and might be of benefit for patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and AD. This review summarizes the current knowledge about the molecular mechanisms by which MCFAs and omega-3-PUFAs reduce the cerebral A beta deposition, improve brain energy metabolism, and lessen oxidative stress levels.
Docosahexaenoic acid at the sn-2 position of structured triacylglycerols improved n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid assimilation in tissues of hamsters; In this study, we hypothesized that the incorporation of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in tissues will be higher when it is ingested as triacylglycerols (TAG) structured at the sn-2 position, which enhances efficacy and health benefits of dietary DHA n-3 supplementation. Ten-week-old Golden Syrian male hamsters were randomly allocated into 4 dietary groups with 10 animals in each: linseed oil (LSO; control group), fish oil (FO), fish oil ethyl esters (FO-EE), and structured DHA at the sn-2 position of TAG (DHA-SL). After 12 weeks, there were no variations in the hamsters' body composition parameters across dietary groups. The DHA-SL diet had the lowest values of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total lipids, and aspartate aminotransferase activity, whereas the inverse was observed for the FO diet. Glucose was increased in the LSO diet without affecting insulin and insulin resistance markers. Whereas n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid was increased in the brain of hamsters fed the DHA-SL diet, higher levels of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid were observed in the liver and erythrocytes of the LSO. The highest omega-3 index was obtained with the DHA-SL diet. The principal component analyses discriminated DHA from other metabolites and set apart 4 clusters matching the 4 diets. Similarly, liver, erythrocytes, and brain were separated from each other, pointing toward an individual signature on fatty acid deposition. The structured sn-2 position DHA-containing TAG ameliorated blood lipids and fatty acid incorporation, in particular eicosapentaenoic acid and DHA in liver, erythrocytes, and brain, relative to commercially FOs, thus improving the health benefits of DHA due to its higher bioavailability. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein in young Japanese women; Little is known about the relation of dietary factors to circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in young adults and non-Western populations. We cross-sectionally examined associations between dietary intake and serum CRP concentrations in young Japanese women. The subjects were 443 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed with a validated, self-administered, comprehensive, diet history questionnaire. Serum CRP concentrations were measured by highly sensitive nephelometry. The prevalence of elevated CRP (>= 1 mg/L) was 5.6%. After adjustment for possible confounding factors including body mass index, a significant inverse association was seen between total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and elevated CRP. The multivariate adjusted odds ratios of elevated CRP for women with intake below and above the median (1.1% of energy) were 1.00 and 0.3 3 (95% confidence interval, 0.13-0.82; P =.02), respectively. Intake of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid and a-linolenic acid was not associated with elevated CRP concentrations (P =.62 and P =.27, respectively). Vitamin C intake was independently inversely associated with elevated CRP, although the association was nonsignificant (P = .10). No clear associations were observed for other dietary factors examined including total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, total dietary fiber, soluble dietary fiber, insoluble dietary fiber, and magnesium; fruits, vegetables, and fish and shellfish; and dietary glycemic load (P =.27 to P =.99). In conclusion, total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an independent inverse association with elevated serum CRP concentration in a group of young Japanese women. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
n-3 fatty acids and ventricular arrhythmias in patients with ischaemic heart disease and implantable cardioverter defibrillators; Aim To investigate the relationship between serum content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and the incidence of ventricular arrhythmias in patients with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD).
Specialized proresolving lipid mediators in patients with coronary artery disease and their potential for clot remodeling; Inflammation in arterial walls leads to coronary artery disease (CAD). Because specialized proresolving lipid mediators (SPMs; lipoxins, resolvins, and protectins) stimulate resolution of inflammation in animal models, we tested whether n-3 fatty acids impact SPM profiles in patients with CAD and promote clot remodeling. Six patients with stable CAD were randomly assigned to either treatment with daily 3.36 g Lovaza for 1 yr or without. Targeted lipid mediator-metabololipidomics showed that both groups had absence of resolvin D1 (RvD1), RvD2, RvD3, RvD5 and resolvin E1-all of which are present in healthy patients. Those not taking Lovaza had an absence of aspirin-triggered resolvin D3 (AT-RvD3) and aspirin-triggered lipoxin B-4 (AT-LXB4). Lovaza treatment restored AT-RvD3 and AT-LXB4 and gave levels of RvD6 and aspirin-triggered protectin D1(AT-PD1) twice as high (resolvin E2 similar to 5 fold) as well as lower prostaglandins. Principal component analysis indicated positive relationships for patients with CAD who were receiving Lovaza with increased AT-RvD3, RvD6, AT-PD1, and AT-LXB4. SPMs identified in Lovaza-treated patients with CAD enhanced similar to 50% at 1 nM macrophage uptake of blood clots. These results indicate that patients with CAD have lower levels and/or absence of specific SPMs that were restored with Lovaza; these SPMs promote macrophage phagocytosis of blood clots. Together, they suggest that low vascular SPMs may enable progression of chronic vascular inflammation predisposing to coronary atherosclerosis and to thrombosis.
Triglycerides and Cardiovascular Outcomes-Can We REDUCE-IT ?; The causal linkage between triglycerides and coronary artery disease has been controversial. Most of the trials hitherto have shown marginal or no beneficial effects of reduction of triglycerides (with fibrates) on top of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) reduction. But a significant residual cardiovascular risk remains even after use of high dose of statins. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce triglyceride levels and some old trials have shown the benefits of fish oils in reducing cardiovascular events. However, barring a few trials most of the large trials of omega-3 fatty acids are negative. Recently, few large trials have been conducted to see the effects of high dose omega-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular outcomes and some of them have shown promising results on top of LDL reduction.
A randomized clinical trial of omega-3 fatty acid and vitamin D supplementation on electrocardiographic risk profiles; Beneficial and adverse associations with arrhythmias have been reported for omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) and Vitamin D. The 12 lead electrocardiogram (ECG) contains quantitative measures reflecting diverse aspects of electrophysiology that might provide insights into mechanisms underlying these associations. In a pre-specified ancillary study of the VITaminD and omegA-3 (VITAL) trial, we examined the effect of 1 g of marine omega-3 FA per day, comprised of 460 mg eicosapentanoic acid and 380 mg of docosahexaenoic acid, and 2000 IU VitaminD(3) per day on ECG characteristics associated with atrial and ventricular arrhythmias among individuals age 50 years or greater. A total of 911 study participants underwent ECGs at baseline and again at 2 years after the randomization. Individuals randomized to active omega-3 FA demonstrated significant net increase in PR-interval duration (p = 0.005) and P-wave duration (p = 0.03) as well significant net decrease in P-wave amplitude (p = 0.037) as compared to placebo. RMSSD increased to a greater extent in the omega-3 FA arm compared to placebo (p = 0.040). For Vitamin D-3, the Cornell voltage increased to a lesser extent in the participants assigned to active treatment as compared to placebo (p = 0.044). There were no other significant differences in QRS, QTc, Cornell voltage or heart rate. Thus, randomized treatment with omega-3 FA supplements resulted in changes on the ECG that are potentially reflective of heightened vagal tone and/or slowing of intraatrial and AV conduction. Vitamin D-3 supplementation resulted in modest reductions in progressive LV voltage suggestive of a potential antihypertrophic effect.Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov Identifiers: NCT01169259, NCT02178410 (06/26/2010 and 06/30/2014).
Resolvins, docosatrienes, and neuroprotectins, novel omega-3-derived mediators, and their aspirin-triggered endogenous epimers: an overview of their protective roles in catabasis; The molecular basis for the beneficial impact of essential omega-3 fatty acids is of considerable interest. Recently, novel mediators generated from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) that displayed potent bioactions were first identified in resolving inflammatory exudates [J. Exp. Med. 192 (2000) 1197; J. Exp. Med. 196 (2002) 1025] and in tissues enriched with DHA [J. Exp. Med. 196 (2002) 1025; J. Biol. Chem. 278 (2003) 14677]. The trivial names Resolvin (resolution phase interaction products) and docosatrienes were introduced for the bioactive compounds belonging to these novel series because they demonstrate potent anti-inflammatory and immunoregulatory actions. The compounds derived from eicosapentaenoic acid carrying potent biological actions (i.e., 1-10 nM range) are designated E series, given their EPA precursor, and denoted as Resolvins of the E series (Resolvin E1 or RvE1), and those biosynthesized from the precursor docosahexaenoic acid are Resolvins of the D series (Resolvin D1 or RvD1). Bioactive members from DHA with conjugated triene structures are docosatrienes (DT) that are immunoregulatory [J. Exp. Med. 196 (2002) 1025; J. Biol. Chem. 278 (2003) 14677], and neuroprotective [J. Biol. Chem., 278 (2003) 43807; Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. [submitted for publication]] and are termed neuroprotectins. The specific receptors for these novel bioactive products from omega-3 EPA and DHA are abbreviated Resolvin D receptors (i.e., ResoDR1), Resolvin E receptor (ResoER1; RER1), and neuroprotectin D receptors (NPDR), respectively, in recognition of their respective cognate ligands. Aspirin treatment impacts biosynthesis of these compounds and a related series by triggering endogenous formation of the 17R-D series Resolvins and docosatrienes. These novel epimers are denoted as aspirin-triggered (AT)-RvDs and -DTs, and possess potent anti-inflammatory actions in vivo essentially equivalent to their 17S series pathway products. Here, we provide a syntomy overview of the formation and actions of these newly uncovered pathways and products as well as highlight their role(s) as endogenous protective mediators generated in anti-inflammation and catabasis. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EPA:DHA 6:1 is a superior omega-3 PUFAs formulation attenuating platelets-induced contractile responses in porcine coronary and human internal mammary artery by targeting the serotonin pathway via an increased endothelial formation of nitric oxide; At arterial sites of endothelial denudation and dysfunction, activated platelets contribute to vascular injury through the release of potent contracting factors such as serotonin (5-HT). This study evaluated whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), known to protect the vascular system, are able to prevent platelets-induced contractile responses in isolated arteries and, if so, to investigate the underlying mechanism and the importance of the omega-3 PUFAs formulation.
Comparison of olive leaf, olive oil, palm oil, and omega-3 oil in acute kidney injury induced by sepsis in rats; Background: Hypotension, increased production of reactive oxygen species, and inflammation are all observed in experimental models of sepsis induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS).
Efficacy and Safety of Adding Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Statin-treated Patients with Residual Hypertriglyceridemia: ROMANTIC (Rosuvastatin-OMAcor iN residual hyperTrIglyCeridemia), a Randomized, Double-blind, and Placebo-controlled Trial; Purpose: The purpose of this study was to examine the efficacy and safety of adding omega-3 fatty acids to rosuvastatin in patients with residual hypertriglyceridemia despite statin treatment.
Marine <i>n</i>-3 PUFA, heart rate variability and ventricular arrhythmias in patients on chronic dialysis: a cross-sectional study; Marine n-3 PUFA may improve autonomic dysfunction by an increase in heart rate variability (HRV) and may reduce the risk of malignant ventricular arrhythmias. Only a few smaller studies have examined such effects in patients on chronic dialysis, who often have autonomic dysfunction and a high risk of sudden cardiac death, which accounts for almost 30 % of all deaths. This cross-sectional study investigated the association between the plasma phospholipid content of n-3 PUFA and 24-h HRV or ventricular arrhythmias in patients on chronic dialysis. A 48-h Holter monitoring was performed on 169 patients on in-centre dialysis (83 %), home haemodialysis (10 %) or peritoneal dialysis (7 %) obtaining data on arrhythmias (n 152) and 24-h HRV (n 135). The mean overall HRV (standard deviation of normal intervals (SDNN)) was low and 71 % had a reduced overall HRV (SDNN<100 ms) indicating autonomic dysfunction. No significant associations between plasma phospholipid content of total marine n-3 PUFA, EPA (22 : 5n-3) or DHA (22 : 6n-3) and time-domain or frequency-domain HRV were detected in crude or adjusted linear regression analysis. However, a higher plasma phospholipid content of DHA was associated with a significantly lower proportion of patients with ventricular tachycardia (higher DHA-tertile: 9 % v. lower DHA-tertile: 28 %, P=0.02). In conclusion, the content of marine n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids was not associated with 24-h HRV, but a higher plasma phospholipid content of DHA was associated with a lower occurrence of ventricular tachycardia suggesting an antiarrhythmic effect of marine n-3 PUFA in patients on chronic dialysis.
INCORPORATION OF DIETARY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS INTO THE FATTY-ACIDS OF HUMAN ADIPOSE-TISSUE AND PLASMA-LIPID CLASSES; The consumption of n-3 fatty acids from seafood has been related to a lower incidence of coronary artery disease. Adipose tissue composition has served as a biological marker of chronic ingestion of many dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids. However, the incorporation of n-3 fatty acids into the fat depots has not been studied in humans. Daily dietary supplementation with greater than or equal to 10 g n-3 fatty acids from fish oil for > 12 mo resulted in significantly greater 20:5n-3, 22:5n-3, and 22:6n-3 concentrations in fatty acids of adipose tissue, and a greater 20:5n-3 fatty acid content in plasma Lipid classes (cholesterol esters, phospholipids, and free fatty acids) of supplemented subjects compared with nonsupplemented control subjects. Combined values for all subjects indicated that fatty acid concentrations of n-3 plasma lipid classes, including 20:5n-3, 22:5n-3, 22:6n-3, and total n-3, significantly correlated with corresponding concentrations of fatty acids in adipose tissue. These findings indicate that the long-term ingestion of large amounts of n-3 fatty acids in humans resulted in their incorporation into the adipose tissue fatty acids. Incorporation of the fatty acids into adipose tissue warrants consideration for use in clinical studies requiring precise documentation of long-term n-3 fatty acid consumption.
N-3 FATTY ACIDS AND CARDIAC AUTONOMIC FUNCTION IN HUMANS; Studies suggest that marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) offer some protection against sudden cardiac death (SCD). The autonomic nervous system is involved in the pathogenesis of SCD and due to the fact that n-3 PUFA is abundant in the brain and other nervous tissue it is likely that n-3 PUFA might modulate autonomic control of the heart. Heart rate variability (HRV) is a non-invasive marker of cardiac autonomic function and an attenuated HRV is a predictor for SCD and arrhythmic events. Studies on HRV and n-3 PUFA have been performed in several populations such as patients with ischaemic heart disease, patients with diabetes mellitus, patients with chronic renal failure, and in healthy subjects. Many studies have demonstrated a positive association between cellular content of n-3 PUFA and HRV as well as supplementation with n-3 PUFA seems to increase HRV and thereby decreasing the risk of arrhythmic events and SCD.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Resting Cerebral Perfusion in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Alteration of cerebral perfusion can be considered as a possible therapeutic target in mild cognitive impairment. This randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind proofof-concept study assessed effects of omega-3 fatty acids on cerebral perfusion in patients with mild cognitive impairment. In thirteen patients (omega:n=5; placebo:n=8) cerebral perfusion was measured before and after 26-weeks intervention within posterior cortical regions using magnetic resonance imaging. There was a medium effect of intervention on cerebral blood flow (eta 2=0.122) and blood volume (eta 2=0.098). The omega group showed an increase in blood flow (mean difference: 0.02 [corresponds to 26.1%], 95% confidence interval:0.00-0.05) and blood volume (mean difference: 0.08 [corresponds to 18.5%], 95% confidence interval:0.01-0.15), which was not observed in the placebo group. These preliminary findings suggest that omega-3 fatty acids supplementation may improve perfusion in cerebral regions typically affected in mild cognitive impairment. Regulation of perfusion may help to maintain brain structure and function and potentially delay conversion to dementia.
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Intake and Dyslipidemia: A Continuous Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; BackgroundPrevious results provide supportive but not conclusive evidence for the use of omega-3 fatty acids to reduce blood lipids and prevent events of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, but the strength and shape of dose-response relationships remain elusive. Methods and ResultsThis study included 90 randomized controlled trials, reported an overall sample size of 72 598 participants, and examined the association between omega-3 fatty acid (docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, or both) intake and blood lipid changes. Random-effects 1-stage cubic spline regression models were used to study the mean dose-response association between daily omega-3 fatty acid intake and changes in blood lipids. Nonlinear associations were found in general and in most subgroups, depicted as J-shaped dose-response curves for low-/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. However, we found evidence of an approximately linear dose-response relationship for triglyceride and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol among the general population and more evidently in populations with hyperlipidemia and overweight/obesity who were given medium to high doses (>2 g/d). ConclusionsThis dose-response meta-analysis demonstrates that combined intake of omega-3 fatty acids near linearly lowers triglyceride and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Triglyceride-lowering effects might provide supportive evidence for omega-3 fatty acid intake to prevent cardiovascular events.
Investigating Associations of Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Lung Function Decline, and Airway Obstruction; Rationale: Inflammation contributes to lung function decline and the development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Omega-3 fatty acids have antiinflammatory properties and may benefit lung health.
Acute effects of diets rich in almonds and walnuts on endothelial function; Objective: Omega-3 fatty acids, especially alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which are present in nuts may reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, by changing vascular inflammation and improving endothelial dysfunction. The objective of the study was to evaluate the acute effects of two different diets, one containing walnuts and the other almonds on endothelial function.
Differences between Dietary Supplement and Prescription Drug Omega-3 Fatty Acid Formulations: A Legislative and Regulatory Perspective; The medical management of many diseases and conditions can include either restriction or provision of specific essential nutrients. When such nutrients are needed, there are often both prescription and nonprescription products available, as in the case of nicotinic acid or omega-3 fatty acids. Although they may seem to contain similar ingredients, there may be important differences between the prescription and dietary-supplement preparations, The manufacturing of prescription pharmaceutical products is regulated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which mandates standards for consistency and quality assurance. Dietary supplements are available to consumers under the provisions of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, for which the FDA has the burden of proving a dietary supplement is harmful rather than requiring the manufacturer prove that the supplement is safe. Consumers and medical professionals should be aware of the important qualitative and quantitative differences between the FDA-approved prescription formulations and dietary supplements, particularly when an essential nutrient is part of the medical management of a disease or condition.
Roles for circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids in ischemic stroke and modifiable factors: a Mendelian randomization study; Background Available data about the effects of circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on ischemic stroke (IS) and its main risk factors remains limited and conflicting. Therefore, we conducted Mendelian randomization (MR) to assess whether genetically predicted PUFA affected IS, lipids and blood pressure (BP). Methods Genetic instruments associated with IS were derived from ISGC Consortium (n = 29,633), with lipids were derived from GLGC(n = 188,577), with BP were derived from Neale Lab(n = 337,000). The inverse-variance weighted method was the main analysis to estimate the effect of exposure on outcome. Sensitivity analyses included principal components analysis, MR-Egger, weighted median, and weighted mode. Results Per SD increases in serum alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) were associated with lower IS risk, with odd ratio (OR) of 0.867(0.782,0.961), arachidonic acid (AA) were associated with higher IS risk (OR: 1.053(1.014,1.094)). Likewise, Per SD increases in ALA were associated with the lower-level low-density lipoprotein cholesterol(LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total cholesterol (TC) (beta:-0.122(- 0.144, - 0.101), - 0.159(- 0.182, - 0.135), - 0.148(- 0.171, - 0.126), respectively), AA were associated with the higher-level of LDL-C, HDL-C and TC (beta:0.045(0.034,0.056), 0.059(0.050,0.067), 0.055(0.046,0.063), respectively). Linoleic acid (LA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) had little or no association with IS, lipids or BP at Bonferroni-corrected significance. Different analytic methods supported these findings. The intercept test of MR-Egger implied no pleiotropy. Conclusions High-level plasma ALA was protective for IS but AA was the opposite. LA, EPA, DHA, and DPA had no effects on IS.
Plasma levels of n-3 fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease among Japanese: The Japan Public Health Center-based (JPHC) study; Background and aims: Higher intake of fish or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). However, it is unclear whether increased blood levels of n-3 PUFAs are associated with reduced risk of CHD in the Japanese population.& para;& para;Methods: The relationship between circulating levels of n-3 PUFAs (eicosapentaenoic acid + docosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid) and risk of CHD was examined in a nested case-control study among participants in the Japan Public Health Center (JPHC)-based Study Cohort. Plasma n-3 PUFA phospholipid levels were measured at baseline by gas chromatography in 209 cases with CHD and 418 controls matched for sex, age, date of blood draw, time elapsed since last meal before blood collection, and study location. The CHD cases (n = 209) comprised 168 cases of myocardial infarction and 41 of sudden cardiac death, otherwise classified as 157 non-fatal and 52 fatal coronary events, respectively. Mean duration of follow-up was 13.5 years.& para;& para;Results: Multivariate conditional logistic analysis showed no significant association between n-3 PUFAs and risk of total CHD. The odds ratio (OR) for the highest versus lowest quartiles of plasma n-3 PUFAs was 0.79 (95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 0.41-1.51, p for trend = 0.51). Subtype analysis of CHD revealed that the multivariate ORs for the highest versus lowest quartiles for n-3 PUFAs were 0.91 (95% CI: 0.43 -1.89, p for trend = 0.90) for myocardial infarction, 0.08 (95% CI: 0.01-0.88, p for trend = 0.04) for sudden cardiac death, 0.89 (95% CI: 0.42-1.89, p for trend = 0.97) for nonfatal coronary events, and 0.12 (95% CI: 0.02-0.75, p for trend = 0.03) for fatal coronary events.& para;& para;Conclusions: Plasma n-3 PUFA levels were not associated with risk of total CHD but were inversely associated with risks of sudden cardiac death and fatal coronary events among middle-aged Japanese individuals. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparative effects of an acute dose of fish oil on omega-3 fatty acid levels in red blood cells versus plasma: Implications for clinical utility; BACKGROUND: Omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) biostatus can be estimated with red blood cell (RBC) membranes or plasma. The matrix that exhibits the lower within-person variability and is less affected by an acute dose of n-3 FA is preferred in clinical practice.
Soluble adhesion molecules and marine n-3 fatty acids in patients referred for coronary angiography; Objective: To investigate the relationship between soluble cellular adhesion molecules (sCAMs) and the extent of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with stable angina pectoris.
Potential applications of fish oils rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the management of gastrointestinal cancer; Background & aims: Despite advances in chemotherapeutic agents and surgical approaches for its management, gastrointestinal cancer still accounts for 27% of new cancer cases and 35% of cancer related mortality worldwide. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have anti-inflammatory and anticancer activities and are used as immuno-nutrients.
RETRACTED: Effects of Different Ratio of n-6/n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on the PI3K/Akt Pathway in Rats with Reflux Esophagitis (Retracted Article); Background: We designed this study to investigate the influence of different ratios of n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid in the diet of reflux esophagitis (RE) rats' and the effect on the PI3K/Akt pathway.
Seafood diets: Hypolipidemic and antiatherogenic effects of taurine and n-3 fatty acids; Background: Health aspects of seafood have primarily been linked to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Although animal studies have suggested beneficial contributions from taurine, highly abundant in seafood, its effect in humans is obscure. This Study evaluates the combined effects of n-3 PUFA and taurine.
LIPID PROFILE ANALYSIS OF TWO SPECIES OF HAKE "MERLUCCIUS CAPENSIS AND MERLUCCIUS PARADOXUS" AND ITS CONTRIBUTION TO CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE PREVENTION; Introduction: In recent years it has been shown that omega-3 PUFAs have multiple cardiovascular protective effects. Currently, fish is the main and most important source of Omega-3 fatty acids.
Effect of Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids and Lutein plus Zeaxanthin Supplements on Cardiovascular Outcomes Results of the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 (AREDS2) Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Dietary supplements have been proposed as a mechanism to improve health and prevent disease.
Lifestyle factors associated with serum N-3 fatty acid levels in breast cancer patients; Long chain n3 fatty acids appear to have beneficial effects in several domains of health relevant to breast cancer survivors. This study evaluated inter-individual differences in serum levels of n3 fatty acids in 40 breast cancer patients who were participating in a pilot study for prevention of weight gain. Significant predictors of baseline n3 fatty acid levels in serum were dietary intakes of n3 fatty acids, BM!, serum levels of carotenoids and TV hours watched/day, accounting for 43% of the variance. Counseling for prevention of weight gain also tended to increase n3 fatty acid blood levels over time during chemotherapy. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Poly-Unsaturated Fatty Acids for the Prevention of Severe Neutropenic Enterocolitis in Patients with Acute Myeloid Leukemia; Neutropenic enterocolitis is a potentially fatal complication of myeloablative chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are precursors of potent anti-inflammatory prostaglandins. Our aim was to explore the safety and effectiveness of omega-3 PUFA added to parenteral nutrition in protecting leukemia patients from severe enterocolitis. Fourteen patients with acute myeloid leukemia who received omega-3 PUFA in a Phase II trial were compared with 66 consecutive control patients not getting this intervention. We performed crude and adjusted comparisons, using inverse probability of treatment weighting for adjusted analysis, and blind outcome assessment to minimize assessor bias. Primary outcome was severe enterocolitis (Grade 3). The crude odds ratio of Grade 3 colitis or higher was 1.36 (95% CI 0.37 to 4.96, P = 0.64), and the adjusted odds ratio was 0.79 (95% CI 0.35 to 1.78, P = 0.57). There was little evidence to suggest differences between groups in serious adverse events and overall mortality. Our results provide little evidence that addition of omega-3 PUFA is beneficial in this condition. Routine treatment with omega-3 PUFA is currently not warranted.
Immune-boosting role of vitamins D, C, E, zinc, selenium and omega-3 fatty acids: Could they help against COVID-19?; The world is currently in the grips of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic, caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which has mutated to allow human-to-human spread. Infection can cause fever, dry cough, fatigue, severe pneumonia, respiratory distress syndrome and in some instances death. COVID-19 affects the immune system by producing a systemic inflammatory response, or cytokine release syndrome. Patients with COVID-19 have shown a high level of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. There are currently no effective anti-SARS-CoV-2 viral drugs or vaccines. COVID-19 disproportionately affects the elderly, both directly, and through a number of significant age-related comorbidities. Undoubtedly, nutrition is a key determinant of maintaining good health. Key dietary components such as vitamins C, D, E, zinc, selenium and the omega 3 fatty acids have wellestablished immunomodulatory effects, with benefits in infectious disease. Some of these nutrients have also been shown to have a potential role in the management of COVID-19. In this paper, evidence surrounding the role of these dietary components in immunity as well as their specific effect in COVID-19 patients are discussed. In addition, how supplementation of these nutrients may be used as therapeutic modalities potentially to decrease the morbidity and mortality rates of patients with COVID-19 is discussed.
<i>n</i>-3 PUFA-Enriched Diet Preserves Skeletal Muscle Mitochondrial Function and Redox State and Prevents Muscle Mass Loss in Mice with Chronic Heart Failure; Rationale and Methods: Skeletal muscle derangements, potentially including mitochondrial dysfunction with altered mitochondrial dynamics and high reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation, may lead to protein catabolism and muscle wasting, resulting in low exercise capacity and reduced survival in chronic heart failure (CHF). We hypothesized that 8-week n-3-PUFA isocaloric partial dietary replacement (Fat = 5.5% total cal; EPA + DHA = 27% total fat) normalizes gastrocnemius muscle (GM) mitochondrial dynamics regulators, mitochondrial and tissue pro-oxidative changes, and catabolic derangements, resulting in preserved GM mass in rodent CHF [Myocardial infarction (MI)-induced CHF by coronary artery ligation, left-ventricular ejection fraction Results: Compared to control animals (Sham), CHF had a higher GM mitochondrial fission-fusion protein ratio, with low ATP and high ROS production, pro-inflammatory changes, and low insulin signalling. n-3-PUFA normalized all mitochondrial derangements and the pro-oxidative state (oxidized to total glutathione ratio), associated with normalized GM cytokine profile, and enhanced muscle-anabolic insulin signalling and prevention of CHF-induced GM weight loss (all p < 0.05 vs. CHF and p = NS vs. S). Conclusions: n-3-PUFA isocaloric partial dietary replacement for 8 weeks normalizes CHF-induced derangements of muscle mitochondrial dynamics regulators, ROS production and function. n-3-PUFA mitochondrial effects result in preserved skeletal muscle mass, with potential to improve major patient outcomes in clinical settings.
Electrophysiologic properties of lidocaine, cocaine, and n-3 fatty-acids block of cardiac Na<SUP>+</SUP> channels; Lidocaine and cocaine, two local anesthetics, and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oils, inhibit the voltage-gated Na+ channels of cardiomyocytes. This inhibition by lidocaine and n-3 fish oil is associated with antiarrhythmic effects, whereas with cocaine lethal arrhythmias may occur. These electrophysiologic studies show that at the concentrations tested, the n-3 fish oil fatty acids and lidocaine share three actions on I-Na: a potent inhibition of I-Na; a strong voltage-dependence of this inhibition, and a large shift of the steady-state inactivation to hyperpolarized potentials. By contrast cocaine shares only the potent inhibition of I-Na. The voltage-dependence of the inhibition is much decreased with cocaine, which produces only a very small leftward shift of the voltage-dependence of inactivation. The large leftward shift of the steady-state inactivation seems very important in the prevention of fatal arrhythmias by the n-3 fatty acids. Thus, we suggest that it is lack of this effect by cocaine, which is one factor, that eliminates its ability to prevent fatal cardiac arrhythmias. Further we report that in cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes n-3 fish oil fatty acids terminate the tachycardia induced by the alpha(1) adrenergic agonist, phenylephrine, whereas cocaine accelerates the tachycardia and causes bouts of tachyarythmias. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
STUDIES ON TRANSFER OF OMEGA-3 FATTY-ACIDS INTO BOVINE-MILK FAT; A milk fat enriched with omega-3 fatty acids may be of interest for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. It is controversial up to now if and how much of long-cabin polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids in marine oils can be utilized by the bovine mammary gland for milk fat synthesis even if they are protected from biohydrogenation by the rumen microflora. Two lactating cows got infusions of 220-420 g menhaden oil per day for 28 or 43 days, respectively. The average depression of milk fat and protein content was 0.5 or less than 0.2%, respectively. The average steady state omega-3 fatty acid content in milk fat following 420 g menhaden oil was 6 weight%. Hence, 35-40% of the infused omega-3 fatty acids were transferred to milk fat under therse conditions. Trans fatty acids content of C18-isomeres was never more than 5 weight%. It is concluded that a surprisingly efficient transifer of long-chain poly-unsaturated fatty acids of marine oils into bovine milk fat is possible.
The Effects of Low Dose n-3 Fatty Acids on Serum Lipid Profiles and Insulin Resistance of the Elderly: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Introduction: N-3 fatty acids have several beneficial effects on dyslipidemia and diabetes, conditions which are prevalent in the elderly. This study assessed the effects of low-dose n-3 fatty acids on serum lipid profile, lipoprotein(a), apolipoprotein B, fasting glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance in a group of elderly Iranians. Materials and Methods: A 6-month randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was carried out in 124 elderly residents of Kahrizak Charity Foundation aged >= 65. The intervention group was supplemented with 1 g/day fish oil capsule (with 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid, DHA; a total of 300 mg n-3 fatty acids as effective constituents). Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and after 6 months of the trial. Results: There were no significant effects of fish oil on the studied variables in the intervention group. In the placebo group, serum triglyceride significantly increased and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol significantly decreased (p = 0.01. and p = 0.009, respectively). By repeated measurement analysis after adjustments, the overall decrease in serum triglycerides compared with placebo was significant (p = 0.04). Conclusion: Supplementation with low dose n-3 fatty acids for 6 months could significantly protect elderly Iranians from a rise in serum triglycerides.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation augments sympathetic nerve activity responses to physiological stressors in humans; An inverse relation exists between omega-3 fatty acid intake and risk of cardiovascular disease development/mortality and sudden cardiac death in humans. Mechanisms underlying this cardioprotective effect are unknown, but could involve the autonomic nervous system. We tested the hypothesis that omega-3 fatty acid supplementation ("fish oil") would reduce muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest and attenuate increases during physiological stressors. MSNA (peroneal microneurography) was measured during rest, ischemic handgrip to fatigue (IHG), and a cold pressor test (CPT). Measurements were obtained before (PRE) and after (POST) 1 month of daily ingestion of either fish oil (experimental group, n=9) or olive oil capsules (control group, n=9). MSNA at rest was comparable PRE and POST in control (3+/-1 versus 3+/-1 bursts/30 seconds) and experimental (4+/-1 versus 5+/-1 bursts/30 seconds) subjects. IHG and CPT increased MSNA in both groups PRE and POST. MSNA, arterial blood pressure, and heart rate responses to the stressors were similar PRE and POST in the control group. In contrast, MSNA responses to IHG (Delta4+/-2 and Delta9+/-2 bursts/30 seconds; P<0.05 for PRE and POST, respectively) and CPT (Delta 4 +/- 1 versus Delta 10 +/- 2 bursts/30 seconds; P<0.05) were augmented after omega-3 fatty acid supplementation whereas arterial blood pressure and heart rate responses were unchanged. These data indicate that 1 month of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation does not change MSNA at rest but augments sympathetic outflow to physiological stressors. The mechanism underlying augmented MSNA responses to physiological stressors after omega-3 fatty acid supplementation is unknown, but may involve impaired peripheral vasoconstriction.
The omega-3 index: From biomarker to risk marker to risk factor; Blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids reflect the interplay of metabolism and the intake of omega-3-rich foods (eg, oily fish). Multiple lines of evidence link reduced tissue and/or blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids, as reflected in the erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid level (ie, the omega-3 index), with increased risk for coronary heart disease, especially sudden cardiac death. The purpose of this review is to examine the extent to which biomarkers like the omega-3 index qualify as coronary heart disease risk markers and/or risk factors based on new criteria from the American Heart Association and older guidelines proposed in 1965 by Sir Austin Bradford Hill. These standards include consistency, strength of association, biological plausibility, coherence, dose-response relationship, clinical utility, cost effectiveness, and prospective validation. The omega-3 index appears to fulfill many of the requirements for a risk marker and, more importantly, for a risk factor.
A Novel ω-3 Acid Ethyl Ester Formulation Incorporating Advanced Lipid Technologies™ (ALT®) Improves Docosahexaenoic Acid and Eicosapentaenoic Acid Bioavailability Compared with Lovaza®; Purpose: The US Food and Drug Administration has approved several highly purified omega-3 fatty acid prescription drugs for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia. These differ in the amounts and forms of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and/or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). This study compared the bioavailability of SC401 (1530 mg EPA-ethyl esters [EEs] and DHA-EEs plus Advanced Lipid Technologies* [ALT(1)], a proprietary lipid-delivery platform to improve absorption), with. Lovaza. (3600 mg omega-3, primarily EPA-EEs and DHA-EEs) under low-fat feeding conditions.
The cost-effectiveness of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids - The Australian healthcare perspective; Objectives: To examine the cost-effectiveness of a triglyceride lowering medication-icosapent ethyl added on to statin from Australian healthcare system perspective.
The Effects of Long-Chain Omega-3 Fish Oils and Multivitamins on Cognitive and Cardiovascular Function: A Randomized, Controlled Clinical Trial; Objective: Fish oils and multivitamins are two of the most commonly used dietary supplements. Fish oil use may reduce vascular risk factors associated with cognitive decline, thus providing benefits to both heart and brain health. Multivitamins may also have direct effects on brain function. The present study investigated the effects of fish oil, with and without the addition of a multivitamin, on cognitive and cardiovascular function.
MODULATION OF FASTED AND POSTPRANDIAL PLASMA LIPIDS IN HEALTHY VOLUNTEERS BY A DIETARY MIXTURE OF OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS AND CONJUGATED LINOLEIC ACID; Effects of a dietary combination of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3-PUFA) and conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) on fasting and postprandial plasma lipids was investigated in healthy volunteers with different ages and body mass index (BMI). Lean (BMI 20-26 kg/m2) and obese (BMI 29-35 kg/m2), young (20-37 years) and older (50-65 years) men consumed 3 g/day each of CLA and n-3-PUFA or 6 g/day control oil for 12 weeks in a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized crossover study. In older lean subjects, CLA/n-3-PUFA supplementation reduced fasting nonesterified fatty acids (NEFAs) concentrations compared with the control oil (P < 0.05). However, in older obese subjects, CLA/n-3-PUFA increased fasting low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.05) and postprandial total cholesterol levels (P < 0.05). In young lean subjects, CLA/n-3-PUFA reduced postprandial NEFA levels (P < 0.05) whereas in young obese subjects, postprandial total cholesterol and triacylglycerols were lowered (both P < 0.05). Therefore, a dietary combination of CLA together with n-3-PUFA may have favorable effects on plasma lipids in young and older lean men but detrimental effects in older obese men.
n-3 Fatty Acids and Periodontitis in US Adults; Background Periodontitis is a common, chronic inflammatory disease. Although n-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory properties, it is unclear whether n-3 fatty acids can treat or prevent periodontitis.
Triglycerides and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review Triglycerides (TGs) are measured as part of routine lipid profiles but their relationship to cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk has been controversial and overshadowed by high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Recent findings Epidemiological studies show a clear relationship of TG-containing lipoproteins including remnant particles with CVD risk with the effect being most clearly demonstrated through the excess risk captured by non-HDL-C compared with low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C). Mendelian randomisation studies show a consistent relationship of gene variants linked to TG metabolism with rates of CVD. Furthermore, meta-analyses of intervention trials with statins and other nonstatin drugs also suggest that reducing TGs is associated with benefits on rates of CVD events. Historical subgroup data from fibrate trials suggest benefits in patients with high TG:HDL ratios but seem to add little to optimized statin therapy. Recent trials with omega-3 fatty acids (specifically eicosapentaenoic acid) have suggested that high-dose formulations in contrast to low dose formulations have benefits on CVD outcomes. Further studies with newer agents are required to determine the place of TG-lowering drugs in therapeutic pathways. Trials with agents such as pemafibrate and vupanorsen may finally answer these questions.
Optimal omegas - barriers and novel methods to narrow omega-3 gaps. A narrative review; Dietary intakes of omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3LC-PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid are central to development and health across the life course. O3LC-PUFAs have been linked to neurological development, maternal and child health and the etiology of certain non-communicable diseases including age-related cognitive decline, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. However, dietary inadequacies exist in the United Kingdom and on a wider global scale. One predominant dietary source of O3LC-PUFAs is fish and fish oils. However, growing concerns about overfishing, oceanic contaminants such as dioxins and microplastics and the trend towards plant-based diets appear to be acting as cumulative barriers to O3LC-PUFAs from these food sources. Microalgae are an alternative provider of O3LC-PUFA-rich oils. The delivery of these into food systems is gaining interest. The present narrative review aims to discuss the present barriers to obtaining suitable levels of O3LC-PUFAs for health and wellbeing. It then discusses potential ways forward focusing on innovative delivery methods to utilize O3LC-PUFA-rich oils including the use of fortification strategies, bioengineered plants, microencapsulation, and microalgae.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Erythrocyte Membranes as Predictors of Lower Cardiovascular Risk in Adults without Previous Cardiovascular Events; Background: This study investigated the association of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) within erythrocyte membranes and cardiovascular risk assessed by three different estimates. Methods: Inclusion criteria were individuals of both sexes, 30 to 74 years, with at least one cardiovascular risk factor, and no previous cardiovascular events (n = 356). Exclusion criteria were individuals with acute or chronic severe diseases, infectious diseases, pregnant, and/or lactating women. Plasma biomarkers (lipids, glucose, and C-reactive protein) were analyzed, and nineteen erythrocyte membrane fatty acids (FA) were identified. The cardiovascular risk was estimated by Framingham (FRS), Reynolds (RRS), and ACC/AHA-2013 Risk Scores. Three patterns of FA were identified (Factor 1, poor in n-3 PUFA), (Factor 2, poor in PUFA), and (Factor 3, rich in n-3 PUFA). Results: Total cholesterol was inversely correlated with erythrocyte membranes C18:3 n-3 (r = -0.155; p = 0.004), C22:6 n-3 (r = -0.112; p = 0.041), and total n-3 (r = -0.211; p < 0.001). Total n-3 PUFA was associated with lower cardiovascular risk by FRS (OR = 0.811; 95% CI= 0.675-0.976). Regarding RRS, Factor 3 was associated with 25.3% lower odds to have moderate and high cardiovascular risk (OR = 0.747; 95% CI = 0.589-0.948). The ACC/AHA-2013 risk score was not associated with isolated and pooled FA. Conclusions: n-3 PUFA in erythrocyte membranes are independent predictors of low-risk classification estimated by FRS and RRS, which could be explained by cholesterol-lowering effects of n-3 PUFA.
Supplementation of Glutamine and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids as a Novel Therapeutic Intervention Targeting Metabolic Dysfunction and Exercise Intolerance in Patients with Heart Failure; With its increasing prevalence throughout the world, heart failure continues to be associated with high morbidity and mortality. Patients with heart failure develop progressive metabolic abnormalities, inflammation, and atrophy in the myocardium and skeletal muscle. Improvement in functional capacity as defined by exercise tolerance is essential for better quality of life and potentially survival of these patients. Therapeutic management options aimed at improving peripheral organ function are limited. Nutritional approaches with dietary supplementation in addition to current therapies are particularly appealing as they are novel and mechanistically different. In this article, we review the role of glutamine and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on metabolism and functional capacity in heart failure. These two compounds are of particular interest due to their synergistic role on oxidative metabolism, lipolysis and inflammation.
Vitamin E and ω-3 fatty acids:: Effectors of platelet responsiveness; This overview focuses on recent evidence in support of vitamin E and omega -3 fatty acids as positive effectors of cardiovascular health through their ability to influence signaling processes in platelets. Special emphasis is placed on vitamin E actions independent of antioxidant activity. The sometimes discordant findings among observational studies, clinical trials, and in vitro cellular studies have been scrutinized for clues to explain possible mechanisms of actions and suggest strategies for future work to define appropriate intakes of these two nutrients. Nutrition 2001;17:793-796. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 2001.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: The Way Forward in Times of Mixed Evidence; Almost forty years ago, it was first hypothesized that an increased dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish fat could exert protective effects against several pathologies. Decades of intense preclinical investigation have supported this hypothesis in a variety of model systems. Several clinical cardiovascular studies demonstrated the beneficial health effects of omega-3 PUFA, leading medical institutions worldwide to publish recommendations for their increased intake. However, particularly in recent years, contradictory results have been obtained in human studies focusing on cardiovascular disease and the clinical evidence in other diseases, particularly chronic inflammatory and neoplastic diseases, was never established to a degree that led to clear approval of treatment with omega-3 PUFA. Recent data not in line with the previous findings have sparked a debate on the health efficacy of omega-3 PUFA and the usefulness of increasing their intake for the prevention of a number of pathologies. In this review, we aim to examine the controversies on the possible use of these fatty acids as preventive/curative tools against the development of cardiovascular, metabolic, and inflammatory diseases, as well as several kinds of cancer.
Long-Term Administration of Eicosapentaenoic Acid Improves Post-Myocardial Infarction Cardiac Remodeling in Mice by Regulating Macrophage Polarization; Background-Consumption of n-3 fatty acids reduces the incidence of cardiovascular mortality in populations that consume diets rich in fish oil. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is an n-3 fatty acid known to reduce the frequency of nonfatal coronary events; however, the frequency of mortality after myocardial infarction (MI) is not reduced. The aims of this study were to determine whether long-term administration of EPA regulated cardiac remodeling after MI and to elucidate the underlying therapeutic mechanisms of EPA.
Effects of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on the expression of genes involved in the lipid metabolism and risk of atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis, the main cause of myocardial infarction, stroke, gangrene and other peripheral vascular diseases, also persists as the main cause of morbidity and mortality in Western populations. Roughly 17.5 million people died from cardiovascular diseases in 2005, representing 30% of the causes of death in that year, and in 2015, another 20 million people will die of cardiovascular diseases around the world. The n-3 fatty acids, especially the long-chain n-3 found in fish, have been shown to be particularly effective in the prevention and treatment of diseases such as dyslipidemias, diabetes mellitus and obesity, presenting an important cardioprotective effect. In this context, studies have found that at least some of the cardiovascular benefits associated with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic fatty acids regard the modulation of genes that respond to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors involved in lipid metabolism. This review will discuss some of the mechanisms of action of some n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on the metabolism of lipids and lipoproteins. In conclusion, many aspects that contribute to the risk of cardiovascular diseases are affected by n-3 intake. N-3 fatty acids not only reduce triglycerides, but also promote factors that increase adiponectin, reduce blood cholesterol levels and improve the reverse cholesterol transport, and all of these contribute to reducing the risk of atherosclerosis. However, additional studies are still necessary to elucidate all the cellular and molecular mechanisms responsible for the cardioprotective effect of n-3 fatty acids.
Nutritional treatment for acute and chronic traumatic brain injury patients; Proper nutrition is critical for recovery from traumatic brain injury (TBI). Prompt enteral feeding of moderate to severe TBI patients has been associated with significantly lower mortality and rates of infection. Probiotic supplementation has been associated with significantly lower rates of infection in TBI and other trauma patients. Human studies have suggested that supplementation with omega 3 fats, vitamin D, N-Acetylcysteine branched chain aminoacids, and zinc may be helpful for recovery from TBI. Animal TBI models have suggested that alpha-lipoic acid, magnesium, taunine, coenzyme Q(10), and many phytonutrients (such as resveratrol) are also helpful. Unfortunately, recent human clinical trials with citicoline in TBI and stroke patients have produced disappointing results. Much more research is needed on multifaceted nutritional strategies to treat TBI patients in both the immediate post-injury phase and throughout the patients lifespan.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Mixed Dementia; We examined the mechanisms of action of omega-3 (n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the contexts of both Alzheimer's disease (AD) and vascular dementia (VaD) in order to determine if the use of n-3s could be applicable in regards to mixed dementia (MD). Omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial to persons with MD by potentially reducing neuroinflammation associated with both AD and VaD symptoms. There is very little research in regards to MD. There are common threads between AD and VaD, and therapies that target these common threads should be explored. Since many persons with dementia exhibit both AD and VaD pathology, such treatments would be extremely beneficial if demonstrated to be efficacious.
Omega-3 fatty acids for atypical antipsychotic-associated hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: The objective of this open-label, preliminary study was to assess the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids for treating dyslipidemia associated with use of atypical antipsychotics.
Protection against Incidences of Serious Cardiovascular Events Study with daily fish oil supplementation in dialysis patients (PISCES): protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Patients with kidney failure with replacement therapy (KFRT) suffer premature cardiovascular (CV) mortality and events with few proven pharmacological interventions. Omega-3 polyunsaturated essential fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are associated with a reduced risk of CV events and death in non-dialysis patients and in patients with established CV disease but n-3 PUFAs have not been evaluated in the high risk KFRT patient population. Methods and analysis This multicentre randomised, placebo controlled, parallel pragmatic clinical trial tests the hypothesis that oral supplementation with n-3 PUFA, when added to usual care, leads to a reduction in the rate of serious CV events in haemodialysis patients when compared with usual care plus matching placebo. A target sample size of 1100 KFRT patients will be recruited from 26 dialysis units in Canada and Australia and randomised to n-3 PUFA or matched placebo in a 1:1 ratio with an expected intervention period of at least 3.5 years. The primary outcome to be analysed and compared between intervention groups is the rate of all, not just the first, serious CV events which include sudden and non-sudden cardiac death, fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease events. Ethics and dissemination This study has been approved by all institutional ethics review boards involved in the study. Participants could only be enrolled following informed written consent. Results will be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at scientific and clinical conferences. Trial registration number ISRCTN00691795
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Incident Ischemic Stroke and Its Atherothrombotic and Cardioembolic Subtypes in 3 US Cohorts; Background and Purpose-The associations of individual long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with incident ischemic stroke and its main subtypes are not well established. We aimed to investigate prospectively the relationship of circulating eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) with risk of total ischemic, atherothrombotic, and cardioembolic stroke.
Erythrocyte membrane fatty acid incorporation as a marker of fish diet in young overweight Europeans; It is now widely accepted that dietary supplementation with fish or fish products reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases. This beneficial effect has been attributed to the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content (n-3 PUFA). Volunteers (190) from 3 European countries: Iceland.(78), Ireland (42) and Spain (70), were included in 3 controlled diets with 30% caloric restriction, one with lean fish (cod), one with fatty fish (salmon), and another without fish but with high oleic sunflower oil capsules. Salmon diet was responsible for a statistical significant increase of total n-3 fatty acids, particularly EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid, 20:5n-3) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid, 22:6n-3, p < 0.001) in erythrocytes membrane fatty acids prepared from volunteers' blood. On the other hand, total n-6 fatty acids decreased significantly (p < 0.001) and AA (arachidonic acid, p = 0.021) was mainly responsible for this result. Cod diet significantly increased DHA level (p < 0.001), showing that this fatty acid is a good marker of fish consumption, even of fish species with a low fat content. A diet without fish incorporation for two months promoted a significant increase of AA (p < 0.001) and a decline of n-3 PUFA (p < 0.001).
Efficacy and safety of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in adjuvant treatments for colorectal cancer: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Colorectal cancer (CRC) ranks third globally. There are many adverse reactions to treatments such as surgeries and post-surgical chemotherapy, which affect patients' prognosis and reduce their life quality. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3FAs) have become an essential part of immune nutrition due to their anti-inflammatory properties, which improve body immunity and have attracted widespread attention. A systematic review focused on the efficacy and safety of O3FAs for patients undergoing surgeries in combination with chemotherapy or a surgery alone is lacking.
Causal Effects of Serum Levels of n-3 or n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Coronary Artery Disease: Mendelian Randomization Study; We aimed to investigate the causal effects of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) through Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis. This MR study utilized a genetic instrument developed from previous genome-wide association studies for various serum n-3 and n-6 PUFA levels. First, we calculated the allele scores for genetic predisposition of PUFAs in individuals of European ancestry in the UK Biobank data (N = 337,129). The allele score-based MR was obtained by regressing the allele scores to CAD risks. Second, summary-level MR was performed with the CARDIoGRAMplusC4D data for CAD (N = 184,305). Higher genetically predicted eicosapentaenoic acid and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid levels were significantly associated with a lower risk of CAD both in the allele-score-based and summary-level MR analyses. Higher allele scores for linoleic acid level were significantly associated with lower CAD risks, and in the summary-level MR, the causal estimates by the pleiotropy-robust MR methods also indicated that higher linoleic acid levels cause a lower risk of CAD. Arachidonic acid showed significant causal estimates for a higher risk of CAD. This study supports the causal effects of certain n-3 and n-6 PUFA types on the risk of CAD.
Influence of ω-6/ω-3 rich dietary oils on lipid profile and antioxidant enzymes in normal and stressed rats; To evaluate the influence of omega-6/omega-3 poly unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) containing oils on lipid profile and endogenous antioxidant enzymes in normal and stressed (immobilization) rats, 28 day old male Wistar rats were fed for 45 days with fat enriched special diet (10% fat) prepared with sunflower oil (SO) - omega-6 rich, mustard oil (MO) - omega-3 rich and groundnut oil - control respectively. SO treated normal rats have significantly reduced total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein - cholesterol (HDL-C) and catalase thereby significantly increased the atherogenic index (AI) and lipid peroxidation (LPO). However, treatment with MO increased superoxide dismutase; decreased LPO significantly. Under stress conditions AI and LPO were significantly high with SO and significantly less with MO. In addition, SO decreased HDL-C whereas MO decreased non-HDL-C significantly. Results suggest a protective role against AI and LPO in normal and stress conditions in MO. The quantity of omega-3 fatty acids in dietary oil may play a crucial role in the body against atherogenicity. The findings signify that not just PUFA, but type of PUFA present in dietary oil used is important.
Clinical efficacy of n-3 fatty acid supplementation in patients with asthma; The rising prevalence of asthma is an alarming health concern. The morbidity and mortality associated with asthma not only disrupts the quality of life, but it also escalates health care costs. Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease of the respiratory tract. An exaggerated production of the arachidonic acid-derived eicosanoids, leukotrienes, has been implicated as the chemical trigger for inflammation. n-3 fatty acid supplementation has been shown to suppress the synthesis of the n-6 series of leukotrienes by competing and inhibiting the metabolism of arachidonic acid. The results from epidemiological studies suggested that fish consumption was beneficially associated with lung function and prevalence of asthma. The data generated from clinical trials, however, indicated that n-3 fatty acid supplementation did not consistently improve severity of symptoms, lung functions, airway responsiveness, and medication use in asthmatic patients. Future research should focus on the effects of long-term supplementation using weight-based dosages on specific biochemical markers and clinical outcomes. Leading organizations have not included nutrition as part of the management guidelines for asthma. Meanwhile, regular fish consumption at least three times per week should be highly encouraged as part of a well-balanced diet and to meet the adequate intake levels established for n-3 fatty acids.
Intermediate and long-term residual cardiovascular risk in patients with established cardiovascular disease treated with statins; Introduction Statins remain the first-line treatment for secondary prevention of cardiovascular (CV) events, with lowering of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) being their therapeutic target. Although LDL-C reduction significantly lowers CV risk, residual risk persists, even in patients with well-controlled LDL-C; thus, statin add-on agents that target pathways other than LDL-C, such as the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid, may help to further reduce persistent CV risk in patients with established CV disease.Methods This narrative review examines the contemporary literature assessing intermediate- and long-term event rates in patients with established CV disease treated with statins.Results CV event rates among patients treated with statins who have established CV disease, including coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, or peripheral arterial disease, accumulate over time, with a cumulative incidence of CV events reaching up to approximately 40% over 10 years. Recurrent stroke occurs in up to 19% of patients seven years after a first cerebrovascular event. Repeat revascularization and CV-related death occurs in up to 38% and 33% of patients with peripheral artery disease after three years, respectively.Discussion Additional treatment strategies, such as eicosapentaenoic acid, are needed to reduce persistent CV risk in patients with established CV disease treated with statins.
Lipid mediator serum profiles in asthmatics significantly shift following dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids; ScopeIn contrast to well-characterized PUFA levels in serum, little is known regarding their downstream metabolic products. However, many of these compounds are lipid mediators with prominent roles during pro- and antiinflammatory processes.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Protect against High-Fat Diet-Induced Morphological and Functional Impairments of Brown Fat in Transgenic <i>Fat-1</i> Mice; The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in the regulation of energy homeostasis remains poorly understood. In this study, we used a transgenic fat-1 mouse model, which can produce n-3 PUFAs endogenously, to investigate how n-3 PUFAs regulate the morphology and function of brown adipose tissue (BAT). We found that high-fat diet (HFD) induced a remarkable morphological change in BAT, characterized by "whitening" due to large lipid droplet accumulation within BAT cells, associated with obesity in wild-type (WT) mice, whereas the changes in body fat mass and BAT morphology were significantly alleviated in fat-1 mice. The expression of thermogenic markers and lypolytic enzymes was significantly higher in fat-1 mice than that in WT mice fed with HFD. In addition, fat-1 mice had significantly lower levels of inflammatory markers in BAT and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in plasma compared with WT mice. Furthermore, fat-1 mice were resistant to LPS-induced suppression of UCP1 and PGC-1 expression and lipid deposits in BAT. Our data has demonstrated that high-fat diet-induced obesity is associated with impairments of BAT morphology (whitening) and function, which can be ameliorated by elevated tissue status of n-3 PUFAs, possibly through suppressing the effects of LPS on inflammation and thermogenesis.
Effects of dietary intervention and n-3 PUFA supplementation on markers of gut-related inflammation and their association with cardiovascular events in a high-risk population; Background & aims: Dysbiosis of the gut microbiota is associated with increased levels of circulating lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and subsequent activation of systemic inflammation. Diet is an important modulator of the gut microbiome.
Dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFA reduces weight gain and improves postprandial lipaemia and the associated inflammatory response in the obese JCR:LA-cp rat; Background: Postprandial dyslipidaemia occurs in obesity and insulin resistance (IR), and is associated with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease. We have recently established that the JCR: LA-cp rodent model develops postprandial dyslipidaemia concomitant with complications of the metabolic syndrome. Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are proposed to modulate plasma lipids, serum hormone levels, lipoprotein metabolism and the in. ammatory state; however, results remain inconsistent during conditions of IR.
Eicosapentaenoic acid vs. docosahexaenoic acid for the prevention of cardiovascular disease; Purpose of reviewPopulations with greater fatty fish intake have lower risk of coronary heart disease. However, trials testing omega-3 fatty acids (FA) on cardiovascular outcomes have yielded inconsistent results. In this review, we summarize the major cardiovascular trials examining omega-3 FA supplementation, and compare differences with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) alone vs. docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) combined with EPA.Recent findingsThe JELIS and REDUCE-IT trials both demonstrated significant reduction in cardiovascular events with high dose EPA in the form of icosapent ethyl (IPE), with a similar trend seen in the RESPECT-EPA trial. In contrast, the ASCEND, VITAL, STRENGTH, and OMEMI trials examining EPA+DPA combinations failed to demonstrate benefit. Beyond the difference in omega-3 FA formulations (IPE vs. omega-3 carboxylic acid), other differences between REDUCE-IT and STRENGTH include the achieved EPA levels, differing properties that EPA and DHA have on membrane stabilization, and the comparator oils tested in the trials.The totality of evidence suggests EPA alone, administered in a highly-purified, high-dose form, improves cardiovascular outcomes among patients with elevated triglycerides at high cardiovascular risk, but EPA and DHA together does not. Current guidelines endorse the use of IPE in statin-treated patients at high cardiovascular risk who have triglycerides >135 mg/dl.
Atherosclerosis and ω-3 fatty acids in the populations of a fishing village and a farming village in Japan; The effect of different dietary habits on atherosclerosis was investigated by examining the content of ordinary diets and relevant risk factors through a mass health survey on two village populations in Japan. In total, 261 inhabitants in the fishing village and 209 in the farming village were examined for body build, blood pressure, and blood chemistry. Information on smoking habits and food consumption was obtained using a semi-quantitative item-frequency questionnaire. Pulse wave velocity of the aorta, intima-media thickness of the carotid artery, and atherosclerotic plaques as obtained by ultrasonography were used as measures of atherosclerosis. All measures of atherosclerosis are lower in the fishing village than in the farming village in both men and women. There is a striking 5-8-fold difference in the number of atherosclerotic plaques (P < 0.0001) between the populations. The observed differences in atherosclerosis parallels differences in dietary habits and differences in the serum essential fatty acids. Evaluation of the <omega>-3 fatty acids over the combined populations reveals a negative association with the number of plaques in the common carotid while the omega -6 fatty acids shows a weak positive association with plaques. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Genetic variants in the metabolism of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids: their role in the determination of nutritional requirements and chronic disease risk; The tissue composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids is important to health and depends on both dietary intake and metabolism controlled by genetic polymorphisms that should be taken into consideration in the determination of nutritional requirements. Therefore at the same dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), their respective health effects may differ due to genetic differences in metabolism. Delta-5 and delta-6 desaturases, FADS1 and FADS2, respectively, influence the serum, plasma and membrane phospholipid levels of LA, ALA and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids during pregnancy, lactation, and may influence an infant's IQ, atopy and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. At low intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), polymorphisms at the 5-lipoxygenase (5-LO) level increase the risk for CHD whereas polymorphisms at cyclooxgenase-2 increase the risk for prostate cancer. At high intakes of LA the risk for breast cancer increases. EPA and DHA influence gene expression. In future, intervention studies on the biological effects of LA, ALA and LC-PUFAs, and the effects of genetic variants in FADS1 and FADS2, 5-LO and cyclooxygenase-2 should be taken into consideration both in the determination of nutritional requirements and chronic disease risk. Furthermore, genome-wide association studies need to include environmental exposures and include diet in the interaction between genetic variation and disease association.
A comparison of heart rate variability, <i>n</i>-3 PUFA status and lipid mediator profile in age- and BMI-matched middle-aged vegans and omnivores; Low heart rate variability (HRV) predicts sudden cardiac death. Long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA (C20-C22) status is positively associated with HRV. This cross-sectional study investigated whether vegans aged 40-70 years (n 23), whose diets are naturally free from EPA (20 : 5n-3) and DHA (22 : 6n-3), have lower HRV compared with omnivores (n 24). Proportions of LC n-3 PUFA in erythrocyte membranes, plasma fatty acids and concentrations of plasma LC n-3 PUFA-derived lipid mediators were significantly lower in vegans. Day-time interbeat intervals (IBI), adjusted for physical activity, age, BMI and sex, were significantly shorter in vegans compared with omnivores (mean difference -67 ms; 95% CI -130, -3.4, P < 0.05), but there were no significant differences over 24 h or during sleep. Vegans had higher overall HRV, measured as 24 h standard deviation of normal-to-normal intervals (SDNN) (mean adjusted difference 27 ms; 95% CI 1, 52, P = 0.039). Conversely, vegans presented with decreased 8 h day-time HRV: mean adjusted difference in SDNN -20 ms; 95% CI -37, -3, P = 0.021, with no differences during nocturnal sleep. Day-time parameters of beat-to-beat HRV (root of the mean of the sum of the squares of differences between adjacent normal-to-normal intervals, percentage of adjacent normal-to-normal intervals that differ by > 50% and high-frequency power) were similarly lower in vegans, with no differences during sleep. In conclusion, vegans have higher 24 h SDNN, but lower day-time HRV and shorter daytime IBI relative to comparable omnivores. Vegans may have reduced availability of precursor markers for pro-resolving lipid mediators; it remains to be determined whether there is a direct link with impaired cardiac function in populations with low-n-3 status.
DIETARY OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS DECREASE MORTALITY AND KUPFFER CELL PROSTAGLANDIN-E2 PRODUCTION IN A RAT MODEL OF CHRONIC SEPSIS; We tested the hypothesis that substitution of omega-3 fat for dietary omega-6 fat would reduce mortality and decrease Kupffer cell prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) production in a rat model of chronic sepsis. Rats were fed via gastrostomy for 12 days with isonitrogenous, isocaloric diets containing 15% of calories as either safflower oil (omega-6) or a 10:1 mixture of menhaden oil (omega-3) and safflower oil. After five days of feeding, animals received an intra-abdominal abscess of defined bacterial content. Survivors were killed on post-laparotomy day 6 in conjunction with liver perfusion and protease liver digestion for Kupffer cell isolation. Kupffer cell PGE2 production was measured by radioimmunoassay after 18 hours of cell culture and again after stimulation with 0 LPS, 10 ng/ml LPS, and 10-mu-g/LPS. Mortality was decreased in menhaden oil-fed animals compared with safflower oil-fed animals (16% vs. 35%). Kupffer cell PGE2 production was decreased in menhaden oil-fed animals at 18 hours (354 +/- 54 vs. 570 +/- 95 pg/0.1 ml; p = 0.09) and after stimulation with 10-mu-g/ml LPS (140 +/- 41 vs. 288 +/- 45 pg/0.1 ml; p = 0.03) compared with safflower oil-fed animals.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Promote Arrhythmogenic Remodeling of Cellular Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> Handling in a Postinfarction Model of Sudden Cardiac Death; It has been proposed that dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can reduce the risk of ventricular arrhythmias in post-MI patients. Abnormal Ca2+ handling has been implicated in the genesis of post-MI ventricular arrhythmias. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis that dietary n-3 PUFAs alter the vulnerability of ventricular myocytes to cellular arrhythmia by stabilizing intracellular Ca2+ cycling. To test this hypothesis, we used a canine model of post-MI ventricular fibrillation (VF) and assigned the animals to either placebo (1 g/day corn oil) or n-3 PUFAs (1-4 g/day) groups. Using Ca2+ imaging techniques, we examined the intracellular Ca2+ handling in myocytes isolated from post-MI hearts resistant (VF-) and susceptible (VF+) to VF. Frequency of occurrence of diastolic Ca2+ waves (DCWs) in VF+ myocytes from placebo group was significantly higher than in placebo-treated VF- myocytes. n-3 PUFA treatment did not decrease frequency of DCWs in VF+ myocytes. In contrast, VF- myocytes from the n-3 PUFA group had a significantly higher frequency of DCWs than myocytes from the placebo group. In addition, n-3 PUFA treatment increased beat-to-beat alterations in the amplitude of Ca2+ transients (Ca2+ alternans) in VF- myocytes. These n-3 PUFAs effects in VF- myocytes were associated with an increased Ca2+ spark frequency and reduced sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ content, indicative of increased activity of ryanodine receptors. Thus, dietary n-3 PUFAs do not alleviate intracellular Ca2+ cycling remodeling in myocytes isolated from post-MI VF+ hearts. Furthermore, dietary n-3 PUFAs increase vulnerability of ventricular myocytes to cellular arrhythmia in post-MI VF- hearts by destabilizing intracellular Ca2+ handling.
Effect of Omega-3 Dosage on Cardiovascular Outcomes: An Updated Meta-Analysis and Meta-Regression of Interventional Trials; Objectives: To quantify the effect of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids on cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention and the effect of dosage.
Serum levels of interleukin-18 are reduced by diet and n-3 fatty acid intervention in elderly high-risk men; Inflammation plays a central role in the development and progression of atherosclerosis, and inflammatory markers have been reported to predict cardiovascular events. Mediterranean-like diet and very long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation have been reported to reduce the risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, but the mechanisms are not fully clarified. The aims of the present study were to investigate the effect of such interventions on serum levels of inflammatory markers, and potential associations with changes in serum fatty acids and anthropometric measures. This was a randomized 2 x 2 factorial-designed trial comparing the effect of 3 years of dietary counseling, n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d), or both on different measures of atherosclerosis in elderly high-risk men (N = 563). Levels of interleukin-18 (IL-18) were decreased by diet (-10.5% vs baseline, P = .012 compared with no diet) and by n-3 PUFA supplementation (-9.9% vs baseline, P = .008 compared with placebo). Other measured inflammatory markers were not affected. Changes in IL-18 were significantly correlated to changes in triglycerides (r = 0.20, P < .001), eicosapentaenoic acid (r = -0.14, P = .030), docosahexaenoic acid(r = -0.14, P = .034), body mass index (r = 0.16, P < .001), and waist circumference (r = 0.12, P = .007). In conclusion, levels of IL-18 were significantly reduced by Mediterranean-like diet and n-3 PUFA supplementation. However, the changes correlated only weakly to changes in triglycerides, serum fatty acids, and anthropometric measures. The cardioprotective effects of both interventions might thus in part be explained by reduced levels of IL-18, but probably beyond changes in serum fatty acids and body composition. (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Endogenous Generation and Signaling Actions of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Electrophilic Derivatives; Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are beneficial for a number of conditions ranging from cardiovascular disease to chronic airways disorders, neurodegeneration, and cancer. Growing evidence has shown that bioactive oxygenated derivatives are responsible for transducing these salutary effects. Electrophilic oxo-derivatives of omega-3 PUFAs represent a class of oxidized derivatives that can be generated via enzymatic and nonenzymatic pathways. Inflammation and oxidative stress favor the formation of these signaling species to promote the resolution of inflammation within a fine autoregulatory loop. Endogenous generation of electrophilic oxo-derivatives of omega-3 PUFAs has been observed in in vitro and ex vivo human models and dietary supplementation of omega-3 PUFAs has been reported to increase their formation. Due to the presence of an alpha,beta-unsaturated ketone moiety, these compounds covalently and reversibly react with nucleophilic residues on target proteins triggering the activation of cytoprotective pathways, including the Nrf2 antioxidant response, the heat shock response, and the peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) and suppressing the NF-kappa B proinflammatory pathway. The endogenous nature of electrophilic oxo-derivatives of omega-3 PUFAs combined with their ability to simultaneously activate multiple cytoprotective pathways has made these compounds attractive for the development of new therapies for the treatment of chronic disorders and acute events characterized by inflammation and oxidative stress.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN BETA-CAROTENE AND ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION DEPENDS ON POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID STATUS - THE EURAMIC STUDY; Because antioxidants may play a role in the prevention of coronary heart disease by inhibiting the peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), the combined association of diet-derived antioxidants and PUFAs with acute myocardial infarction (MI) was investigated. This multicenter case-control study included 674 patients and 725 control subjects in eight European countries and Israel. Fatty acid composition and alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene levels were determined in adipose tissue; selenium level was determined in toenails. For alpha-tocopherol no association with MI was observed at any PUFA level. The overall multivariate odds ratio (OR) for low (10th percentile) versus high (90th percentile) beta-carotene was 1.98 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39 to 2.82). The strength of this inverse association with MI was dependent on PUFA levels (in tertiles): for low PUFA, the OR for low versus high beta-carotene was 1.79 (95% CI, 0.98 to 3.25), for medium PUFA the OR was 1.76 (95% CI, 1.00 to 3.11), and for high PUFA 3.47 (95% CI, 1.93 to 6.24). For selenium increased risk was observed only at the lowest PUFA tertile (OR, 2.49; 95% CI, 1.22 to 5.09). This interaction between selenium and PUFAs was not significant and may at least partly be explained by a higher proportion of smokers at the low PUFA level. These findings support the hypothesis that beta-carotene plays a role in the protection of PUFAs against oxidation and subsequently in the protection against MI. No evidence was found that alpha-tocopherol or selenium may protect against MI at any level of PUFA intake.
Exploratory Analysis on the Use of Statins with or without n-3 PUFA and Major Events in Patients Discharged for Acute Myocardial Infarction: An Observational Retrospective Study; Background: Combined treatment (CT) with statins and polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) resulted in a reduction of death and major cardiovascular events when administered after a myocardial infarction (MI). However, recent data suggests that CT may be ineffective because patients are currently treated aggressively and the risk may not be further decreased. We aimed to study the prevalence and the results on major outcomes with CT among patients discharged with a MI in Italy.
Effects of a Self-micro-emulsifying Delivery System Formulation Versus a Standard ω-3 Acid Ethyl Ester Product on the Bioavailability of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid: A Study in Healthy Men and Women in a Fasted State; Purpose: Intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with several potential health benefits, but standard ethyl ester (EE) formulations of these omega-3 fatty acids require the co-ingestion of fat for adequate absorption. The objective of this research was to assess the relative bioavailability of EPA and DHA administered in a proprietary self-micro-emulsifying delivery system (SMEDS) formulation compared with EPA and DHA in a standard omega-3 acid EE product in healthy men and women in a fasted state.
Dietary fried fish intake increases risk of CVD: the REasons for Geographic And Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) study; Objective: The objective of the present study was to examine the relationship of dietary fried fish consumption and risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality.
Consumption of omega-3 fatty acids and fish and risk of age-related hearing loss; Background: Identification of modifiable risk factors that could prevent or slow the development of age-related hearing loss (presbycusis) would be valuable. Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake may be related to age-related hearing loss.
The Association of Basal Insulin Glargine and/or n-3 Fatty Acids With Incident Cancers in Patients With Dysglycemia; OBJECTIVEEpidemiologic studies linking insulin glargine and glucose-lowering therapies to cancers and n-3 fatty acids to cancer prevention have not been confirmed. We aimed to assess the effect of insulin glargine and n-3 fatty acids on incident cancers within the context of the ORIGIN (Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention) trial.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSThe ORIGIN trial is an international, long-term, randomized two-by-two factorial study comparing insulin glargine with standard care and n-3 fatty acids with placebo (double blind) in people with dysglycemia at high risk for cardiovascular events. The primary outcome measure (cancer substudy) was the occurrence of any new or recurrent adjudicated cancer. Cancer mortality and cancer subtypes were also analyzed.RESULTSAmong 12,537 people (mean age 63.5 years, SD 7.8; 4,388 females), 953 developed a cancer event during the median follow-up of 6.2 years. In the glargine and standard care groups, the incidence of cancers was 1.32 and 1.32 per 100 person-years, respectively (P = 0.97), and in the n-3 fatty acid and placebo groups, it was 1.28 and 1.36 per 100 person-years, respectively (P = 0.39). No difference in the effect of either intervention was noted within predefined subgroups (P for all interactions 0.17). Cancer-related mortality and cancer-specific outcomes also did not differ between groups. Postrandomization HbA(1c) levels, glucose-lowering therapies (including metformin), and BMI did not affect cancer outcomes.CONCLUSIONSInsulin glargine and n-3 fatty acids have a neutral association with overall and cancer-specific outcomes, including cancer-specific mortality. Exposure to glucose-lowering therapies, including metformin, and HbA(1c) level during the study did not alter cancer risk.
Dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids suppress NHE-1 upregulation in a rabbit model of volume- and pressure-overload; Background: Increased consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) from fish oil (FO) may have cardioprotective effects during ischemia/reperfusion, hypertrophy, and heart failure (HE). The cardiac Na+/H+-exchanger (NHE-1) is a key mediator for these detrimental cardiac conditions. Consequently, chronic NHE-1 inhibition appears to be a promising pharmacological tool for prevention and treatment. Acute application of the FO omega 3-PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) inhibit the NHE-1 in isolated cardiomyocytes. We studied the effects of a diet enriched with omega 3-PUFAs on the NHE-1 activity in healthy rabbits and in a rabbit model of HE induced by volume-and pressure-overload. Methods: Rabbits were allocated to four groups. The first two groups consisted of healthy rabbits, which were fed either a diet containing 1.25% (w/w) FO (omega 3-PUFAs), or 1.25% high-oleic sunflower oil (omega 9-MUFAs) as control. The second two groups were also allocated to either a diet containing omega 3-PUFAs or omega 9-MUFAs, but underwent volume- and pressure-overload to induce HE Ventricular myocytes were isolated by enzymatic dissociation and used for intracellular pH (pH(i)) and patch-clamp measurements. NHE-1 activity was measured in HEPES-buffered conditions as recovery rate from acidosis due to ammonium prepulses. Results: In healthy rabbits, NHE-1 activity in omega 9-MUFAs and omega 3-PUFAs myocytes was not significantly different. Volume- and pressure-overload in rabbits increased the NHE-1 activity in omega 9-MUFAs myocytes, but not in omega 3-PUFAs myocytes, resulting in a significantly lower NHE-1 activity in myocytes of omega 3-PUFA fed HE rabbits. The susceptibility to induced delayed afterdepolarizations (DADs), a cellular mechanism of arrhythmias, was lower in myocytes of HE animals fed o3-PUFAs compared to myocytes of HE animals fed omega 9-MUFAs. In our rabbit HE model, the degree of hypertrophy was similar in the omega 3-PUFAs group compared to the omega 9-MUFAs group. Conclusion: Dietary omega 3-PUFAs from FO suppress upregulation of the NHE-1 activity and lower the incidence of DADs in our rabbit model of volume- and pressure-overload.
Laxative Effects and Phytochemical Analysis of <i>Perilla frutescens</i> Seed Oil by Using Gas Chromatography: A Good Source of Omega Fatty Acids; Perilla frutescens seeds contain fixed oil that is used as edible oil. Perilla seed oil is a good source of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as alpha or a-linolenic acid (ALA/omega-3 FAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) like oleic acid (LA). This work was devoted to physicochemical characterization, gas chromatography (GA) analysis of the chemical composition, and estimation of the health benefits of fatty acids contained in the perilla seed oil. The seed oil was extracted with petroleum ether by using the Soxhlet apparatus. Petroleum ether extract of perilla seeds contained about 35 - 38% oil. The oil had a specific gravity of 0.924 g/cm(3) at 31 & DEG;C, 180.92 saponification values, 1.68 acid value, 1.68 peroxide value, 135.0 iodine value, and 1.8% unsaponifiable matter. Methyl ester of perilla oil prepared for the GC analysis showed the presence of alpha-linolenic acid (omega-3-FA/omega-3-FA), linoleic acid (omega-6-FA/omega-6-FA), oleic acid (omega-9/omega-9 FA), stearic acid, and palmitic acid. Experiments on animals revealed laxative effects of P. frutescens seed oil taken orally in doses of 5 and 10 mL/kg body weight. The effects of laxatives were measured in terms of feces consistency (percentage), quantity of feces pellets, and stool frequency (times per day). According to the findings, perilla seed oil has a laxative effect. It may be concluded that perilla seed oil contain a significant amount of PUFAs and MUFAs, which is beneficial for human health.
Marine n-3 fatty acids, wine intake, and heart rate variability in patients referred for coronary angiography; Background-Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) derived from fish may reduce the incidence of sudden cardiac death (SCD). In addition, wine drinking is suggested to have a protective effect against cardiovascular death.
Evidence regarding an effect of marine n-3 fatty acids on preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background. Preterm delivery remains a substantial healthcare problem, complicating 5-10% of pregnancies, and is the major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality in the developed world. Few effective methods to prevent preterm delivery have been identified to date. Objective. To review systematically the evidence from randomized controlled trials with respect to the hypothesis that increased consumption of marine n-3 fatty acids in pregnancy can prevent preterm birth. Setting. Electronic searches of the following databases were performed: PubMed (1995-2009), SCOPUS including EMBASE (1995-2009), and Cochrane Library. A combination of key words and text words related to fish oil, marine n-3 fatty acids, fish consumption, preterm birth, preterm delivery, prematurity, pregnancy duration, gestational age, parturition, delivery and pregnancy were used. Methods. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of relevance was conducted. Three trials were included, comprising 921 women for whom data on gestational age and 1 187 women for whom data on birthweight were available. Results. Overall, 46 (8.9%) of 516 women who received n-3 fatty acids gave birth before 37 completed weeks of gestation, compared with 66 (16.3%) of 405 in the control group [relative risk 0.61; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40-0.93;p<0.05]. Data on delivery before 34 completed weeks showed the same trend (relative risk 0.32; 95% CI 0.09-0.95). Overall, the mean birthweight was 71g higher in women who received n-3 fatty acids during pregnancy (95% CI 4.73-138.12; p<0.05). The rate of low birthweight was not statistically significantly different between the intervention and the control groups. The mean gestational age at delivery was significantly higher by 4.5days in the intervention group supplemented with n-3 fatty acids compared with placebo (95% CI 2.3-6.8; p<0.05). Conclusions. Marine n-3 fatty acids administered in pregnancy reduce the rate of preterm birth and increase birthweight.
Fish, Fish Oils and Cardioprotection: Promise or Fish Tale?; Fish and commercially available fish oil preparations are rich sources of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are the most important fatty acids in fish oil. Following dietary intake, these fatty acids get incorporated into the cell membrane phospholipids throughout the body, especially in the heart and brain. They play an important role in early brain development during infancy, and have also been shown to be of benefit in dementia, depression, and other neuropsychiatric disorders. Early epidemiologic studies show an inverse relationship between fish consumption and the risk of coronary heart disease. This led to the identification of the cardioprotective role of these marine-derived fatty acids. Many experimental studies and some clinical trials have documented the benefits of fish oil supplementation in decreasing the incidence and progression of atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, heart failure, arrhythmias, and stroke. Possible mechanisms include reduction in triglycerides, alteration in membrane fluidity, modulation of cardiac ion channels, and anti-inflammatory, anti-thrombotic, and anti-arrhythmic effects. Fish oil supplements are generally safe, and the risk of toxicity with methylmercury, an environmental toxin found in fish, is minimal. Current guidelines recommend the consumption of either one to two servings of oily fish per week or daily fish oil supplements (around 1 g of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids per day) in adults. However, recent large-scale studies have failed to demonstrate any benefit of fish oil supplements on cardiovascular outcomes and mortality. Here, we review the different trials that evaluated the role of fish oil in cardiovascular diseases.
Lifelong n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Exposure Modulates Size of Mammary Epithelial Cell Populations and Expression of Caveolae Resident Proteins in Fat-1 Mice; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have been associated with reduced breast cancer risk; however, the exact mechanism remains elusive. Female wildtype (WT) and fat-1 mice were fed a 10% safflower diet until 6 weeks of age. Mammary gland epithelial cells (EC) were isolated and EC populations were determined by CD24 surface expression. Fat-1 mice expressed 65%, 20%, and 15% while WT mice expressed 65%, 26% and 9% for non-, myo- and luminal ECs, respectively. The luminal EC population was significantly greater in fat-1 mice (p <= 0.05), while the total number of mammary ECs were similar between groups (p = 0.79). Caveolae was isolated from ECs and Her-2/neu, ER-alpha and cav-1 protein expression was determined by Western blotting. Fat-1 mice had a two-fold greater ER-alpha (p <= 0.05) and a 1.5-fold greater cav-1 (p <= 0.05) expression than WT with a similar amount of Her-2/neu protein (p = 0.990) between groups. Overall, this study provides novel mechanistic evidence by which n-3 PUFA modifies early mammary gland development that may potentially reduce breast cancer risk later in life.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Protect the Brain against Ischemic Injury by Activating Nrf2 and Upregulating Heme Oxygenase 1; Ischemic stroke is a debilitating clinical disorder that affects millions of people, yet lacks effective neuroprotective treatments. Fish oil is known to exert beneficial effects against cerebral ischemia. However, the underlying protective mechanisms are not fully understood. The present study tests the hypothesis that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) attenuate ischemic neuronal injury by activating nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) and upregulating heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) in both in vitro and in vivo models. We observed that pretreatment of rat primary neurons with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) significantly reduced neuronal death following oxygen-glucose deprivation. This protection was associated with increased Nrf2 activation and HO-1 upregulation. Inhibition of HO-1 activity with tin protoporphyrin IX attenuated the protective effects of DHA. Further studies showed that 4-hydroxy-2E-hexenal (4-HHE), an end-product of peroxidation of n-3 PUFAs, was a more potent Nrf2 inducer than 4-hydroxy-2E-nonenal derived from n-6 PUFAs. In an in vivo setting, transgenic mice overexpressing fatty acid metabolism-1, an enzyme that converts n-6 PUFAs to n-3 PUFAs, were remarkably resistant to focal cerebral ischemia compared with their wild-type littermates. Regular mice fed with a fish oil-enhanced diet also demonstrated significant resistance to ischemia compared with mice fed with a regular diet. As expected, the protection was associated with HO-1 upregulation, Nrf2 activation, and 4-HHE generation. Together, our data demonstrate that n-3 PUFAs are highly effective in protecting the brain, and that the protective mechanisms involve Nrf2 activation and HO-1 upregulation by 4-HHE. Further investigation of n-3 PUFA neuroprotective mechanisms may accelerate the development of stroke therapies.
Association of marine PUFAs intakes with cardiovascular disease, all-cause mortality, and cardiovascular mortality in American adult male patients with dyslipidemia: the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2001 to 2016; BackgroundThe relationship between marine polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake and cardiovascular disease and mortality in dyslipidemic patients is unclear. Men with dyslipidemia have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease than women, and PUFA supplementation may be more beneficial in men.ObjectiveThe purpose of this study was to assess the relationship between different types of marine polyunsaturated fatty acids intakes and cardiovascular disease, all-cause mortality, and cardiovascular mortality in adult U.S. males with dyslipidemia.MethodsThe study ultimately included 11,848 adult men with dyslipidemia who were screened from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between 2001 and 2016. This was linked to the 2019 National Death Index (NDI) records to establish a prospective cohort. In the study, a logistic regression model was established to assess the relationship between PUFA intake and prevalent CVD, and a Cox proportional hazards regression model was established to assess the relationship between PUFA intake and death.ResultsIn the fully adjusted models, compared with participants in the lowest tertile, participants with the highest DPA intake were associated with a lower risk of CVD (CVD: OR = 0.71, 95%CI: 0.55, 0.91; angina: OR = 0.54, 95%CI: 0.38, 0.79; stroke: OR = 0.62, 95%CI: 0.43, 0.89), but not with three subtypes of congestive heart failure, coronary heart disease, and myocardial infarction. And the highest tertile level of DPA intake can reduce all-cause mortality (HR = 0.77, 95%CI: 0.64, 0.91) and CVD mortality (HR = 0.68, 95%CI: 0.52, 0.90).ConclusionsCardiovascular disease risk, all-cause mortality, and CVD mortality were inversely associated with dietary DPA intake but not EPA and DHA intakes in U.S. male participants with dyslipidemia.
Heterogeneity in Randomized Controlled Trials of Long Chain (Fish) Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Restenosis, Secondary Prevention and Ventricular Arrhythmias; Randomized controlled trials of marine omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in relation to coronary heart disease (CHD) have inconsistent outcomes, yet public health messages are uniformly positive. Originally, fish were seen as a low saturated fat protein source, and later as a valuable source of omega-3 fatty acids. Early trials indicated that increased fish oil consumption prevented restenosis after coronary angioplasty. Later trials demonstrated that fish oils prolonged life post myocardial infarction (MI). Currently, the potential antiarrhythmic effects of fish derived omega-3 fatty acids are seen as the primary reason for cardiac benefits, as suggested by one trial with compliant subjects with implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), and sudden death reduction in a post MI trial.
Update on cardiometabolic health effects of ω-3 fatty acids; Purpose of reviewThe fish fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may promote cardiometabolic health. This review summarizes the results of recent meta-analyses of prospective studies on cardiovascular diseases, diabetes type 2 and markers of atherosclerosis and thrombosis.Recent findingsThe results of recently published meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies showed that eating fish once a week was associated with a 16% lower risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) and a 14% lower risk of stroke incidence, but was not related to heart failure. Fish consumption may be associated with a higher risk of diabetes in Western countries and a lower risk in Asian countries. Recent meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials showed that EPA-DHA supplementation reduced the risk of fatal CHD and sudden death by 10% of which the latter was not significant. Extra EPA-DHA did not reduce the risk of heart failure, stroke and cardiac arrhythmias. -3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation did reduce markers of ventricular fibrillation, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction and platelet aggregation.SummaryThere is strong evidence for a protective effect of -3 FA on fatal CHD and for some markers of atherosclerosis and thrombosis. Consistent results were not obtained for other vascular diseases and diabetes. -3 FA reduced markers of ventricular fibrillation but did not reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation.
Balanced Fatty Acid Intake Benefits and Mercury Exposure Risks: An Integrated Analysis of Chinese Commercial Freshwater Fish and Potential Guidelines for Consumption; Fish-related consumption advisories have emerged based on the benefits of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) intake and risks of Hg exposure from marine fish. However, only a few were based from freshwater fish. We integrated omega-3 FA and Hg data available from commonly eaten freshwater fish in China to provide a new perspective on consumption of these fish and also created a guide on the cost of basic omega-3 FA intake of 1750mg/week. Results show that freshwater fish exhibited low omega-3 FA and Hg levels. The Hg bioaccumulation of functional feeding groups was significantly different (p <.05). Carnivorous species indicated relatively high Hg levels, whereas planktivorous fish species showed high omega-3 FA levels and extremely low costs for basic omega-3 FA intake. Results indicate that an advisory regarding reasonable fish consumption is necessary to maximize omega-3 FA and to minimize Hg exposure risks to fish consumers. This study provides temporary advisories and guide research for the creation of a proper dietary pattern. The advisory could reduce confusion and enforce benefit and risk communication for freshwater fish consumers. However, additional biomonitoring data in fish are needed to create more appropriate and specific freshwater fish consumption guidelines for the public.
POTENTIAL BENEFITS OF CONSUMING OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS FOR ARTISTIC GYMNASTS; For an efficient daily training of gymnasts and, at the end, for an efficient performance, it is important to have an energy- and nutrient-sufficient diet, which enables a proper balance between maintaining appropriate body composition, excellent physical preparation, and general health. The combination of an intake of negative-calorie food and an increased amount of training, which enables the control of body weight, can have negative consequences when it comes to nutritional inadequacy, which can lead not only to a weakened immune system but also to an insufficient recovery after daily trainings. Today, athletes as well as gymnasts consume various dietary supplements to improve physical and cognitive abilities, for a more efficient recovery, a stronger immune system, and an easier control of appropriate body weight. A sufficient intake of omega-3 fatty acids - as is also true of vitamin B-12 and D - is usually a part of a special assessment of dietary habits and needs of gymnasts, which they can fulfil with ordinary diet or dietary supplements. The purpose of this article is to relatively clearly evaluate the scientific evidence about the potential benefits of consuming omega-3 fatty acids (ALA, EPA, and DHA) for a variety of objectives for gymnasts and, at the end, to critically sum them up in a sensible recommendation, while being aware of limitations of the evidence. Furthermore, this article is intended to encourage researchers to study the direct influence of nutrition and potentially beneficial and permitted dietary supplements for a variety of objectives for gymnasts.
Significant inverse association of marine n-3 fatty acids with plasma fibrinogen levels in Japanese in Japan but not in whites or Japanese Americans; Background/Objectives: Numerous studies reported beneficial effects of marine n-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors. However, the association of marine n-3 FAs with plasma fibrinogen, a risk factor for CVD, remains uncertain.
DNA methylation perturbations in genes involved in polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis associated with depression and suicide risk; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status has been associated with neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression and risk of suicide. Long-chain PUFAs (LC-PUFAs) are obtained in the diet or produced by sequential desaturation and elongation of shorter-chain precursor fatty acids linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6) and a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3). We compared DNA methylation patterns in genes involved in LC-PUFA biosynthesis in major depressive disorder (MDD) with (n =22) and without (n=39) history of suicide attempt, and age- and sex-matched healthy volunteers (n=59). Plasma levels of selected PUFAs along the LC-PUFA biosynthesis pathway were determined by transesterification and gas chromatography. CpG methylation levels for the main human LC-PUFA biosynthetic genes, fatty acid desaturases 1 (Fads 1) and 2 (Fads2), and elongation of very long-chain fatty acids protein 5 (ElovI5), were assayed by bisulfite pyrosequencing. Associations between PUFA levels and diagnosis or suicide attempt status did not survive correction for multiple testing. However, MDD diagnosis and suicide attempts were significantly associated with DNA methylation in ElovI5 gene regulatory regions. Also the relative roles of PUFA levels and DNA methylation with respect to diagnostic and suicide attempt status were determined by least absolute shrinkage and selection operator logistic regression analyses. We found that PUFA associations with suicide attempt status were explained by effects of ElovI5 DNA methylation within the regulatory regions. The observed link between plasma PUFA levels, DNA methylation, and suicide risk may have implications for modulation of disease-associated epigenetic marks by nutritional intervention.
Do long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids reduce arterial stiffness? A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Fish oils, rich in long-chain n-3 PUFA, are known to reduce various risk factors for CVD. However, conclusive evidence regarding the benefits of n-3 on arterial stiffness, a risk factor for CVD, has not yet been established. Consequently, we conducted the first study aimed to quantify the effects of n-3 supplementation on arterial stiffness through meta-analysis. Multiple databases and clinical trial registries were systematically searched up until September 2010 for randomised and controlled adult human clinical trials to investigate the effects of long-chain n-3 fatty acids on arterial stiffness. No limits were set on dosage sizes or sample characteristics. A total of ten n-3 trials met the final inclusion criteria; four using pulse wave velocity (PWV) and six using arterial compliance, measured as capacitive compliance or systemic arterial compliance, as respective outcome measures. Meta-analysis revealed that n-3 was statistically significant in effectively improving both PWV (g = 0.33; 95% CI 0.12, 0.56; P<0.01) and arterial compliance (g = 0.48; 95% CI 0.24, 0.72; P<0.001). There was no evidence of heterogeneity or publication bias. Results were not influenced by changes in blood pressure, heart rate or BMI. The findings of the present study reveal that supplementation with n-3 offers a scientifically supported means of reducing arterial stiffness. Reduction in arterial stiffness by n-3 may account for some of its purported cardioprotective effects.
Role of CYP1A1 in Modulating the Vascular and Blood Pressure Benefits of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; The mechanisms that mediate the cardiovascular protective effects of omega 3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have not been fully elucidated. Cytochrome P450 1A1 efficiently metabolizes n-3 PUFAs to potent vasodilators. Thus, we hypothesized that dietary n-3 PUFAs increase nitric oxide (NO)-dependent blood pressure regulation and vasodilation in a CYP1A1-dependent manner. CYP1A1 wild-type (WT) and knockout (KO) mice were fed an n-3 or n-6 PUFA-enriched diet for 8 weeks and were analyzed for tissue fatty acids and metabolites, NO-dependent blood pressure regulation, NO-dependent vasodilation of acetylcholine (ACh) in mesenteric resistance arterioles, and endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) and phospho-Ser1177-eNOS expression in the aorta. All mice fed the n-3 PUFA diet showed significantly higher levels of n-3 PUFAs and their metabolites, and significantly lower levels of n-6 PUFAs and their metabolites. In addition, KO mice on the n-3 PUFA diet accumulated significantly higher levels of n-3 PUFAs in the aorta and kidney without a parallel increase in the levels of their metabolites. Moreover, KO mice exhibited significantly less NO-dependent regulation of blood pressure on the n-3 PUFA diet and significantly less NO-dependent, ACh-mediated vasodilation in mesenteric arterioles on both diets. Finally, the n-3 PUFA diet significantly increased aortic phospho-Ser1177-eNOS/eNOS ratio in the WT compared with KO mice. These data demonstrate that CYP1A1 contributes to eNOS activation, NO bioavailability, and NO-dependent blood pressure regulation mediated by dietary n-3 PUFAs.
A reduced cost strategy for enriching chicken meat with omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids using dietary flaxseed oil; 1. This study aimed to determine the minimal duration required for feeding male broilers (Cobb 500) with a flaxseed oil diet while still retaining long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LCPUFA) accumulation in the meat at a desirable level.2. Three groups of broilers (60 each) were fed on a 3% flaxseed oil (high -linolenic acid (ALA)) diet for either 6, 4 or 2weeks prior to slaughter. During the remaining time they were maintained on a 3% macadamia oil (low ALA) diet. A fourth group (control, n=60) was fed on a commercial diet for 6weeks.3. No significant difference was observed in growth performance of broilers between groups. The amounts of total n-3 and n-3 LCPUFA in breast and thigh meat were not different between broilers fed the flaxseed oil diet for 4 and 6weeks, but they were lower (P<0.001) in those fed the flaxseed diet for only 2weeks.4. These results suggest comparable levels of n-3 LCPUFA in the meat can be achieved by only feeding the flaxseed oil diet in the last 3-4weeks of the growth period; this would result in a9.4% reduction in the use of flaxseed oil compared to 6weeks of feeding; thereby reducing the cost of the enrichment process.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids promote angiogenesis in placenta derived mesenchymal stromal cells; Enhancement of angiogenesis is solicited in wound repair and regeneration. Mesenchymal stromal cells derived from the placenta (P-MSCs) have an inherent angiogenic potential. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in turn, specifically the omega-3 (N-3) are essential for growth and development. They are also recommended as dietary supplements during pregnancy. We therefore hypothesized that addition of N-3 PUFAs in P-MSC culture media may enhance their angiogenic potential. Hence, we treated P-MSCs with omega-3 (N-3) fatty acids Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) at different concentrations and tested their angiogenic potential. We saw an upregulation of both bFGF and VEGFA. We also found enhanced in vitro tube formation ability of P-MSCs treated with DHA: EPA. We then looked at the influence of the conditioned medium (CM) collected from P-MSCs exposed to DHA: EPA on the key effector cells -HUVECs (Human Umbilical Vein derived endothelial cells and their functionality was further confirmed on chick yolk sac membrane. We found that the CM of P-MSCs exposed to DHA: EPA could enhance angiogenesis in both cases. These result were finally validated in an in vivo matrigel plug assay which revealed enhanced migration and vessel formation in CM treated with DHA: EPA. Our data thus reveals for the first time that supplementation with lower concentration of PUFA enhances the angiogenic potential of P-MSCs making them suitable for chronic wound healing applications.
Interaction of Vitamin D Supplements and Marine <i>n</i>-3 Fatty Acids on Digestive Tract Cancer Prognosis; A meta-analysis suggested that marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), might reduce cancer mortality. However, a randomized clinical trial of marine n-3 PUFA and vitamin D supplementation failed to verify this benefit. This study aimed to investigate the potential interaction between vitamin D supplementation and serum EPA and DHA levels. This post hoc analysis of the AMATERASU trial (UMIN000001977), a randomized controlled trial (RCT), included 302 patients with digestive tract cancers divided into two subgroups stratified by median serum levels of EPA + DHA into higher and lower halves. The 5-year relapse-free survival (RFS) rate was significantly higher in the higher half (80.9%) than the lower half (67.8%; hazard ratio (HR), 2.15; 95% CI, 1.29-3.59). In the patients in the lower EPA + DHA group, the 5-year RFS was significantly higher in the vitamin D (74.9%) than the placebo group (49.9%; HR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.24-0.78). Conversely, vitamin D had no effect in the higher half, suggesting that vitamin D supplementation only had a significant interactive effect on RFS in the lower half (p for interaction = 0.03). These results suggest that vitamin D supplementation may reduce the risk of relapse or death by interacting with marine n-3 PUFAs.
Ageing enhances the shedding of splenocyte microvesicles with endothelial pro-senescent effect that is prevented by a short-term intake of omega-3 PUFA EPA:DHA 6:1; Background: Ageing is associated with progressive endothelial senescence and dysfunction, and cardiovascular risk. Circulating endothelial microvesicles (MVs) are pro-senescent and pro-inflammatory endothelial effectors in acute coronary syndrome. Omega-3 PUFA intake was claimed beneficial in cardiovascular prevention.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and ventricular fibrillation: the possible involvement of eicosanoids; Increased dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce the incidence and severity of ventricular fibrillation (VF) in laboratory animals subjected to partial ischaemia and reduce the risk of cardiac arrest in humans after myocardial infarction. In whole animals there is considerable evidence which suggests that incorporation of these fatty acids into cardiac membrane phospholipids influences the production of a variety of eicosanoids having opposing arrhythmogenic or anti-arrhythmogenic properties, and that the balance of these actions is shifted in favour of an anti-arrhythmogenic state by feeding fish oil dietary supplements rich in omega-3 PUFA. However, differences in eicosanoid biosynthesis between species, between tissues of the same species and even between different intracellular sites within cells of the same tissue could influence experimental outcomes. The importance of further studies with the most appropriate whole animal models or tissues is emphasized, as is the difference between the structural integrity of cardiac muscle and cardiomyocytes in vitro. (C) 1999 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Dietary intake, biomarkers and supplementation of fatty acids and risk of coronary events: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and prospective observational studies; We aimed to review the association of dietary fats and risk of coronary events in adults. We searched PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL, Scopus, and Web of Sciences to April 2022 for prospective cohorts and randomized trials investigating the association of dietary intake and biomarkers of fats and fatty acid interventions and the risk of coronary events. We performed random-effects meta-analyses to estimate relative risk (RR) for the top versus bottom tertiles of exposures. One-hundered sixty-five prospective cohorts and randomized trials were included. Dietary intake and biomarkers of total fat and saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids were not associated with the risk of coronary events. Dietary intake of trans fatty acids, palmitic acid, stearic acid, and saturated fatty acids from meat and unprocessed meat was modestly associated with a higher risk and, in contrast, intake of alpha-linolenic acid, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and linoleic acid was modestly associated with a lower risk. Supplementation with long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and increasing the consumption of alpha-linolenic and linoleic acids in place of saturated fats reduced the risk of coronary events. Existing evidence, in its totality, provides a modest support in favor of current recommendations suggesting replacement of saturated fats with polyunsaturated fats.
Vulnerability to omega-3 deprivation in a mouse model of NMDA receptor hypofunction; Several studies have found decreased levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the brain and blood of schizophrenia patients. Furthermore, dietary omega-3 supplements may improve schizophrenia symptoms and delay the onset of first-episode psychosis. We used an animal model of NMDA receptor hypofunction, NR1KD mice, to understand whether changes in glutamate neurotransmission could lead to changes in brain and serum fatty acids. We further asked whether dietary manipulations of omega-3, either depletion or supplementation, would affect schizophrenia-relevant behaviors of NR1KD mice. We discovered that NR1KD mice have elevated brain levels of omega-6 fatty acids regardless of their diet. While omega-3 supplementation did not improve any of the NR1KD behavioral abnormalities, omega-3 depletion exacerbated their deficits in executive function. Omega-3 depletion also caused extreme mortality among male mutant mice, with 75% mortality rate by 12 weeks of age. Our studies show that alterations in NMDAR function alter serum and brain lipid composition and make the brain more vulnerable to dietary omega-3 deprivation.
Dietary Supplementation With the Omega-3 Fatty Acid Docosahexaenoic Acid in Traumatic Brain Injury?; BACKGROUND: Although various strategies for prevention of brain disease have been implemented, no substance has been found to be advantageous for prophylaxis against brain injury.
DEPENDENCE ON DIETARY-CHOLESTEROL FOR N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACID-INDUCED CHANGES IN PLASMA-CHOLESTEROL IN THE SYRIAN-HAMSTER; Male Syrian hamsters consumed diets containing incremental increases in dietary n-3 fatty acids from fish oil with either low (0.015% w/w) or moderate (0.1% w/w) dietary cholesterol content. Animals consuming diets containing moderate cholesterol, but not animals consuming diets containing low cholesterol, had increased plasma very low (VLDL)- and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels with increasing fish oil consumption. The plasma concentration of high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol decreased by 43 and 32% with the consumption of the highest fish oil diets in the low and moderate dietary cholesterol groups, respectively. Hepatic LDL-receptor binding activity did not change with the consumption of low cholesterol diets, but gradually decreased with fish oil consumption in animals consuming the moderate cholesterol diets. Hepatic LDL-receptor binding and plasma LDL-cholesterol levels of the different dietary fish oil groups were highly correlated (r = -0.91). Fish oil consumption also caused an increase in hepatic free cholesterol but a decreased cholesteryl ester content. Therefore, in the Syrian hamster, the consumption of n-3 fatty acids increases LDL-cholesterol levels which can be partially explained by decreased hepatic LDL-receptor binding and this response to dietary n-3 fatty acids is dependent on the dietary cholesterol content. However, the effects of dietary n-3 fatty acids on HDL-cholesterol are independent of dietary cholesterol content.
Preemptive enteral nutrition enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid, gamma-linolenic acid and antioxidants in severe multiple trauma: a prospective, randomized, double-blind study; Severe injury triggers a complex systemic immune response which may result in significant respiratory compromise, including the development of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). No randomized clinical trial has assessed the role of nutritional interventions to limit respiratory complications.
Intrinsic heart rate recovery after dynamic exercise is improved with an increased omega-3 index in healthy males; Dietary fish consumption contributes to a reduced risk of cardiac mortality. In the present study, the effect of low-dose fish oil (FO) supplementation on heart rate (HR) response to intense exercise and recovery was investigated in physically fit males. The subjects (n 26) were supplemented (double-blind, parallel design) with (2 x 1 g/d) soya bean oil (control) or tuna FO providing the long-chain n-3 PUFA DHA (560 mg) and EPA (140 mg). Erythrocyte omega-3 index (%EPA+DHA), HR, HR variability and HR recovery were analysed during rest, intense exercise and recovery at baseline and after 8 weeks of supplementation. The mean erythrocyte omega-3 index, which did not differ between the groups at baseline (control 4.2 (SEM 0.2), n 13; FO 4.7 (SEM 0.2), n 13), remained unchanged in the control group (3.9 (SEM 0.2)), but increased in the FO group (6.3 (SEM 0.3); P<0.01). The mean HR during supine resting conditions (control 56 (SEM 10); FO 59 (SEM 9)) was not affected by FO supplementation. Poincare analysis of HR variability at rest exhibited a decreasing trend in parasympathetic activity in the FO group (SD1 (standard deviation of points perpendicular to the axis of line of identity)/SD2 (standard deviation of points along the axis of line of identity): control 0.02 (SEM 0.01); FO -0.05 (SEM 0.02); P=0.18). Peak HR was not affected by supplementation. However, during submaximal exercise over 5 min, fewer total heart beats were recorded in the FO group (222 (SEM 6) (=-4.5 beats/min)), but not in the control group (+1 (SEM 4)) (P<0.05). Supine HR recovery (half-time) after cycling was significantly faster after FO supplementation (control -0.4 (SEM 1.2) s; FO -8.0 (SEM 1.7) s; P<0.05). A low intake of FO increased the omega-3 index and reduced the mean exercise HR and improved HR recovery without compromising the peak HR. A direct influence of DHA via reductions in the cardiac intrinsic beat rate was balanced by a reciprocal decrease in vagal tone.
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce post-operative risk of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism after surgery for elderly patients with proximal femoral fractures: a randomized placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial; Background Elderly patients with proximal femoral fractures face elevated risk of post-operative deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, due to the lack of suitable treatment plans after surgery and hospital discharge. This study aimed to investigate the effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in the above-described clinical setting. Methods Five hundred and seven elderly patients (> 60 years of age) suffering from proximal femoral fractures were recruited. After exclusion, 452 eligible patients were assigned in a random manner to receive either omega-3 fatty acids at the daily dose of 1000 mg or placebo, via oral administration for a period of 30 days after surgery. At the end of intervention, the incidences of pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, and other related complications were compared between the two study groups. Results Incidences of pulmonary embolism as well as deep vein thrombosis, including events leading to fatality, were significantly reduced by the 30-day omega-3 fatty acid intervention. But other related complications, such as haematoma evacuation, post-operative wound bleed, wound infection with frank pus, and other bleed events that required transfusion, were not affected after omega-3 fatty acid consumption. Conclusion Daily supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids decreases the risk of pulmonary embolism as well as symptomatic deep vein thrombosis, after surgery among elderly patients with proximal femoral fractures, without causing elevated risk of bleeding episodes.
Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide Plasma Level Influences the Effect of n-3 PUFA Supplementation; Elevated glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) levels in obesity may predict the metabolic benefits of n-3 PUFA supplementation. This placebo-controlled trial aimed to analyze fasting and postprandial GIP response to 3-month n-3 PUFA supplementation (1.8 g/d; DHA:EPA, 5:1) along with caloric restriction (1200-1500 kcal/d) in obese subjects. Compliance was confirmed by the incorporation of DHA and EPA into red blood cells (RBCs). Blood analyses of glucose, insulin, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), GIP and triglycerides were performed at fasting, and during an oral glucose tolerance test and a high fat mixed-meal tolerance test. Fatty acid composition of RBC was assessed by gas chromatography and total plasma fatty acid content and composition was measured by gas-liquid chromatography. The DHA and EPA content in RBCs significantly increased due to n-3 PUFA supplementation vs. placebo (77% vs. -3%, respectively). N-3 PUFA supplementation improved glucose tolerance and decreased circulating NEFA levels (0.750 vs. 0.615 mmol/L), as well as decreasing plasma saturated (1390 vs. 1001 mu g/mL) and monounsaturated (1135 vs. 790 mu g/mL) fatty acids in patients with relatively high GIP levels. The effects of n-3 PUFAs were associated with the normalization of fasting (47 vs. 36 pg/mL) and postprandial GIP levels. Obese patients with elevated endogenous GIP could be a target group for n-3 PUFA supplementation in order to achieve effects that obese patients without GIP disturbances can achieve with only caloric restriction.
Effect of a long chain n-3 PUFA-enriched diet on production and reproduction variables in Holstein dairy cows; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a rumen-protected fish oil supplement on the production and reproduction variables in postpartum dairy cows. Holstein cows (n=46) were given a basal total mixed diet plus one PUFA supplement: n-3 (n-3; protected fish oil; 1% dry matter intake (DMI); n=23) or control (n-6; toasted soybeans; 1.8% DMI; n=23), in a switchback design over two consecutive lactations. Supplements were added to the diet between calving and 2 months after calving to assess the effect on growth and maturation of ovarian follicles from which ovulation occurred around the day of insemination. Body weight (BW), milk yield (MY) and composition, dry matter intake (DMI), energy balance (EB), subcutaneous fat thickness, plasma fatty acid composition, plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), glucose and urea concentrations, follicular activity, embryo mortalities and fertility (conception rate after first AI, AII) were assessed. BW, MY, DMI, plasma NEFA, glucose and urea were unaffected by the diet. There was a trend of an increased number of large follicles (diameter >= 10 mm) with the n-3 dietary supplementation (P=0.06) and a decrease in infertility or early embryo mortality rate 21 days after AI, 13.5% in the n-3 compared with 38.8% in the n-6 group (P = 0.09), with no effect on the conception rate at 35 d or 90 d after All. These data suggest that the effect seen on ovarian variables is not associated with an effect on production and metabolic variables and is specific to n-3 PUFA supplementation. Further studies are necessary to determine whether DHA or EPA enhances fertility in lactating dairy cattle. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on postprandial triglycerides and monocyte activation; Objective: Epidemiologic studies suggest that elevated postprandial triglycerides (ppTG) are associated with future cardiovascular events. Monocyte activation plays an important role in vascular diseases. Omega-3 fatty acids (n3-FA) lower fasting TG levels. The effects of n3-FA on ppTG and the role of ppTG for monocyte activation are insufficiently understood.
Efficacy of fish oil and its components in the management of psoriasis: a systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials; Context: Fish oil and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory properties, but their effect on psoriasis and its comorbidities remains inconclusive. Objective: The aim of this quantitative systematic review was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fish oil and its components in the treatment of psoriasis and its comorbidities. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, China Network Knowledge Infrastructure, China Science and Technology Journal Database, and Wanfang databases were searched from inception to March 30, 2019. Study Selection: Randomized controlled trials were eligible for inclusion if they measured the effect of fish oil and its components in the treatment of patients with psoriasis. Data Extraction: Eighteen randomized controlled trials involving 927 study participants were included. Results: Monotherapy with fish oil or omega-3 PUFAs had no effect on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score (P = 0.47), lesion area (P = 0.34), or pruritus (P = 0.62). Fish oil or omega-3 PUFAs combined with conventional treatments, however, resulted in a decreased PASI score (mean difference [MD], -3.92; 95%CI, -6.15 to -1.69; P = 0.0006) and lesion area (MD, -30.00; 95%CI, -33.82 to -26.18; P < 0.0001). Safety evaluation suggested no between-group differences. Fish oil and its components reduced certain risk factors for obesity, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic disease in patients with psoriasis and also regulated several inflammatory mediators. Conclusions: Overall, when combined with conventional treatments, fish oil and its components may have beneficial effects on psoriasis and its comorbidities, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic disease.
N-3 fatty acids as secondary prevention against cardiovascular events in patients who undergo chronic hemodialysis: A randomized, placebo-controlled intervention trial; Patients who are treated with chronic hemodialysis (HD) experience premature cardiovascular disease and an increased mortality. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may be effective in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, but the effects of n-3 PUFA has not previously been examined in HD patients. It was hypothesized that secondary prevention with n-3 PUFA would reduce the number of cardiovascular events and death in patients who are treated with chronic HD. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention trial compared the effect of n-3 PUFA and a control treatment as secondary prevention of cardiovascular events in HD patients. The primary outcome was a composite of total cardiovascular events and death. A total of 206 patients were randomly assigned to treatment with n-3 PUFA or control treatment and followed for 2 yr or until reaching a predefined end point. During the trial, 121 (59%) of 206 patients reached a primary end point. N-3 PUFA had no significant effect on the primary composite end point of cardiovascular events and death (62 versus 59; NS). In the n-3 PUFA group, a significant reduction was seen in the number of myocardial infarctions (four versus 13; P 0.036). This trial was limited by a relatively small number of patients and a large number of withdrawals. However, it is concluded that treatment with n-3 PUFA did not reduce the total number of cardiovascular events and death in this high-risk population. N-3 PUFA significantly reduced the number of myocardial infarctions as a secondary outcome, a finding that might be of clinical interest.
Dietary fish and <i>ω</i>-3 fatty acid consumption and heart rate variability in US adults; Background-Fish and omega-3 fatty acid consumption reduce risk of cardiac death, but mechanisms are not well established. Heart rate variability (HRV) predicts cardiac death and reflects specific electrophysiological pathways and influences. We hypothesized that habitual consumption of fish and marine omega-3 fatty acids would be associated with more favorable HRV, elucidating electrophysiological influences and supporting effects on clinical risk.
Long-term safety and efficacy of TAK-085 in Japanese subjects with hypertriglyceridemia undergoing lifestyle modification: The omega-3 fatty acids randomized long-term (ORL) study; BACKGROUND: TAK-085 is an omega-3 preparation that contains eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl-ester (EPA-E) and docosahexaenoic acid-ethyl ester used in the management of hypertriglyceridemia.
Efficacy and safety of icosapent ethyl in hypertriglyceridaemia: a recap; Although low-density lipoprotein cholesterol lowering is effective in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) prevention, considerable 'lipid-associated' residual risk remains, particularly in patients with mild-to-moderate hypertriglyceridaemia (2-10 mmol/L; 176-880 mg/dL). Triglyceride (TG)-rich lipoproteins carry both TGs and cholesterol (remnant-cholesterol). At TG levels >5 mmol/L (440 mg/dL) vs. <1 mmol/L (88 mg/dL) or remnant-cholesterol >2.3 mmol/L (89 mg/dL) vs. <0.5 mmol/L (19 mg/dL), risk is similar to 1.5-fold elevated for aortic stenosis, 2-fold for allcause mortality, 3-fold for ischaemic stroke, 5-fold for myocardial infarction (MI), and 10-fold for acute pancreatitis. Furthermore, Mendelian randomization studies indicate that elevated TG-rich lipoproteins are causally related to increased risk of ASCVD and even all-cause mortality. While genetic and epidemiological data strongly indicate that TG-rich lipoproteins are causally linked to ASCVD, intervention data are ambiguous. Fibrates, niacin and low-dose omega-3 fatty acids have all been used in outcome trials, but have failed to demonstrate clear benefit in combination with statins. Whether the lack of additional benefit relates to methodological issues or true failure is indeterminate. Importantly, a recent intervention trial evaluating a high dose of eicosapentaenoic-acid showed clear benefit. Thus, REDUCE-IT evaluated the effect of icosapent ethyl (4 g/day) on cardiovascular outcomes in 8179 high-risk patients with moderate TG elevation on statin therapy. Over a median duration of 4.9years, the relative risk for the primary endpoint (composite of cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI, non-fatal stroke, coronary revascularization, or unstable angina) was reduced by 25% (absolute risk 17.2% vs. 22.0%; P < 0.0001; number needed to treat 21). High-dose icosapent ethyl intervention therefore confers substantial cardiovascular benefit in high-risk patients with moderate hypertriglyceridaemia on statin therapy.
Validation of a Brief Dietary Assessment Tool for Estimating Dietary EPA and DHA Intake in Australian Adults at Risk of Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Short food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) are powerful screening instruments for estimating nutrient intakes and play an important role in risk stratification in vulnerable populations. Omega-3 fatty acids are of increasing importance in the prevention of chronic and degenerative disease, especially in older adults who are at higher risk of these chronic conditions. A short FFQ exists to rapidly assess omega-3 intake from marine sources, however it has not previously been validated for agreement with total omega-3 intake and ability to identify suboptimal omega-3 intakes in older adults or for use in Australia.Objective: The aim of the study was to validate a 9-item marine omega-3 FFQ (MFQ) for assessment of omega-3 intake against a validated 74-item semiquantitative FFQ.Methods: One hundred and eight participants (mean age 67 10years, 47% male) completed the MFQ designed to estimate omega-3 intake from marine sources and the 74-item FFQ designed to estimate usual omega-3 and total energy intake in addition to other nutrients. To test agreement between the two questionnaires for estimating total omega-3 intake, mean bias and 95% limits of agreement (LOA) were calculated. Sensitivity and specificity were assessed using 2 x 2 contingency tables based on whether participants did or did not meet National Heart Foundation (NHF) recommendations for omega-3 intake per day.Results: Mean intake of omega-3 estimated from the MFQ was 210 +/- 235mg/day compared with 295 +/- 260mg/day as estimated by the FFQ. Mean bias (95% LOA) for omega-3 assessed by the two questionnaires was 89mg/day (-475mg to 653mg). The MFQ achieved 98% sensitivity and 31% specificity for the omega-3 cut-off of 500mg/day. When nutrient composition of the marine products were replaced with Australian data, mean intake of omega-3 was 230 +/- 253mg and the mean bias improved to 64mg (-681mg to 553mg) and achieved 93% sensitivity and 40% specificity.Conclusions: The MFQ shows promise as a rapid screening tool for identifying older adults with intakes of omega-3 fatty acids likely to be below recommendations for chronic and degenerative disease risk reduction. Given the clinically meaningful mean bias and wide LOA, it cannot be recommended as an appropriate tool for the purpose of reporting average intake of individuals. Use of Australian nutrient data improved the mean bias of the tool in estimating total omega-3 intake. The values should be replaced and the MFQ could then be a useful tool for research purposes at the population level.
Preliminary Validation of a High Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) and -Linolenic Acid (ALA) Dietary Oil Blend: Tissue Fatty Acid Composition and Liver Proteome Response in Atlantic Salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i>) Smolts; Marine oils are important to human nutrition as the major source of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a key omega-3 long-chain (>= C-20) polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 LC-PUFA) that is low or lacking in terrestrial plant or animal oils. The inclusion of fish oil as main source of n-3 LC-PUFA in aquafeeds is mostly limited by the increasing price and decreasing availability. Fish oil replacement with cheaper terrestrial plant and animal oils has considerably reduced the content of n-3 LC-PUFA in flesh of farmed Atlantic salmon. Novel DHA-enriched oils with high alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) content will be available from transgenic oilseeds plants in the near future as an alternative for dietary fish oil replacement in aquafeeds. As a preliminary validation, we formulated an oil blend (TOFX) with high DHA and ALA content using tuna oil (TO) high in DHA and the flaxseed oil (FX) high in ALA, and assessed its ability to achieve fish oil-like n-3 LC-PUFA tissue composition in Atlantic salmon smolts. We applied proteomics as an exploratory approach to understand the effects of nutritional changes on the fish liver. Comparisons were made between fish fed a fish oil-based diet (FO) and a commercial-like oil blend diet (fish oil + poultry oil, FOPO) over 89 days. Growth and feed efficiency ratio were lower on the TOFX diet. Fish muscle concentration of n-3 LC-PUFA was significantly higher for TOFX than for FOPO fish, but not higher than for FO fish, while retention efficiency of n-3 LC-PUFA was promoted by TOFX relative to FO. Proteomics analysis revealed an oxidative stress response indicative of the main adaptive physiological mechanism in TOFX fish. While specific dietary fatty acid concentrations and balances and antioxidant supplementation may need further attention, the use of an oil with a high content of DHA and ALA can enhance tissue deposition of n-3 LC-PUFA in relation to a commercially used oil blend.
Glucokinase Regulatory Protein Genetic Variant Interacts with Omega-3 PUFA to Influence Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in Metabolic Syndrome; Glucokinase Regulatory Protein (GCKR) plays a central role regulating both hepatic triglyceride and glucose metabolism. Fatty acids are key metabolic regulators, which interact with genetic factors and influence glucose metabolism and other metabolic traits. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have been of considerable interest, due to their potential to reduce metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk.
A diet supplemented with ALA-rich flaxseed prevents cardiomyocyte apoptosis by regulating caveolin-3 expression; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) induce beneficial effects on the heart, but the mechanisms through which these effects are operated are not completely clarified yet. Among others, cardiac diseases are often associated with increased levels of cytokines, such as tumour necrosis factor- (TNF), that cause degeneration and death of cardiomyocytes. The present study has been carried out to investigate (i) the potential anti-apoptotic effects induced by the n-3 polyunsaturated -linolenic acid (ALA) in experimental models of cardiac diseases characterized by high levels of TNF, and (ii) the potential role of caveolin-3 (Cav-3) in the mechanisms involved in this process.
Evaluation of immunomodulatory nutrients in critically ill patients in the intensive care unit; OBJECTIVE: Glutamine and omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to decrease infection rates, antibiotic use, and hospital length of stay. However, whether giving immunonutrients to critically ill patients is beneficial remains controversial. In our study, we aimed to look at the effectiveness of parenteral unsaturated (omega-3) fatty acids and amino acid glutamine in patients with serious conditions in the intensive care unit (ICU).
Effect of ω-3 fatty acid supplementation on endothelial function, endogenous fibrinolysis and platelet activation in male cigarette smokers; Objective The effects of omega-3 fatty acids on endothelial function, fibrinolysis and platelet function are uncertain. We investigated the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on endothelial vasomotor function, endogenous fibrinolysis, and platelet and monocyte activation in healthy cigarette smokers; a group at increased risk of myocardial infarction.
Prefeeding With ω-3 Fatty Acids Suppresses Inflammation Following Hemorrhagic Shock; Background: Hemorrhagic shock followed by resuscitation stimulates an inflammatory response. This study tests the hypothesis that prefeeding with fish oil rich in omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) will attenuate that response. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 60; 350 +/- 30 g) were randomly but unequally assigned to 3 groups: sham (n = 12), control (n = 24), and fish oil (n = 24). In the fish oil group, rat chow was supplemented with fish oil (600 mg/kg/d, 25% omega-3 FA). Control and sham group diets were supplemented with corn oil. Under fluothane, hemorrhagic shock was induced, and arterial pressure was maintained at 25 to 30 mm Hg for 30 minutes. Resuscitation was carried out by giving 21 mL/kg lactated Ringer's solution and returning shed blood to the animal. Half of each group was killed at 30 minutes and at 4 hours postresuscitation. Liver samples were assayed for indicators of inflammation and heat shock protein 25 (Hsp25). Lung edema was measured. Results: All animals survived. At 30 minutes postresuscitation, expression of mRNA for inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) was significantly elevated in the control group but normal in the fish oil group. At 4 hours, expression of mRNA for Hsp25 was significantly increased in the fish oil group. Lung edema index was significantly lower in the fish oil group than in either sham or control groups. Conclusions: Fish oil prefeeding in a rodent model of hemorrhagic shock was associated with increased liver mRNA expression of Hsp25, reduced liver mRNA expression of iNOS, and decreased lung edema. These findings support the validity of the study hypothesis. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2010; 34: 496-502)
EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACID AND VITAMIN-E SUPPLEMENTATION ON ERYTHROCYTE-MEMBRANE FLUIDITY, TOCOPHEROLS, INSULIN BINDING, AND LIPID-COMPOSITION IN ADULT MEN; Dietary supplementation with an omega-3 fatty acid preparation (fish oil) together with pharmacologic doses of vitamin E increased both insulin binding and membrane fluidity in erythrocytes from human adult males. Supplementation with fish oil alone induced significant increases in the alpha- and gamma-tocopherol contents of the red blood cell membranes. Forty healthy men were given controlled diets and supplements, which together provided 40% of energy from fat (polyunsaturated:monosaturated:saturated ratio of 0.8:1:1), 360 mg cholesterol/day, and a minimum of 22 mg alpha-tocopherol (alpha-T)/day for three successive experimental periods of 10, 10, and 8 weeks, during which they were given capsules containing 15 g of a placebo oil/day, 15 g fish oil concentrate (FOC)/day, and 15 g fish oil + 200 IU alpha-T (FOC + alpha-T)/day, respectively. Erythrocyte ghost insulin binding (IB) and 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (DPH) fluorescence-determined fluidity were significantly increased following the FOC + alpha-T period, however FOC alone had no effect. At the end of each experimental period, IB values, as percentage bound/100-mu-g ghost protein at 4-degrees-C, were 0.96, 0.91, and 1.35, and DPH steady state fluorescence anisotropies were 0.311, 0.303, and 0.296, at 4-degrees-C, respectively. Small but statistically significant decreases in fluorescence lifetimes further indicated increased fluidity. FOC supplementation resulted in significantly lower membrane cholesterol:phospholipid ratios and increased membrane tocopherols despite daily vitamin E consumption of only 22 mg as in the placebo period. Membrane incorporation of n-3 fatty acids was, however, limited. Thus, dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids exerted substantial effects on erythrocyte membranes by affecting membrane contents of lipid molecules other than the fatty acids.
Feasibility of Investigational Procedures and Efficacy of a Personalized Omega-3 Dietary Intervention in Alleviating Pain and Psychoneurological Symptoms in Breast Cancer Survivors; Background: Breast cancer survivors (BCS) are at risk for psychoneurological symptoms (PNS) and inflam-mation for years following cancer treatment. Fish, particularly salmon, provides a rich source of omega -3 long chain fatty acids (omega-3LC), which has an anti-inflammatory effect. However, the benefit of omega-3LC on PNS is not well-known.Aims: This study evaluated the feasibility and the initial efficacy of a personalized meal plan with dietary omega-3LC in reducing PNS. Methods: A prospective, randomized controlled trial design (n = 46) was used to evaluate the feasibility of a personalized meal plan using two omega-3LC dose levels (high and low omega-3LC) in reducing PNS including pain, depression, fatigue, sleep, and stress. Results: The recruitment rate was 4.9% with overall retention rate of 74% and 67.1% adherence to person-alized meal plan and dietary procedures. Of participants who completed the investigation, 94% completed fish adherence logs and consumed >= 70% of the assigned quantity of fish. Saliva collection was 97.8% at baseline and 100% at follow-up. BCS in the high omega-3LC group had a significant decrease in pain ( p < .01), perceived stress ( p < .05), sleep ( p < .001), depression ( p < .001), and fatigue ( p < .01) over the course of intervention. There were trends of PNS improvement in the low omega-3LC group but the differences did not reach statistical significance.Conclusion: Our results support the feasibility of our investigational design, procedures, and interven-tion. The outcomes provide preliminary support for an expanded research effort using fish as a source of omega-3LC and personalized dietary planning as a vehicle for symptom self-management in BCS.(c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of American Society for Pain Management Nursing.
Supercritical Carbon dioxide and flaxseed oil like functional food; Literature shows the functional food properties of Flaxseeds (Linum usitatissimum L.). Flaxseeds are rich in Alpha-Linolenic Acid (ALA) and are interesting for their dietary fiber and proteins content and for the presence of helpful minor compounds, important for human consumption, like lignans, phytoestrogens that can have hormone-like effects in humans. In fact, diets introducing flaxseed oil show also useful effects on diseases like lowering blood pressure, particularly in middle age dyslipidaemia and reducing the risk of myocardial infarction. Organic solvents are generally used to obtain a high extraction yield of flaxseed oil. An alternative method is expression (mechanical extraction) that offers a remarkable reduction of environmental impact, but with lower extraction yield in comparison with solvents. Another method of extraction could be the use of supercritical fluids. The same authors already studied the Supercritical Carbon dioxide (SC-CO2) as potential solvent for flaxseed oil extraction. In this study a comparison of the technological and qualitative effects on the flaxseed oils obtained by neat SC-CO2 extraction and by SC-CO2 added with ethanol as co-solvent extraction was conducted. The extraction capacity of important polar compounds like polyphenols was determined, too. The results of this study confirm the ability of SC-CO2 in obtaining a high quality product like flaxseed oil.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid as a Potential Therapeutic Approach to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk in Patients with End-Stage Renal Disease on Hemodialysis: A Review; Background: Patients with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis have excess cardiovascular disease (CVD) burden with substantially increased CV event rates compared with the general population. Summary: Traditional interventions that, according to standard clinical guidelines, reduce CV risk such as antihypertensive therapy, diet, exercise, and statins are not similarly effective in the hemodialysis population. This raises the question of whether additional risk factors, such as enhanced inflammation and oxidative stress, may drive the increased CVD burden in hemodialysis patients. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, is incorporated into the atherosclerotic plaque as well as membrane phospholipid bilayers and produces beneficial effects on inflammatory and oxidative mechanisms involved in atherosclerotic plaque formation and progression. EPA levels and the ratio of EPA to the omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA) are reduced in hemodialysis patients. Serum EPA levels have been inversely correlated with proinflammatory cytokines, and the EPA/AA ratio has been inversely associated with CV events in hemodialysis cohorts. Three recent studies involving over 800 hemodialysis patients and follow-up of 2-3 years suggest that EPA therapy may improve clinical outcomes in this patient population as evidenced by significant reductions in cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality, and/or CV events. Key Messages: Further studies with high-purity EPA are warranted in patients on hemodialysis, especially given the fact that other interventions including antihypertensives, diet, exercise, and statins have not provided meaningful benefit. (c) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Effects of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers, tumor marker CEA, and nutritional status in patients with colorectal cancer: a study protocol for a double blind randomized controlled trial; Background: Much evidence is available demonstrating that both vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids block the development and progression of colonic carcinogenesis. The results of animal studies have shown that the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids can decrease inflammatory biomarkers, enhance the efficacy of chemotherapy, and decrease the side effects of chemotherapy or cancer. Also, observational studies propose that higher levels of 25(OH)D are related to improved survival of colorectal cancer patients. This study will aim to evaluate the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers, tumor marker CEA, and nutritional status in colorectal cancer patients. Methods/design: We will carry out an 8-week double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate the effects of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers, tumor marker CEA, and nutritional status in patients with stage.. or... colorectal cancer undergoing chemotherapy. Discussion: Because of the important effects of vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids on molecular pathways involved in cancer development and progression, it seems that both vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids may provide a new adjuvant therapy by decreasing inflammatory biomarkers and resistance to cancer treatment in patients with colorectal cancer.
Long-chain omega 3 fatty acids, blood lipids and cardiovascular risk reduction; Increasing evidence suggests that omega 3 fatty acids derived from fish and fish oils may play a protective role in coronary heart disease and its many complications, through a variety of actions, including effects on lipids, blood pressure. cardiac and vascular function, prostanoids, coagulation and immunological responses. Interesting differences between the effects of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are emerging, which may be relevant in the choice of omega 3 fatty acid for incorporation into food products. On the basis of our current knowledge, we believe it is justified to recommend, particularly to high-risk populations, an increased dietary intake of omega 3 fatty acids through the consumption of fish, Curr Opin Lipidol 12:11-17. (C) 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
THE EFFECT OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON LIPIDS AND HEMOSTATIC FACTORS IN PREMENOPAUSAL AND POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; Previously observed gender differences in the response to fish oil led us to investigate the possible interaction between fish oil and female sex hormones. n-3 fatty acid supplementation was given as 85% pure ethylester of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoid acid for 4 weeks to 20 pre- and 18 postmenopausal healthy females in a placebo-controlled study. Fish oil lowered serum triglycerides (TG) by 25% in pre- and 38% in postmenopausal women (p<0.001 for both groups), and the response wets more pronounced in postmenopausal women (p<0.05; and significance of group difference). No significant changes were observed in the serum cholesterol fractions, in apolipoproteins A-I and B, or in lipoprotein(a) in any group. In both groups, fish oil intake was associated with a significant reduction in the platelet number (premenopausal: 19x10(9)/10(9)/l, p<0.001; postmenopausal. 16x10(9)/l, p<0.01), and in the mean platelet volume (premenopausal: -0.3 fl, p<0.01; postmenopausal: -0.2 fl, p<0.05). Tissue factor pathway inhibitor levels were initially higher in postmenopausal women (1.11+/-0.18 U/ml) and increased in this group after fish oil intake (+/-0.10 U/ml, p<0.01). The relevance of these fish oil-related effects on hemostatic function remains to be determined. This study indicated that the triglyceride-reducing effect of fish oil is not restricted by the sex hormone levels, but related to the initial TG level. Reducing serum TG may be of particular importance for women's risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
An abundant biliary metabolite derived from dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids regulates triglycerides; Omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil reduce triglyceride levels in mammals, yet the mechanisms underlying this effect have not been fully clarified, despite the clinical use of omega-3 ethyl esters to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia and reduce cardiovascular disease risk in humans. Here, we identified in bile a class of hypotriglyceridemic omega-3 fatty acid-derived N-acyl taurines (NATs) that, after dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation, increased to concentrations similar to those of steroidal bile acids. The biliary docosahexaenoic acid-containing (DHA-containing) NAT C22:6 NAT was increased in human and mouse plasma after dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and potently inhibited intestinal triacylglycerol hydrolysis and lipid absorption. Supporting this observation, genetic elevation of endogenous NAT levels in mice impaired lipid absorption, whereas selective augmentation of C22:6 NAT levels protected against hypertriglyceridemia and fatty liver. When administered pharmacologically, C22:6 NAT accumulated in bile and reduced high-fat diet-induced, but not sucrose induced, hepatic lipid accumulation in mice, suggesting that C22:6 NAT is a negative feedback mediator that limits excess intestinal lipid absorption. Thus, biliary omega-3 NATs may contribute to the hypotriglyceridemic mechanism of action of fish oil and could influence the design of more potent omega-3 fatty acid-based therapeutics.
Variations in the eicosapentaenoic acid-arachidonic acid ratio associated with age in acute myocardial infarction patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention; Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is a life-threatening disease, and its incidence has been increasing even in the young population. Although a low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-arachidonic acid (AA) ratio is associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease, the effect of age on EPA/AA ratios in AMI patients remains unclear. This study aimed to clarify the independent polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-related determinants of age in younger and older AMI patients. A total of 153 consecutive patients who underwent primary percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs) for de novo AMIs were enrolled in this study. Patients' background data, including PUFA and lipid profiles during PCI, were evaluated retrospectively. The EPA/AA ratio correlated positively with age (r = 0.21; P = 0.011) and increased markedly from age 60 years. Patients aged < 60 years (n = 35) had a lower mean EPA/AA ratio (0.25 +/- 0.16) than patients aged >= 60 years (n = 118) (0.38 +/- 0.25) (P < 0.001). The AA level was more dependent on age than on EPA level (r = -0.34, P < 0.001 vs. r = 0.12, P = 0.16). The multivariate analysis revealed that a 0.1 EPA/AA ratio increase (odds ratio 1.50; 95% confidence interval 1.09-2.06), body mass index, triglyceride level, and aspirin administration were independently associated with the age stratification of AMI patients. The EPA/AA ratio was higher in younger AMI patients who have undergone primary PCIs than in older patients. Younger population at risk for AMI should be managed with multiple interventions including PUFA profiling.
Estimating Health and Economic Benefits From Using Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Patients With Severe Hypertriglyceridemia; Patients with increased triglyceride levels compared to those with normal levels are at higher risk for coronary heart disease. In patients with severe (>= 500 mg/dl) hypertriglyceridemia (SHTG), clinical trials have demonstrated that prescription omega-3 fatty acids (P-OM3s) 4 g/day can decrease triglyceride levels by 45%. However, the precise health and economic benefits of decreasing SHTG with P-OM3 are unknown. We used the previously validated Archimedes model to simulate a 20-year trial involving subjects 45 to 75 years old with SHTG. The trial consisted of an intervention arm (P-OM3 4 g/day) and a control arm. Simulation results for the control arm indicated that subjects with SHTG are at about 2 times higher risk for myocardial infarction than those with normal triglyceride levels. Using estimates from previous epidemiologic studies and meta-analyses with OM3s, the model predicted 29% to 36% decreases in various measurements of adverse cardiac events for the intervention arm. The model also predicted a decrease in ischemic stroke of 24% (95% confidence interval 15 to 33). For the 20-year simulated trial, the cost per quality-adjusted life-year gained for the currently available P-OM3 approved by the Food and Drug Administration was $47,000. Results remained robust under different clinical assumptions. In our model P-OM3 was effective in decreasing triglyceride levels and cardiovascular disease risk in patients with SHTG. In conclusion, P-OM3 medication is cost effective in our simulated trial and comparable to other cost-effective cardiovascular interventions. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;108:691-697)
Omega-3 fatty acids and coronary heart disease. The final verdict?; Purpose of review
Recommendations for secondary prevention after myocardial infarction; The new ESC guidelines for secondary prevention after STEMI recommend acetylsalicylic acid, betablockers, ACE inhibitors, statins and as a new therapeutic option I g n-3-fatty acids. They also advocate strict control of elevated blood pressure and plasma glucose level. To stop smoking remains obligatory, supplemented by the advice to adhere to a mediterranean diet. The clinical value of using 1 g n-3-fatty acids was shown in the GISSI-P trial and seem to reduce especially arrhythmic events. Considering the number needed to treat for the different pharmacologic therapies, betablockers and ACE inhibitors are essentials if not contraindicated, n-3-fatty acids and statins show each comparable efficacy while acetylsalicylic acid still provides a good cost/benefit relation due to its low price.
Dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: Epidemiologic evidence; Epidemiologists have been studying the effect of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) intake on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) for many decades. Abundant evidence from prospective studies on the clinical endpoints of CVD, including cohort studies measuring n-6 PUFA intake by food frequency questionnaires and nested case-control studies using biomarkers of intake level, strongly support that higher intakes of n-6 PUFAs are associated with a lower risk of CVD. Furthermore, a significant reduction in CVD risk can be achieved when saturated fatty acids (SFAs) is replaced by n-6 PUFAs. Evidence from appropriately designed and vigorously executed randomized controlled trials support that high-PUFA (predominantly linoleic acid) and low-SFA diets, compared to high-SFA diets, reduced the risk of coronary heart disease. Overall, epidemiologic studies provide a solid evidence base of the current dietary guidelines that recommend replacing SFA by PUFA, both n-6 and n-3 PUFA, for CVD prevention.
Extremely limited synthesis of long chain polyunsaturates in adults: implications for their dietary essentiality and use as supplements; There is considerable interest in the potential impact of several polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in mitigating the significant morbidity and mortality caused by degenerative diseases of the cardiovascular system and brain. Despite this interest, confusion surrounds the extent of conversion in humans of the parent PUFA, linoleic acid or a-linolenic acid (ALA), to their respective long-chain PUFA products. As a result, there is uncertainty about the potential benefits of ALA versus eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Some of the confusion arises because although mamals have the necessary enzymes to make the long-chain PUFA from the parent PUFA, in vivo studies in humans show that z 5% of ALA is converted to EPA and <0.5% of ALA is converted to DHA. Because the capacity of this pathway is very low in healthy, nonvegetarian humans, even large amounts of dietary ALA have a negligible effect on plasma DHA, an effect paralleled in the omega 6 PUFA by a negligible effect of dietary linoleic acid oil plasma arachidonic acid. Despite this inefficient conversion, there are potential roles in human health for ALA and EPA that could be independent of their metabolisin to DHA through the desaturation-chain elongation pathway.
Fish Oil Derived Omega 3 Fatty Acids Suppress Adipose NLRP3 Inflammasome Signaling in Human Obesity; Context: The NRLP3 inflammasome is a multiprotein danger-sensing complex that serves as a critical link between obesity-related adipose inflammation and insulin resistance and has been shown in animal models to be inhibited by fish oil-derived long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA).
Effects of niacin and omega-3 fatty acids on the apolipoproteins in overweight patients with elevated triglycerides and reduced HDL cholesterol; Objective: Prescription omega-3 acid ethyl esters (P-OM3) and extended release niacin (ERN) both have beneficial effects on plasma lipids and lipoproteins. The purpose of this study was to describe the effects of mono-and combination (Combo) therapy of these agents in patients with the metabolic syndrome.
Effect of high-dose Omega 3 on lipid profile and inflammatory markers in chronic hemodialysis children; Atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), and inflammation are important problems in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients on chronic hemodialysis (HD). Prevention of CKD patients of CVD can lower the mortality rate in them. Omega 3 may help in the treatment of inflammation and lipid abnormalities in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients on chronic HD. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of high-dose Omega 3 on lipid profile and inflammatory markers in ESRD children on chronic HD. This clinical trial was conducted on 49 ESRD children on chronic HD selected from pediatric HD unit of Menoufia University Hospital. The study was conducted for a period of three months. The selected children were supplemented with 2000-mg Omega 3 tablets daily; lipid profile and inflammatory markers were assessed at the beginning and at the end of the study. Supplementation with high-dose Omega 3 resulted in a highly statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein, interleukin-6, C- reactive protein levels and a highly statistically significant increase in high-density lipoprotein (P <0.001). The differences between hemoglobin, platelets, iron profile, parathyroid hormone, albumin, phosphorus, calcium, potassium, sodium, and efficiency of dialysis before and after Omega 3 supplementation were not statistically significant (P 0.05). Supplementation with highdose Omega 3 caused significant improvement in lipid profile and inflammatory markers of children on chronic HD.
Benefits of Fasting Abbreviation with Carbohydrates and Omega-3 Infusion During CABG: a Double-Blind Controlled Randomized Trial; Objective: To assess postoperative clinical data considering the association of preoperative fasting with carbohydrate (CHO) loading and intraoperative infusion of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA).
Comparing the Impact of Prescription Omega-3 Fatty Acid Products on Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol; Elevated levels of triglycerides are associated with pancreatitis and an increased risk of coronary heart disease. Numerous pharmacologic therapies are available to treat hypertriglyceridemia, including prescription omega-3 fatty acids, which reduce triglyceride levels by 20-50%. Available data indicate the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may be beneficial for secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. Products containing DHA may increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and, subsequently, coronary heart disease risk. We reviewed prescription omega-3 fatty acid products, of which two-omega-3 acid ethyl esters (OM3EE) and omega-3 carboxylic acid (OM3CA)-contain both DHA and EPA, whereas the other-icosapent ethyl (IPE)-contains EPA only. We identified three retrospective chart reviews and three case reports comparing IPE with OM3EE, whereas two studies compared IPE with placebo. We also reviewed the major studies of OM3EE versus placebo used to gain US FDA approval. LDL-C levels decreased or did not increase significantly in all available studies and case reports in patients receiving the IPE product, with the best data supporting a dose of 4 g per day. The majority of studies only included patients taking IPE concomitantly with statins, but limited data from one study using IPE monotherapy showed a small reduction in LDL-C. Many questions remain regarding IPE, including whether the product reduces cardiovascular events and mortality.
Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters Reduces Small Dense Low Density Lipoproteins Regardless of the Baseline Lipid Profile; The underlying metabolic cause of coronary heart disease (CH 1)) in many patients is not high cholesterol One of the most common metabolic contributors to coronary artery disease is the atherogenic lipoproteins profile. Regarding, these data we investigated the effect of omega-3-acid ethyl esters on the atherogenic lipoproteins profile. Out of 118 subjects tested by quantimetrix lipoprotein (TM) system; thirty five patients (27 males and 8 females) were included in our study. All the included patients fell into a distinct atherogenic lipid profile (type B LDL phenotype) and with normal total and LDL cholesterol (C) levels. All included patients were given omega-3- acid ethyl esters 90% at 2 gram/day (gm/d) for 8 weeks (wk). After 8-wk of treatment, omega-3- acid ethyl esters 90% (at 2 2m/d) significantly reduced levels of small dense (sd) LDL particles and mean LDL score and was well tolerated.
Immunohistochemical Detection of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Oxidation Markers in Acetaminophen-Induced Liver Injury in Rats; To clarfity whether polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) oxidation is involved in the mechanism of acetaminophen (APAP)-induced apoptotic cell death, the production and localization of PUFA oxidation markers N-epsilon-propanoyl-modified lysine, N-epsilon-hexanoyl-modified lysine, 4-hydroxyhexenal-modified histidine and crotonaldehyde-modified lysine were evaluated in the development of APAP-induced liver injury. The immunoexpression of these markers in the liver was examined up to 24 hr post-APAP intraperitoneal injection in rats (1 g/kg body weight). The histopathological changes in the liver appeared 3 hr after APAP injection and became exacerbated with time. Proapoptotic protein Bax immunoreactivity was first detected in the degenerative hepatocytes 3 hr after the injection and areas positively immunostained for Bax reached a peak level at 6 hr, and then decreased at 12 and 24 hr. There was a significant increase in the TUNEL-positive rate at 12 and 24 hr. Immunohistological expression of all these oxidation markers was first detected in the degenerative hepatocytes 3 hr after the injection, and earlier than the occurrence of hepatocyte apoptosis. Immunohistochemical expression of these markers were observed in almost all degenerative hepatocytes 3-24 hr after APAP injection. Areas positively immunostained for these markers reached a peak level at 6 hr, and then decreased at 12 and 24 hr. The results thus suggest that the generation of PUFA oxidation markers may be the signature of early events preceding the induction of liver cell apoptosis and thus useful for early detection of oxidative stress-related liver cell injury.
DNA Methylation Patterns Are Associated with n-3 Fatty Acid Intake in Yup'ik People; A large body of evidence links a high dietary intake of n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with improved cardiometabolic outcomes. Recent studies suggested that the biologic processes underlying the observed associations may involve epigenetic changes, specifically DNA methylation. To evaluate changes in methylation associated with n-3 PUFA intake, we conducted an epigenome-wide methylation association study of long-chain n-3 PUFA intake and tested associations between the diabetes- and cardiovascular disease related traits. We assessed DNA methylation at similar to 470,000 cytosine phosphate guanine (CpG) sites in a cross-sectional study of 185 Yup'ik Alaska Native individuals representing the top and bottom deciles of PUFA intake. Linear regression models were used to test for the associations of interest, adjusting for age, sex, and community group. We identified 27 differentially methylated CpG sites at biologically relevant regions that reached epigenome-wide significance (P < 1 x 10(-7)). Specifically, regions on chromosomes 3 (helicase-like transcription factor), 10 (actin a 2 smooth muscle/Fas cell surface death receptor), and 16 (protease serine 36/C16 open reading frame 67) each harbored 2 significant correlates of n-3 PUFA intake. In conclusion, we present promising evidence of association between several biologically relevant epigenetic markers and long-term intake of marine-derived n-3 PUFAs.
Omega-3 fatty acids alter soluble markers of endothelial function in coronary heart disease patients; Several studies have indicated that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oil have protective effects on cardiovascular disease by reducing vascular endothelial inflammation in atherosclerosis. In a recent study supplementation of patients with fish oil following coronary angioplasty elevated levels of lipid peroxides and two adhesion molecules in plasma suggesting a proinflammatory action of fish oil. However, decreases in several plasma markers of endothelial hemostatic activity indicated a healthier and better vasculature associated with fish oil supplementation.
Fish Intake and the Risk of Incident Heart Failure The Women's Health Initiative; Background-Whether fish or the fatty acids they contain are independently associated with risk for incident heart failure (HF) among postmenopausal women is unclear.
Genetic Variation in <i>FADS1</i> Has Little Effect on the Association between Dietary PUFA Intake and Cardiovascular Disease; The unclear link between intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) could depend on genetic differences between individuals. Minor alleles of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the Delta 5 fatty acid desaturase (FADS) 1 gene were associated with lower blood concentrations of long-chain omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6.(n-6) PUFAs, indicating an associated loss of function effect. We examined whether the SNP rs174546 in FADS1 modifies the association between PUFA intakes and CVD risk. We included 24,032 participants (62% women, aged 44-74 y) from the Malmo Diet and Cancer cohort without prevalent CVD and diabetes. During a mean follow-up of 14 y, 2648 CVD cases were identified. Diet was assessed by a modified diet history method. A borderline interaction was observed between the alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) (18:3n-3)-to-linoleic acid (LA) (18:2n-6) intake ratio and FADS1 genotype on CVD incidence (P = 0.06). The ALA-to-LA intake ratio was inversely associated with CVD risk only among participants homozygous for the minor T-allele (HR for quintile 5 vs. quintile 1 = 0.72; 95% Cl: 0.50, 1.04; P-trend = 0.049). When excluding participants reporting unstable food habits in the past (35%), the interaction between the ALA-to-LA intake ratio and FADS1 genotype on CVD incidence was strengthened and statistically significant (P = 0.04). Additionally, we observed a significant interaction between ALA and FADS1 genotype on ischemic stroke incidence (P = 0.03). ALA was inversely associated with ischemic stroke only among TT genotype carriers (HR for quintile 5 vs. quintile 1 = 0.50; 95% Cl: 0.27, 0.94; P-trend = 0.02). In this large cohort, we found some weak, but not convincing, evidence of effect modification by genetic variation in FADS1 on the associations between PUFA intakes and CVD risk. For the 11% of the population homozygous for the minor T-allele of rs174546 that associates with lower Delta 5 FADS activity, high ALA intake and ALA-to-LA intake ratio may be preferable in the prevention of CVD and ischemic stroke.
Fatty acid profiles among individuals in Nagano, Japan: potential effects on health; Aim: Increased life expectancy has long been linked to a healthy diet. Although individuals from the Nagano Prefecture have the longest life expectancy in Japan, the characteristics of the Nagano diet are unclear. While marine-derived n-3 free fatty acids (FFA) have traditionally been thought to decrease mortality, Nagano has no seashore; hence, we hypothesized that non-marine dietary constituents in the diet may contribute to the decreased death rate. We thus aimed to characterize the Nagano diet with respect to serum triglycerides, FFA, cholesterol, and lipoprotein concentrations. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study, where 106 Nakano city residents completed a health and lifestyle questionnaire. Additionally, we calculated body mass index and analyzed non-fasting blood samples for triglycerides, FFA, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, and low-density lipoprotein concentrations. Results: Participants had significantly higher oleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid concentrations, and significantly lower docosahexaenoic and linoleic acid concentrations than Japanese reference values. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the Nagano diet may alter FFA composition in Nagano residents, potentially contributing to better maintenance of health.
Red meat from animals offered a grass diet increases plasma and platelet <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in healthy consumers; Red meat from grass-fed animals, compared with concentrate-fed animals, contains increased concentrations of long-chain (LC) n-3 PUPA. However, the effects of red meat consumption from grass-fed animals on consumer blood concentrations of LC n-3 PUFA are unknown. The aim of the present study was to compare the effects on plasma and platelet LC n-3 PUFA status of consuming red meat produced from either grass-fed animals or concentrate-fed animals. A randomised, double-blinded, dietary intervention study was carried out for 4 weeks on healthy subjects who replaced their habitual red meat intake with three portions per week of red meat (beef and lamb) from animals offered a finishing diet of either grass or concentrate (n 20 consumers). Plasma and platelet fatty acid composition, dietary intake, blood pressure, and serum lipids and lipoproteins were analysed at baseline and post-intervention. Dietary intakes of total n-3 PUFA, as well as plasma and platelet concentrations of LC n-3 PUFA, were significantly higher in those subjects who consumed red meat from grass-fed animals compared with those who consumed red meat from concentrate-fed animals (P<0.05). No significant differences in concentrations of serum cholesterol, TAG or blood pressure were observed between groups. Consuming red meat from grass-fed animals compared with concentrate-fed animals as part of the habitual diet can significantly increase consumer plasma and platelet LC n-3 PUFA status. As a result, red meat from grass-fed animals may contribute to dietary intakes of LC n-3 PUFA in populations where red meat is habitually consumed.
Antibiofilm Activity of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Its Influence on the Expression of Biofilm Formation Genes on <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>; Background: Currently, 1-2% of all prosthetic joint surgeries are followed by an infection. These infections cause approximately 4% of deaths in the first year after surgery, while the 5-year mortality rate is up to 21%. Prosthetic joint infections are mainly caused by Staphylococcus aureus or Staphylococcus epidermis strains. Both species share the capability of biofilm formation and methicillin resistance. The formation of biofilm helps bacterial cells to withstand critical environmental conditions. Due to their tolerance against antibacterial substances, biofilms are a significant problem in modern medicine. Alternatives for the use of methicillin as a therapeutic are not yet widespread. The use of omega-3 fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid, may help against prosthetic joint infections and lower mortality rates. The aim of this study is to evaluate if docosahexaenoic acid offers a safe anti-biofilm activity against Staphylococcus aureus and MRSA without enhancing icaADBC-dependent biofilm formation or additional stress responses, therefore enhancing antibiotic tolerance and resistance. Methods: In this study, we examined the gene expression of biofilm-associated genes and regulators. We performed RT-qPCR after RNA extraction of Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 29213 and one clinical MRSA strain. We compared gene expression of icaADBC, SarA, SigB, and agrAC under the influence of 1.25 mg /L and 0.625 mg/L of docosahexaenoic acid to their controls. Results: We found a higher expression of regulatory genes such as SarA, SigB, agrA, and agrC at 1.25 mg/L of docosahexaenoic acid in ATCC 29213 and a lower increase in gene expression levels in clinical MRSA isolates. icaADBC was not affected in both strains at both concentration levels by docosahexaenoic acid. Conclusions: Docosahexaenoic acid does not enhance icaADBC-dependent biofilm formation while still reducing bacterial CFU in biofilms. Docosahexaenoic acid can be considered an option as a therapeutic substance against biofilm formation and may be a good alternative in reducing the risk of MRSA formation.
Influence of omega n-6/n-3 ratio on cardiovascular disease and nutritional interventions; According to the World Health Organization (WHO), cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death globally. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in 2022, nearly 8 in 10 individuals who suffered from a stroke showed a history of hypertension, and over 60 % of those with Diabetes have hypertension with high triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein (LDL, bad cholesterol). Both high LDL and Diabetes double the threat of CVD incidence, with the probability of all the previous risk factors being higher in adults who are overweight and obese. The n -6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio is critical to developing metabolic disorders that increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. The elaboration of the mechanisms by which n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids operate and convert to the essential fatty acids in the body will allow us to clearly understand the significance of the optimum ratio of the two. According to research, the human body can maintain optimum health with an intake ratio of n -6/n-3 of 5:1; however, the current ratio of n -6/n-3 PUFA intake is 20:1 in the Western diet. As the intake of n-6 PUFA heavy diet increases, we notice an incline in the incidence rate of metabolic syndromes through activating the inflammatory pathways. Omega 6 and omega 3 compete for the same enzyme binding site, and depending on which is bound, the resulting essential fatty acid signals a cascade of pro-inflammatory or anti-inflammatory factors. This review discusses the importance of the n -6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio in preventing, developing, and progressing cardiovascular disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids and age-related diseases: realities and prospects; Efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in cardiology is so high that in many countries omega-3 fatty acids are included into the treatment protocols for patients with cardiovascular diseases. This therapeutic class slows down oxidative stress and chronic inflammation processes, thereby providing a significant contribution to the complex treatment of hypertension. Besides, omega-3 fatty acids slow down the aging process and prevent the development of age-related diseases affecting the rate of telomere shortening.
n-3 Fatty Acids Decrease Arterial Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Delivery and Lipoprotein Lipase Levels in Insulin-Resistant Mice; Objective-To determine whether n-3 fatty acids (n-3) influence arterial cholesterol delivery and lipoprotein lipase (LpL) levels in insulin-resistant mice.
Higher docosahexaenoic acid levels lower the protective impact of eicosapentaenoic acid on long-term major cardiovascular events; IntroductionLong-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (OM3 PUFA) are commonly used for cardiovascular disease prevention. High-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is reported to reduce major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE); however, a combined EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation has not been proven to do so. This study aimed to evaluate the potential interaction between EPA and DHA levels on long-term MACE.MethodsWe studied a cohort of 987 randomly selected subjects enrolled in the INSPIRE biobank registry who underwent coronary angiography. We used rapid throughput liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry to quantify the EPA and DHA plasma levels and examined their impact unadjusted, adjusted for one another, and fully adjusted for comorbidities, EPA + DHA, and the EPA/DHA ratio on long-term (10-year) MACE (all-cause death, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart failure hospitalization).ResultsThe average subject age was 61.5 & PLUSMN; 12.2 years, 57% were male, 41% were obese, 42% had severe coronary artery disease (CAD), and 311 (31.5%) had a MACE. The 10-year MACE unadjusted hazard ratio (HR) for the highest (fourth) vs. lowest (first) quartile (Q) of EPA was HR = 0.48 (95% CI: 0.35, 0.67). The adjustment for DHA changed the HR to 0.30 (CI: 0.19, 0.49), and an additional adjustment for baseline differences changed the HR to 0.36 (CI: 0.22, 0.58). Conversely, unadjusted DHA did not significantly predict MACE, but adjustment for EPA resulted in a 1.81-fold higher risk of MACE (CI: 1.14, 2.90) for Q4 vs. Q1. However, after the adjustment for baseline differences, the risk of MACE was not significant for DHA (HR = 1.37; CI: 0.85, 2.20). An EPA/DHA ratio & GE;1 resulted in a lower rate of 10-year MACE outcomes (27% vs. 37%, adjusted p-value = 0.013).ConclusionsHigher levels of EPA, but not DHA, are associated with a lower risk of MACE. When combined with EPA, higher DHA blunts the benefit of EPA and is associated with a higher risk of MACE in the presence of low EPA. These findings can help explain the discrepant results of EPA-only and EPA/DHA mixed clinical supplementation trials.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reverse the impact of western diets on regulatory T cell responses through averting ceramide-mediated pathways; Western diet (WD), high in sugar and fat, promotes obesity and associated chronic low-grade pro-inflammatory environment, leading to impaired immune function, reprogramming of innate and adaptive immune cells, and development of chronic degenerative diseases, including cardiovascular disease. Increased concentrations of circulating and tissue ceramides contribute to inflammation and cellular dysfunction common in immune metabolic and cardiometabolic disease. Therefore, ceramide-lowering interventions have been considered as strategies to improve adipose tissue health.Here, we report the ability of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA) to attenuate inflammatory phenotypes promoted by WD, through ceramide-dependent pathways. Using an animal model, we show that enrichment of WD diet with n-3PUFA, reduced the expression of ceramide synthase 2 (CerS2), and lowered the concentration of long-chain ceramides (C23-C26) in plasma and adipose tissues. N-3PUFA also increased prevalence of the anti-inflammatory CD4+Foxp3+ and CD4+Foxp3+CD25+ Treg subtypes in lymphoid organs. The CerS inhibitor FTY720 mirrored the effect of n-3PUFA. Treatment of animal and human T cells with ceramide C24 in vitro, reduced CD4+Foxp3+ Treg polarisation and IL-10 production, and increased IL-17, while it decreased Erk and Akt phosphorylation downstream of T cell antigen receptors (TCR). These findings suggest that molecular mechanisms mediating the adverse effect of ceramides on regulatory T lymphocytes, progress through reduced TCR signalling.Our findings suggest that nutritional enrichment of WD with fish oil n-3PUFA can partially mitigate its detrimental effects, potentially improving the low-grade inflammation associated with immune metabolic disease. Compared to pharmacological interventions, n-3PUFA offer a simpler approach that can be accommodated as lifestyle choice.
REDUCE-IT USA Results From the 3146 Patients Randomized in the United States; BACKGROUND: Some trials have found that patients from the United States derive less benefit than patients enrolled outside the United States. This prespecified REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl - Intervention Trial) subgroup analysis was conducted to determine the degree of benefit of icosapent ethyl in the United States.
Circulating oleic acid levels are related to greater risks of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; BACKGROUND: Limited evidence has suggested that circulating levels of the omega-9 fatty acid, oleic acid, may be related to greater risks of adverse cardiovascular outcomes.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and risk of cardiovascular mortality in a low fish-consuming population: a prospective cohort analysis; Purpose The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intake (n-6 and n-3) and mortality in a population-based sample with a low fish intake.
Inclusion of Atlantic salmon in the Chinese diet reduces cardiovascular disease risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men; Although the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids on several physiologic functions have been widely reported, information about the effects of oily fish in the Asian diet on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is diminutive. We hypothesize that daily inclusion of oily fish for 8 weeks in the Chinese diet will elevate serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels and reduce CVD risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men, comparable with the effects generally observed by inclusion of oily fish in the Western diet. In this 8-week randomized, parallel-arm, food-based intervention study, lunches were prepared with 500 g pork/chicken/beef, typically consumed fish (hairtail and freshwater carp), or oily fish (salmon). Male subjects aged between 35 and 70 years with hyperlipidemia were randomly assigned to eat lunches with pork/chicken/beef (n = 30 subjects at 8 weeks), freshwater fish (n = 30), or oily fish (n = 32). Circulating markers were measured at baseline and at 8 weeks. In the oily fish diet, dietary EPA and DHA levels were significantly increased as compared with other diets; and the n-6:n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio was decreased (P < .05). Thus, the oily fish diet significantly elevated scrum EPA and DHA concentrations (P < .01) and lowered serum n-6:n-3 ratio at 8 weeks (P < .05). Furthermore, oily fish intake significantly reduced serum levels of triglycerides (P < .05) and interleukin-6 (P < .01) and increased levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < .01). In conclusion, daily inclusion of oily fish as part of the Chinese diet for 8 weeks is sufficient to significantly increase the serum content of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and reduce levels of CVD risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bleeding Risk in Patients Receiving Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; BACKGROUND: There is a potential concern about increased bleeding risk in patients receiving omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The aims of this study-level meta-analysis were to determine the risk of bleeding and to assess whether this relationship is linked to the received dose of omega-3 PUFAs or the background use of antiplatelet treatment.
Statin Use Mitigate the Benefit of Omega-3 Fatty Acids SupplementationA Meta-Regression of Randomized Trials; During last 2 decades, multiple studies have evaluated omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (-3 PUFA) supplementation for cardiovascular prevention. The benefit found in previous studies was not demonstrated in more contemporary trials. We aimed to investigate effect of study characteristics, particularly concomitant statin therapy on results of randomized controlled trials. We systematically searched electronic databases for randomized controlled trials evaluating -3 PUFA supplementation and reporting clinical outcomes. A meta-analysis was performed using a random effect model, followed by a meta-regression of dose, docosahexaenoic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid (DHA/EPA) ratio, and duration of treatment and use of lipid-lowering/statin therapy in control group. Twenty-three studies with 77,776 patients (38,910 PUFA; 38,866 controls) were included. PUFA had no effect on total mortality [risk ratio (RR) = 0.96; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.92-1.01] and myocardial infarction (RR = 0.87; 95% CI, 0.73-1.02), but marginally reduced cardiovascular mortality (RR = 0.93; 95% CI, 0.87-0.98). Lower control group statin use (b = 0.222, P = 0.027) and higher DHA/EPA (b = -0.105, P = 0.033) ratio was associated with higher reduction in total mortality. Duration and dose had no effect. None of the variables except duration had significant effect on reduction in cardiovascular mortality by PUFA supplementation. There was evidence of publication bias. Statin use may mitigate, and higher DHA/EPA ratio is associated with the beneficial effect of PUFA supplementation.
Neuroblastoma cell death in response to docosahexaenoic acid: Sensitization to chemotherapy and arsenic-induced oxidative stress; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid vital for the developing nervous system and significantly decreased in neuroblastoma cells compared to nontransformed nervous tissue. We investigated whether supplementation of DHA affects the susceptibility of neuroblastoma cells to oxidative stress generated endogenously and in response to cytotoxic therapy. DHA, but not the monounsaturated oleic acid (OA), induced dose- and time-dependent neuroblastoma cell death. DHA supplementation was associated with depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane potential, production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and accumulation of DNA in sub-G1 phase of the cell cycle. The antioxidant, vitamin E, inhibited mitochondrial depolarization and subsequent cell death induced by DHA, whereas, the mitochondrial pore inhibitor, cyclosporin A, partly inhibited DHA-induced neuroblastoma cell death. Depletion of glutathione by (L)-buthionine. sulfoximine significantly enhanced the cytotoxic effects of DHA. Nontransformed fibroblasts were not substantially affected by DHA. DHA, but not OA, significantly enhanced the cytotoxicity of cisplatin, doxorubicin and irinotecan both in chemosensitive and in multidrug-resistant neuroblastoma cells. DHA potently sensitized neuroblastoma cells to a clinically relevant concentration (1 mu M) of arsenic trioxide (AS(2)O(3)) and enhanced the effect of the nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID), diclofenac. These findings provide experimental evidence that the omega-3 fatty acid, DHA, is cytotoxic to drug-resistant neuroblastoma. The potent action of DHA with arsenic trioxide, NSAID and chemotherapeutic agents suggests clinical testing of this therapeutic concept in children with neuroblastoma. (c) 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
A Randomized Trial of ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Circulating Lipoprotein Subclasses in Healthy Older Adults; Background Omega-3 (n-3) PUFAs are recognized for triglyceride-lowering effects in people with dyslipidemia, but it remains unclear if n-3-PUFA intake influences lipoprotein profiles in older adults without hypertriglyceridemia. Objectives The objective was to determine the effect of n-3-PUFA supplementation on plasma lipoprotein subfractions in healthy older men and women in the absence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) or hypertriglyceridemia. This was a secondary analysis and considered exploratory. Methods Thirty young (20-35 y old) and 54 older (65-85 y old) men and women were enrolled in the study. Fasting plasma samples were collected. After baseline sample collection, 44 older adults were randomly assigned to receive either n-3-PUFA ethyl esters (3.9 g/d) or placebo (corn oil) for 6 mo. Pre- and postintervention plasma samples were used for quantitative lipoprotein subclass analysis using high-resolution proton NMR spectroscopy. Results The number of large, least-dense LDL particles decreased 17%-18% with n-3 PUFAs compared with placebo (P < 0.01). The number of small, dense LDL particles increased 26%-44% with n-3 PUFAs compared with placebo (similar to 11% decrease; P < 0.01). The cholesterol content of large HDL particles increased by 32% with n-3 PUFAs and by 2% in placebo (P < 0.01). The cholesterol content of small HDL particles decreased by 23% with n-3 PUFAs and by 2% in placebo (P < 0.01). Conclusions Despite increasing abundance of small, dense LDL particles that are associated with CVD risk, n-3 PUFAs reduced total triglycerides, maintained HDL, reduced systolic blood pressure, and shifted the HDL particle distribution toward a favorable cardioprotective profile in healthy older adults without dyslipidemia. This study suggests potential benefits of n-3-PUFA supplementation to lipoprotein profiles in healthy older adults without dyslipidemia, which should be considered when weighing the potential health benefits against the cost and ecological impact of widespread use of n-3-PUFA supplements. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03350906.
Effect of Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Risk of Frailty An Ancillary Study of a Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Preventive strategies for frailty are needed. Whether supplements with anti-inflammatory properties, such as vitamin D-3 or marine omega-3 fatty adds, are useful for frailty prevention is unknown.
Bioactive Fish Fatty Acids: Health Effects and Their Use as Functional Food Ingredients; The nutritional benefits of fish or fish oil consumption lies predominantly in its advantageous fatty acid profile, which is rich in long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3 PUFA). Evidence from a large number of epidemiological studies, clinical studies and intervention trials have established the protective effect of omega 3 PUFA against several diseases. New experimental evidence also indicates the presence in fish oils of other class of bioactive fatty acids, such as the furan fatty acid (F-acids). Dietary recommendations suggest that the consumption of omega 3 PUFA should be increased. The great variability of fatty acid composition of fish species throughout the year should be considered when fish are suggested as a means of improving health or used for oil extraction.
Lower docosahexaenoic acid concentrations in the postmortem prefrontal cortex of adult depressed suicide victims compared with controls without cardiovascular disease; Background: A growing body of evidence suggests that deficits in long-chain omega-3 (LCn-3) fatty acids may contribute to major depressive disorder (MDD) and principal causes of excess mortality including suicide and cardiovascular disease. In the present study we compared concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3), the principal LCn-3 fatty acid in brain, in the postmortem prefrontal cortex (BA10) of adult depressed suicide victims and controls with and/or without cardiovascular disease.
Protective effect of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) complications, such as chronic arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death. Improved myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion injury results in smaller myocardial infarction, which is a major factor in the occurrence of CHD complications. We hypothesized that a specific dietary fatty acid profile (low in saturated and n-6 PUFA but high in plant and marine n-3 PUFA) may improve myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion injury and reduce infarct size. To test this assumption, we used a well-defined rat model of myocardial infarction. Based on our results, in comparison to a diet that is high in either saturated or n-6 PUFA but poor in plant and marine n-3 PUFA, a diet that is low in saturated fats and n-6 PUFA but rich in plant and marine n-3 PUFA results in smaller myocardial infarct size (P < .01). The effects of the 3 diets were also examined by analyzing the fatty acid composition of plasma, erythrocyte cell membranes, and the phospholipids of myocardial mitochondria. The results show a great accumulation of n-3 PUFA and a parallel decrease in arachidonic acid, the main n-6 PUFA, in plasma, cell membranes, and cardiac mitochondria (P < .0001). We conclude that improved myocardial resistance to ischemia-reperfusion may be one of the critical factors explaining the protective effects of dietary n-3 PUFA against CHD complications in humans. In addition to increasing n-3 PUFA intake, an optimal dietary pattern aimed at reducing cardiovascular mortality should include a reduction of the intake of both saturated and n-6 PUFA. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All tights reserved.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: the Role in Prevention of Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease after Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery; Aim. To estimate the role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) administration in atrial fibrillation (AF) prevention after planned coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. Material and Methods. Studied were 306 patients divided into two groups: patients of group I didn't receive PUFAs (158 patients, 82.7% males) and patients of group II received PUFAs (148 patients, 89.3% males). PUFAs were prescribed in daily dose 2000 mg 5 days before surgery and in daily dose 1000 mg in postoperative period during 21 days. Results. Postoperative AF (POAF) occurred in 29.7% patients in group I and in 16.9% patients in group II (.=0.009). We found that after CABG in patients of the I group median IL-6 level was 39.3% higher (p=0.001), interleukin-10 - 20.2% higher (p=0.01), superoxide dismutase - 78.9% higher (.<0.001), malondialdehyde - 33.8% higher (p=0.03), docosahexaenoic acid - 31.8% lower (p=0.01) and omega-3 index - 43.4% lower (p=0.04) than in patients of the II group. According to multivariate regression analysis we found significant association between the factors of inflammation, oxidative stress and the risk POAF development. Conclusions. In patients who took PUFAs, we found less activation of inflammation, oxidative stress, the increasing of docosahexaenoic acid and omega-3 index accompanied by the decreasing of POAF development rates up to 12.8%.
Triglyceride levels are ethnic-specifically associated with an index of stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity and n-3 PUFA levels in Asians; Accumulated evidence suggests that hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is independently associated with an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. The hypotriglyceridemic effects of n-3 PUFAs have been confirmed in Caucasians, but the effect in Asians is less clear. Recent evidence indicates that stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) activity induced with high-carbohydrate diets increases plasma triglyceride levels. We investigated the relationship between triglyceride levels and the ratio of plasma oleic acid to stearic acid (the 18:1/18:0 ratio), a plasma marker of SCD activity, and n-3 PUFAs in 411 Japanese, 418 Korean, and 251 Mongolian adults. The Japanese and Koreans had higher values for triglyceride than their Mongolian counterparts, despite lower body mass index values for the Japanese and Koreans. The Japanese and Koreans ate fish more frequently and had remarkably higher values for n-3 PUFAs than did the Mongolians. Multiple regression analysis showed that triglyceride levels had a great magnitude of correlation with the increases in 18:1/18:0 ratio for the Japanese and Mongolians, and n-3 PUFAs remained significant for the Mongolians. HTG is ethnicity-specifically associated with an increase in the 18:1/18:0 ratio and a decrease in n-3 PUFA in plasma for Japanese, Koreans, and Mongolians.
Omega-3 eicosapentaenoic polar-lipid rich extract from microalgae <i>Nannochloropsis</i> decreases plasma triglycerides and cholesterol in a real-world normolipidemic supplement consumer population; Introduction: AlmegaPL (R) is an oil rich in polar-lipid (> 15% w/w) derived from the microalga Nannochloropsis, that contains exclusively eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA > 25% w/w), without the DHA that is present in all other natural sources of omega-3. Previous findings from a randomized controlled clinical trial demonstrated the ability of AlmegaPL (R) supplementation to reduce cholesterol levels. Methods: In this post-market cohort study, we built upon previous findings and targeted the actual end-users of the supplement. Participants were recruited from a new subscriber database of AlmegaPL (R) capsules (1000-1100 mg/day) to capture the complexity of real-world clinical and consumer settings. Changes in circulating triglycerides (TG), remnant cholesterol (RC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), total cholesterol (TC), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were monitored at baseline, Month 3, and Month 6 of supplementation using the at-home Baseline Heart Health Testing Kit by Imaware (R) (Houston, TX, USA). Results: Participants, who had, on average, normal TG level at baseline (1.62 +/- 0.60 mmol/L), experienced a significant and progressive decrease in TG at Month 3 (8.0%; -0.13 +/- 0.59 mmol/L; p < 0.001) and Month 6 (14.2%; -0.23 +/- 0.64 mmol/L; p < 0.001) (primary outcome). Furthermore, after 6 months of supplementation, TC and non-HDL-cholesterol decreased by 5.0% (-0.26 +/- 0.98 mmol/L; p < 0.001) and 5.5% (-0.21 +/- 0.86 mmol/L; p < 0.001) respectively, primarily driven by a 14.9% reduction in RC (-0.11 +/- 0.29 mmol/L; p < 0.001). Discussion: Consistent with our previous clinical trial, the decrease in RC was not coupled to an increase in LDL, which seems to be a benefit associated with EPA-only based formulations. In addition, this study demonstrated the AlmegaPL (R) capacity to maintain already healthy TG levels by further inducing a 14.9% decrease. Collectively, these findings highlight AlmegaPL (R) uniqueness as a natural over-the-counter option for EPA-only polar lipid that appears particularly effective in maintaining blood lipid levels in a generally healthy, normolipidemic population.
IMPROVEMENT OF SERUM-LIPIDS AND BLOOD-PRESSURE DURING INTERVENTION WITH N-3 FATTY-ACIDS WAS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN INSULIN LEVELS IN SUBJECTS WITH COMBINED HYPERLIPIDEMIA; Objectives. To investigate the effect of an omega-3 fatty acid concentrate K85 on serum lipids, lipoproteins, insulin metabolism and blood pressure in subjects with combined hyperlipidaemia.
Vitamin B<sub>12</sub> Deficiency Across Three Generations Adversely Influences Long-chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Status and Cardiometabolic Markers in Rats; Background and Aims. Vitamin B-12 and omega-3 fatty acid deficiency is prevalent in the vegetarian population and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiometabolic risk. The present study investigates the long-term effects of vitamin B-12 deficiency/supplementation in the presence of omega-3 fatty acids on cardiometabolic profile and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid levels (LCPUFA) in the F-3 generation offspring.
The effect of concentrated n-3 fatty acids versus gemfibrozil on plasma lipoproteins, low density lipoprotein heterogeneity and oxidizability in patients with hypertrygliceridemia; We evaluated in a double-blind randomized trial with a double-dummy design in 28 patients with primary hypertriglyceridemia, the effect of gemfibrozil (1200 mg/day) versus Omacor (4 g/day), a drug containing the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DI-IA), on lipid and lipoprotein levels, low density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile and LDL oxidizability. Both Omacor and gemfibrozil therapy resulted in a similar significant decrease in serum triglyceride (TG), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglyceride and VLDL cholesterol concentrations and an increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) and LDL cholesterol concentrations. The increase in LDL cholesterol was due to a significant increase in cholesterol content of the relatively buoyant LDL subfractions LDL1, LDL? and LDL3, whereas the relative contribution of the dense LDL subfractions LDL4 and LDL5 to total LDL tended to decrease. So, both therapies resulted in a more buoyant LDL subfraction profile, reflected by a significant increase of the value of parameter K (+ 10.3% on Omacor vs + 26.5% on gemfibrozil therapy, gemfibrozil vs Omacor P > 0.05). Cu2+-induced oxidation of LDL was measured by continuous monitoring of conjugated dienes. After 12 weeks of Omacor treatment LDL appeared more prone to oxidative modification in vitro than LDL after gemfibrozil treatment, as measured by the significantly decreased lag time, preceding the onset of the lipid peroxidation. In both groups the rate of oxidation did not change with therapy. The amount of dienes formed during oxidation increased significantly on Omacor treatment, but not on gemfibrozil treatment. Plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substances were higher after Omacor and lower after gemfibrozil treatment, although not significantly. We conclude that both Omacor and gemfibrozil have favorable effects on lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and the LDL subfraction profile. However, Omacor increased the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation, whereas gemfibrozil did not affect the resistance of LDL to oxidative modification in vitro. The clinical relevance of these changes remains to be established in the light of other postulated favorable effects of n-3 fatty acids on the course of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Lean Fish Consumption on Triglyceride Levels; Marine omega-3 fatty acids have an important role in reducing the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). The American Heart Association recommends 1 g/day of omega-3 fatty acids for patients with CAD, and for those without CAD, the consumption of a variety of fish (preferably fatty fish) at least twice a week is recommended. Greater amounts of omega-3 fatty acids (4 g per day) are recommended to treat hypertriglyceridemia. Fish oil capsules are oft en needed to provide the greater quanti ties of omega-3 fatty acids necessary to treat hypertriglyceridemia, which should not obscure the important triglyceride-lowering effects of seafood consumption. The effects of fish consumption on plasma lipids and lipoproteins are well described in studies that have generally been conducted with fatty fish and fish oil capsules. This study of a group of men and women in a strictly controlled dietary setting showed that compared with a cholesterol-free diet, both lean fish and beef diets raised plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, but the fish diet resulted in lower levels of plasma total cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides, and VLDL cholesterol, while the beef diet resulted in higher plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. These findings can help practitioners to extend their dietary recommendations to incorporate significant quantities of low-fat fish to reduce triglyceride levels.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ameliorate neuroinflammation and mitigate ischemic stroke damage through interactions with astrocytes and microglia; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA n3) provide neuroprotection due to their anti-inflammatory and anti-apoptotic properties as well as their regulatory function on growth factors and neuronal plasticity. These qualities enable PUFA n3 to ameliorate stroke outcome and limit neuronal damage. Young adult male rats received transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO). PUFA n3 were intravenously administered into the jugular vein immediately after stroke and 12 h later. We analyzed stroke volume and behavioral performance as well as the regulation of functionally-relevant genes in the penumbra The extent of ischemic damage was reduced and behavioral performance improved subject to applied PUFA n3. Expression of Tau and growth-associated protein-43 genes were likewise restored. Ischemia-induced increase of cytokine mRNA levels was abated by PUFA n3. Using an in vitro approach, we demonstrate that cultured astroglial and microglia directly respond to PUFA n3 administration by preventing ischemia-induced increase of cyclooxygenase 2, hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha, inducible nitric oxide synthase, and interleukin Theta. Cultured cortical neurons also appeared as direct targets, since PUFA n3 shifted the Bcl-2-like protein 4 (Bax)/B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl2) ratio towards an anti-apoptotic constellation. Thus, PUFA n3 reveal a high neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory potential in an acute ischemic stroke model by targeting astroglial and microglial function as well as improving neuronal survival strategies. Our findings signify the potential clinical feasibility of PUPA n3 therapeutic treatment in stroke and other acute neurological diseases. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Corn oil versus lard: Metabolic effects of omega-3 fatty acids in mice fed obesogenic diets with different fatty acid composition; Mixed results have been obtained regarding the level of insulin resistance induced by high-fat diets rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA) when compared to those enriched by polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and how metabolic effects of marine PUFA of n-3 series, i.e. docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), depend on dietary lipid background. Here we compared two high-fat diets, in which the major lipid constituent was based either on SFA in the form of pork lard (LHF diet) or PUFA of n-6 series (Omega -6) as corn oil (cHF diet). Both cHF and LHF parental diets were also supplemented with EPA+DHA (similar to 30 g/kg diet) to produce cHF+F and LHF+F diet, respectively. Male C57BL/6N mice were fed the experimental diets for 8 weeks. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps in mice fed LHF and cHF diets, and then metabolic effects of cHF+F and LHF+F diets were assessed focusing on the liver and epididymal white adipose tissue (eWAT). Both LHF and cHF induced comparable weight gain and the level of insulin resistance, however LHF-fed mice showed increased hepatic steatosis associated with elevated activity of stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1), and lower plasma triacylglycerol levels when compared to cHF. Despite lowering hepatic SCD1 activity, which was concomitant with reduced hepatic steatosis reaching the level observed in cHF+F mice, LHF+F did not decrease adiposity and the weight of eWAT, and rather further impaired insulin sensitivity relative to cHF+F, that tended to improve it. In conclusion, high-fat diets containing as much as similar to 35 weight% as lipids induce similar weight gain and impairment of insulin sensitivity irrespective whether they are based on SFA or Omega -6. Although the SFA-rich diet containing EPA+DHA efficiently reduced hepatic steatosis, it did so without a corresponding improvement in insulin sensitivity and in the absence of effect on adiposity. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and plant sterols in hyperlipidemic individuals; Background: Risk factors of cardiovascular disease such as lipid aberrations, hypertension, abdominal adiposity and elevations in systemic inflammation, are prominent aetiologies in hyperlipidemia. Supplementation with n-3 PUFA is associated with a reduction in cardiovascular events through its hypotriglyceridemic, anti-aggregatory and anti-inflammatory properties. Plant sterols have potent hypocholesterolemic properties, although their effect on the inflammatory cascade is uncertain. This study investigated the effect of combined supplementation with n-3 PUFA and plant sterols on cardiovascular risk factors, blood pressure, body composition, markers of systemic inflammation and overall risk, in hyperlipidemic individuals.
The Involvement of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Apoptosis Mechanisms and Their Implications in Cancer; Cancer is a significant global public health issue and, despite advancements in detection and treatment, the prognosis remains poor. Cancer is a complex disease characterized by various hallmarks, including dysregulation in apoptotic cell death pathways. Apoptosis is a programmed cell death process that efficiently eliminates damaged cells. Several studies have indicated the involvement of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in apoptosis, including omega-3 PUFAs such as alpha-linolenic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid. However, the role of omega-6 PUFAs, such as linoleic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid, in apoptosis is controversial, with some studies supporting their activation of apoptosis and others suggesting inhibition. These PUFAs are essential fatty acids, and Western populations today have a high consumption rate of omega-6 to omega-3 PUFAs. This review focuses on presenting the diverse molecular mechanisms evidence in both in vitro and in vivo models, to help clarify the controversial involvement of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs in apoptosis mechanisms in cancer.
Relationship between long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and ankle brachial index, pulse wave velocity and resting heart rate in a sample of overweight adults: A secondary analysis of baseline data in the HealthTrack study; Aim The present study aimed to explore the association between dietary long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCn3PUFA) intake and cardiovascular risk indicators (ankle brachial index, resting heart rate and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity) in a clinical sample of overweight and obese participants volunteering for a weight loss trial. Methods This was a secondary analysis of baseline data from the HealthTrack study (n = 351). LCn3PUFA intake was calculated via a diet history and the association with ankle brachial index, resting heart rate and brachio-ankle pulse wave velocity was explored using linear regression after controlling for covariates. Results LCn3PUFA intake was inversely associated with ankle brachial index (R-2 change = 0.021, F change (1, 339) = 8.864, P < 0.05) and resting heart rate (R-2 change = 0.014, F change (1, 342) = 5.337, P < 0.05) but not with brachio-ankle pulse wave velocity (R-2 change = 0.001, F change (1, 339) = 0.725, P > 0.05). Conclusions In this clinical sample of overweight adults, LCn3PUFA consumption was significantly associated with a lower resting heart rate, adding to the current evidence on the potential benefits of LCn3PUFA consumption. It also supports the value of targeting a diet rich in this nutrient when planning future dietetic approaches. Relationships with ankle brachial index and pulse wave velocity require further investigation. Future research should assess the effect of changes in dietary LCn3PUFA intake on novel cardiovascular risk indicators.
Microencapsulated foods as a functional delivery vehicle for omega-3 fatty acids: a pilot study; It is well established that the ingestion of the omega-3 (N3) fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) positively benefit a variety of health indices. Despite these benefits the actual intake of fish derived N3 is relatively small in the United States. The primary aim of our study was to examine a technology capable of delivering omega-3 fatty acids in common foods via microencapsulation (MicroN3) in young, healthy, active participants who are at low risk for cardiovascular disease. Accordingly, we randomized 20 participants (25.4 +/- 6.2 y; 73.4 +/- 5.1 kg) to receive the double blind delivery of a placebo-matched breakfast meal (similar to 2093 kJ) containing MicroN3 (450-550 mg EPA/DHA) during a 2-week pilot trial. Overall, we observed no differences in overall dietary macronutrient intake other than the N3 delivery during our treatment regimen. Post-test ANOVA analysis showed a significant elevation in mean (SE) plasma DHA (91.18 +/- 9.3 vs. 125.58 +/- 11.3 umol/L; P < 0.05) and a reduction in triacylglycerols (89.89 +/- 12.8 vs. 80.78 +/- 10.4 mg/dL; P < 0.05) accompanying the MicroN3 treatment that was significantly different from placebo (P < 0.05). In post study interviews, participants reported that the ingested food was well-tolerated, contained no fish taste, odor or gastrointestinal distress accompanying treatment. The use of MicroN3 foods provides a novel delivery system for the delivery of essential fatty acids. Our study demonstrates that MicroN3 foods promote the absorption of essential N3, demonstrate bioactivity within 2 weeks of ingestion and are well tolerated in young, active participants who are at low risk for cardiovascular disease.
Correction of Hypertriglyceridemia as the Way to Reduce Residual Risk in Diseases Caused by Atherosclerosis; Tactics for the management of patients with hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is provided in the conclusion of the Advisory Board. It is demonstrated that HTG is quite prevalent in patients with excessive body weight and is an important component of residual risk. HTG creates additional conditions for the progression of atherosclerosis, and thus it is recommended to test triglyceride in patients with high, very high and extremely high cardiovascular risk. The indication for the pharmacological treatment to reduce the triglycerides concentration is their level more than 2.3 mmol/l. Statins are drugs of choice aimed to decrease the cardiovascular risk in patients with hypercholesterinemia and HTG. Fenofibrate is used to correct HTG; in case of its intolerance or if the triglyceride target level is not reached, ethyl esters of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid can be used in the dosage of 2-4 g daily. In patients with triglyceride level higher than 5.6 mmol/l, fenofibrate is the main option of treatment.
Potential neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory effects provided by omega-3 (DHA) against Zika virus infection in human SH-SY5Y cells; Zika virus (ZIKV) has a strong tropism for the nervous system and has been related to post-infection neurological syndromes. Once neuronal cells are infected, the virus is capable of modulating cell metabolism, leading to neurotoxicity and cellular death. The negative effect of ZIKV in neuron cells has been characterized. However, the description of molecules capable of reversing these cytotoxic effects is still under investigation. In this context, it has been largely demonstrated that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, is highly neuroprotective. Here, we hypothesized that DHA's neuroprotective proprieties could have an influence on ZIKV-induced neurotoxicity in SH-SY5Y cells. Our data showed that pre-treatment of SH-SY5Y cells with DHA increased the cell viability and proliferation in ZIKV-infected cells. Moreover, DHA triggered an anti-inflammatory response in those infected cells. Besides, DHA was capable of restoring mitochondria function and number in ZIKV-infected SH-SY5Y cells. In addition, cells pre-treated with DHA prior to ZIKV infection presented a lower viral load at different times of infection. Taking together, these results demonstrated that DHA has a potential anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effect against ZIKV infection in these neuron-like cells and could be a useful tool in the treatment against this virus.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Replacing saturated with polyunsaturated (PUFAs) rather than monounsaturated fatty acids or carbohydrates results in cardiovascular prevention over a wide range of intakes. The mechanisms by which PUFAs reduce cardiovascular risk are manifold, and the extent and precise nature of their activities is the subject of several investigations, spanning from in vitro mechanistic studies to human intervention trials. This article reviews the most up-to-date evidence of the association between PUFA consumption and reduced cardiovascular mortality.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Depression: Scientific Evidence and Biological Mechanisms; The changing of omega-6/omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the food supply of Western societies occurred over the last 150 years is thought to promote the pathogenesis of many inflammatory-related diseases, including depressive disorders. Several epidemiological studies reported a significant inverse correlation between intake of oily fish and depression or bipolar disorders. Studies conducted specifically on the association between omega-3 intake and depression reported contrasting results, suggesting that the preventive role of omega-3 PUFA may depend also on other factors, such as overall diet quality and the social environment. Accordingly, tertiary prevention with omega-3 PUFA supplement in depressed patients has reached greater effectiveness during the last recent years, although definitive statements on their use in depression therapy cannot be yet freely asserted. Among the biological properties of omega-3 PUFA, their anti-inflammatory effects and their important role on the structural changing of the brain should be taken into account to better understand the possible pathway through which they can be effective both in preventing or treating depression. However, the problem of how to correct the inadequate supply of omega-3 PUFA in the Westernized countries' diet is a priority in order to set food and health policies and also dietary recommendations for individuals and population groups.
Erythrocyte Omega-3 Fatty Acid Content in Elite Athletes in Response to Omega-3 Supplementation: A Dose-Response Pilot Study; Introduction. Supplementation of Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3FA) in athletes is related to the anti-inflammatory and/or antioxidant effect and consequently its action on all the processes of tissue restoration and adaptation to physical stress. Objective. Evaluate the Omega-3 Index (O3Ix) response, in red blood cells, to supplemental EPA + DHA intake in the form of high purity and stable composition gums (G), in elite summer athletes. Method. Twenty-four summer sport athletes of both sexes, pertaining to the Olympic Training Center in Spain, were randomized to two groups (2G = 760 or 3G = 1140 mg of n-3 FA in Omegafort OKids, Ferrer Intl.) for 4 months. Five athletes and four training staff volunteers were control group. Results. The O3Ix was lower than 8% in 93.1% of all the athletes. The supplementation worked in a dose-dependent manner: 144% for the 3G dose and 135% for the 2G, both p < 0.001, with a 3% significant decrease of Omega-6 FAs. No changes were observed for the control group. Conclusions. Supplementation with n-3FA increases the content of EPA DHA in the red blood cells at 4 months in a dose-dependent manner. Athletes with lower basal O3Ix were more prone to increment their levels. The study is registered with Protocol Registration and Results System (ClinicalTrials.gov) number NCT02610270.
Inhibition of platelet aggregation by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is gender specific-Redefining platelet response to fish oils; Existence of gender differences in cardiovascular disease (CVD) following long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCn-3 PUFA) supplementation have suggested that sex hormones play a role in cardio-protection. The objective of this study was to determine gender specific responses in the efficacy of LCn-3 PUFA to inhibit platelet aggregation in vitro. Blood was analyzed for collagen-induced platelet aggregation following pre-incubation with LCn-3 PUFA in healthy adults (n = 42). Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) was significantly more effective in reducing platelet aggregation compared with docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). When grouped by gender, this differential pattern was followed in males only. In females, DHA, DPA and EPA were all equally effective. Between group analyses (LCn-3 PUFA vs. gender) showed that both DHA and DPA were significantly less effective in males compared with females. EPA was equally effective in reducing platelet aggregation in both groups. These findings show that significant gender differences exist in platelet aggregation in response to various LCn-3 PUFA treatments. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Early-onset coronary atherosclerosis in patients with low levels of omega-3 fatty acids; Objectives Coronary artery calcification (CAC) can reliably predict cardiovascular events. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are thought to inhibit vascular calcification on a cellular level and in animal models, however, the correlation in humans is controversial. Methods In symptomatic patients, CAC was quantified according to Agatstons' method using non-contrast coronary CT. We assessed the association of EPA and DHA with early-onset coronary atherosclerosis, defined as presence of CAC above the 75th Agatston-Score (AS) percentile in sex adjusted age categories. Erythrocyte fatty acid composition was analyzed with a standardized methodology. The percentage of EPA and DHA in relation to all fatty acids present in the erythrocyte membrane is regarded the Omega-3 Index (R). Results Among 71 patients, 51 were below and 20 were above the 75th AS-percentile. No differences were seen in age, gender, cardiovascular risk factors, and relevant medication. In univariable analysis, significantly lower values for EPA (0.77%[0.63; 0.97] vs. 0.93%[0.72; 1.21]; p = 0.045), DHA (4.90%[4.12; 5.57] vs. 5.50%[4.58; 6.52]; p = 0.038) and the Omega-3 Index (5.73%[4.75; 6.35] vs. 6.22%[5.46; 7.71]; p = 0.034) were seen in patients above the 75th AS-percentile. All other fatty acids showed no significant differences. In multivariable analysis, the Omega-3 Index showed a significant inverse association with early onset of CAC (OR: 0.533 (95%CI: 0.303-0.938; p = 0.029)), independent of age, gender, statin use, and creatinine level (all p > 0.05). Conclusions Low levels of EPA and DHA (Omega-3 Index) are associated with early-onset coronary atherosclerosis. This finding needs to be validated in larger cohorts and might help understand the beneficial cardiovascular effects of omega-3 fatty acids.
Novel Phospholipid Signature of Depressive Symptom s in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease; Background-Depression in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) is associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity. Given the proinflammatory actions of phospholipids, aberrant phospholipid metabolism may be an etiological mechanism linking CAD and depression. Our primary objective was to identify a phospholipid biomarker panel that characterizes CAD patients with significant depressive symptoms from those without.
The Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid on Vitamin D Activation in Hemodialysis Patients: A Pilot Study; The high incidence of cardiovascular disease and vitamin D deficiency in chronic kidney disease patients is well known. Vitamin D activation by omega-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation may explain the cardioprotective effects exerted by omega-3 FA. We hypothesized that omega-3 FA and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) supplementation may increase 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)(2)D) levels compared to 25(OH)D supplementation alone in hemodialysis (HD) patients that have insufficient or deficient 25(OH)D levels. We enrolled patients that were treated for at least six months with 25(OH)D < 30 ng/mL (NCT01596842). Patients were randomized to treatment for 12 weeks with cholecalciferol supplemented with omega-3 FA or a placebo. Levels of 25(OH)D and 1,25(OH)(2)D were measured after 12 weeks. The erythrocyte membrane FA contents were also measured. Levels of 25(OH)D were increased in both groups at 12 weeks compared to baseline. The 1,25(OH)(2)D levels at 12 weeks compared to baseline showed a tendency to increase in the omega-3 FA group. The oleic acid and monounsaturated FA content decreased, while the omega-3 index increased in the omega-3 FA group. Omega-3 FA supplementation may be partly associated with vitamin D activation, although increased 25(OH)D levels caused by short-term cholecalciferol supplementation were not associated with vitamin D activation in HD patients.
Pro- and antiarrhythmic properties of a diet rich in fish oil; Increased consumption of fish rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega 3-PUFAs) is associated with decreased incidence of sudden cardiac death in post-myocardial infarction patients, but is also related to increased incidence of sudden death and arrhythmias in patients with acute myocardial ischemia. This review discusses the possible pro- and antiarrhythmic mechanisms of omega 3-PUFAs in relation to various cardiac pathologies. Differences between circulating and incorporated omega 3-PUFAs with respect to electrophysiology are emphasized.
Pharmacokinetic Comparison Between a Fixed-Dose Combination of Atorvastatin/Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters and the Corresponding Loose Combination in Healthy Korean Male Subjects; Purpose: Statins are widely used in combination with omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of patients with dyslipidemia. The aim of this study was to compare the pharmacokinetic (PK) profiles of atorvastatin and omega-3-acid ethyl esters between fixed-dose combination (FDC) and loose combination in healthy subjects. Methods: A randomized, open-label, single-dose, 2-sequence, 2-treatment, 4-period replicated crossover study was performed. Subjects were randomly assigned to one of the 2 sequences and alternately received four FDC soft capsules of atorvastatin/omega3-acid ethyl esters (10/1000 mg) or a loose combination of atorvastatin tablets (10 mg x 4) and omega-3-acid ethyl ester soft capsules (1000 mgx 4) for four periods, each period accompanied by a high-fat meal. Serial blood samples were collected for PK analysis of atorvastatin, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). PK parameters were calculated by a non-compartmental analysis. The geometric mean ratio (GMR) and its 90% confidence interval (CI) of the FDC to the loose combination were calculated to compare PK parameters. Results: A total of 43 subjects completed the study as planned. The GMR (90% CI) of FDC to loose combination for maximum concentration (Cmax) and area under the time-concentration curve from zero to the last measurable point (AUClast) were 1.0931 (1.0054- 1.1883) and 0.9885 (0.9588-1.0192) for atorvastatin, 0.9607 (0.9068-1.0178) and 0.9770 (0.9239-1.0331) for EPA, and 0.9961 (0.9127- 1.0871) and 0.9634 (0.8830-1.0512) for DHA, respectively. The intra-subject variability for Cmax and AUClast of DHA was 30.8% and 37.5%, respectively, showing high variability. Both the FDC and the loose combination were safe and well tolerated. Conclusion: The FDC of atorvastatin and omega-3-acid ethyl esters showed comparable PK characteristics to the corresponding loose combination, offering a convenient therapeutic option for the treatment of dyslipidemia.
Association between n-3 fatty acid status in blood and electrocardiographic in predictors of arrhythmia risk healthy volunteers; There are strong indications that intake of very long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) from fish reduces the risk of heart disease, possibly by preventing cardiac arrhythmia.(1-3) However, the mechanism behind such an antiarrhythmic effect is not clear. Therefore, we investigated whether n-3 fatty acids may protect against heart disease via increased heart rate variability, a risk predictor for mortality and arrhythmia.(4-6) Another risk predictor for all-cause and cardiac mortality is a longer duration of QT interval(7,8) corrected for heart rate (QTc interval). In dogs, infusion with n-3 free fatty acids not only prevented cardiac arrhythmia, but also decreased the duration of the QTc interval.(9) We investigated, in a cross-sectional study of 53 healthy volunteers, the association of intake of n-3 PUFA with heart rate variability and with length of the QTc interval. To assess habitual intake of n-3 fatty acids, we used the fatty acid composition in cholesteryl esters.(10).
Suicide Deaths of Active-Duty US Military and Omega-3 Fatty-Acid Status: A Case-Control Comparison; Background: The recent escalation of US military suicide deaths to record numbers has been a sentinel for impaired force efficacy and has accelerated the search for reversible risk factors.
Fish Intake, Circulating Mercury and Mortality in Renal Transplant Recipients; Marine-derived omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are inversely associated with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in renal transplant recipients (RTRs). Recommendations to increase marine-derived n-3 PUFAs by increasing fish intake may have a drawback in concomitant stimulation of mercury intake, which could lead to higher circulating mercury concentrations and mitigation of otherwise beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs. We aimed to monitor circulating mercury concentrations, and to prospectively evaluate whether it counteracts the potential association between fish intake and cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in a cohort of RTRs (n = 604, 53 +/- 13 years-old, 57% men) with long-term follow-up (median of 5.4 years; 121 deaths). Circulating mercury concentration (median 0.30 (IQR 0.14-0.63) mu g/L) positively associated with fish intake (std. beta = 0.21, p < 0.001). Multivariable-adjusted Cox-proportional hazards regression analyses showed that prior to, and after additional adjustment for circulating mercury concentrations, fish intake was inversely associated with both cardiovascular (HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.58-0.96; and, HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.58-0.97, respectively) and all-cause mortality (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.72-0.97; and, HR 0.86, 95% CI 0.74-0.99, respectively). Secondary analyses accounting for marine-derived n-3 PUFAs intake revealed associations of similar magnitude. In conclusion, we found no evidence of a counteracting effect conferred by circulating mercury concentrations on the associations between fish and marine-derived n-3 PUFAs intake and the risks of cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in RTRs.
Emerging Mechanisms of Cardiovascular Protection for the Omega-3 Fatty Acid Eicosapentaenoic Acid; Patients with well-controlled LDL (low-density lipoprotein) levels still have residual cardiovascular risk associated with elevated triglycerides. Epidemiological studies have shown that elevated fasting triglyceride levels associate independently with incident cardiovascular events, and abundant recent human genetic data support the causality of TGRLs (triglyceride-rich lipoproteins) in atherothrombosis. Omega-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), lower blood triglyceride concentrations but likely exert additional atheroprotective properties at higher doses. Omega-3 fatty acids modulate T-cell differentiation and give rise to various prostaglandins and specialized proresolving lipid mediators that promote resolution of tissue injury and inflammation. The REDUCE-IT (Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial) with an EPA-only formulation lowered a composite of cardiovascular events by 25% in patients with established cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus and other cardiovascular risk factors. This clinical benefit likely arises from multiple molecular mechanisms discussed in this review. Indeed, human plaques readily incorporate EPA, which may render them less likely to trigger clinical events. EPA and DHA differ in their effects on membrane structure, rates of lipid oxidation, inflammatory biomarkers, and endothelial function as well as tissue distributions. Trials that have evaluated DHA-containing high-dose omega-3 fatty acids have thus far not shown the benefits of EPA alone demonstrated in REDUCE-IT. This review will consider the mechanistic evidence that helps to understand the potential mechanisms of benefit of EPA.
Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids, inflammation and mortality in dialysis patients; Background. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are essential nutrients with anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective properties. We investigated the association of essential dietary PUFA intake, reflected by plasma fatty acid composition, with inflammation and mortality in dialysis patients.
A Systemic Review of the Roles of n-3 Fatty Acids in Health and Disease; Attention to the role of n-3 long-chain fatty acids in human health and disease has been continuously increased during recent decades. Many clinical and epidemiologic studies have shown positive roles for n-3 fatty acids in infant development; cancer; cardiovascular diseases; and more recently, in various mental illnesses, including depression, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, and dementia. These fatty acids are known to have pleiotropic effects, including effects against inflammation, platelet aggregation, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. These beneficial effects may be mediated through several distinct mechanisms, including alterations in cell membrane composition and function, gene expression, or eicosanoid production. A number of authorities have recently recommended increases in intakes of n-3 fatty acids by the general population. To comply with this recommendation a variety of food products, most notably eggs, yogurt, milk, and spreads have been enriched with these fatty acids. Ongoing research will further determine the tissue distribution, biological effects, cost-effectiveness, and consumer acceptability of such enriched products. Furthermore, additional controlled clinical trials are needed to document whether long-term consumption or supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid or the plant-derived counterpart (a-linolenic acid) results in better quality of life. J Ant Diet Assoc. 2009;109:668-679.
The autonomic nervous system and cardiovascular disease: role of n-3 PUFAs; In the last decades, a large body of experimental and clinical evidence has been accumulated showing that cardiovascular diseases are often accompanied by an imbalance in the sympathetic-vagal outflow to the heart, resulting in a chronic adrenergic activation. The arterial baroreceptor system is a key component of mechanisms contributing to the neural regulation of the cardiovascular system. Several methods have been proposed to assess autonomic activity by analyzing heart rate and blood pressure changes either spontaneously occurring or following provocations. The autonomic nervous system has been regarded as one of the putative mechanisms involved into the beneficial effects of exposure to n-3 fatty acids observed in epidemiological studies. The aim of the present review is to provide an update on the clinical evidence proposed so far linking exposure to n-3 fatty acids to autonomic nervous system modulation. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic potential of marine n-3 fatty acids in CABG patients; Dietary intake of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has beneficial effects in various cardiac disorders. Few studies have, however, investigated the therapeutic potential of n-3 PUFA in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Five heterogeneous randomized studies on n-3 PUFA for prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation have yielded conflicting results. Increased venous graft patency rates following CABG were seen in another study in patients treated with n-3 PUFA. Finally, supplements with n-3 PUFA postoperatively have been associated with a lower risk of repeat revascularization and lower mortality in patients with poor ventricular function. Data are still few, and more studies are needed to clarify the therapeutic potential of n-3 PUFA in patients undergoing CABG.
Projected Long-Chain n-3 Fatty Acid Intake Post-Replacement of Vegetables Oils with Stearidonic Acid-Modified Varieties: Results from a National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2008 Analysis; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake is well below the amount recommended by the 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (0.25g/day), supporting the need for alternative dietary sources. Stearidonic acid (SDA)-enriched soybeans were bioengineered to endogenously synthesize SDA, which can be readily metabolized to EPA in humans; thus, incorporating the derived SDA-enriched soybean oil into the food supply is a potential strategy to increase EPA. We performed a dietary modeling exercise using National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2008 repeat 24-h dietary recall data (n = 24,621) to estimate the potential contribution of SDA-enriched oils to total long-chain n-3 fatty acid intake (defined as EPA + DHA + EPA-equivalents) following two hypothetical scenarios: (1) replacement of regular soybean oil with SDA soybean oil and (2) replacement of four common vegetable oils (corn, canola, cottonseed, and soybean) with respective SDA-modified varieties. Estimated median daily intakes increased from 0.11 to 0.16g/day post-replacement of regular soybean oil with SDA-modified soybean oil, and to 0.21g/day post-replacement of four oils with SDA-modified oil; the corresponding mean intakes were 0.17, 0.27, and 0.44g/day, respectively. The percent of the population who met the 0.25g/day recommendation increased from at least 10% to at least 30% and 40% in scenarios 1 and 2, respectively. Additional strategies are needed to ensure the majority of the US population achieve EPA and DHA recommendations, and should be assessed using methods designed to estimate the distribution of usual intake of these episodically consumed nutrients.
The use of novel foods enriched with long-chain n-3 fatty acids to increase dietary intake: A comparison of methodologies assessing nutrient intake; Objective To evaluate the effect of consuming a variety of foods enriched in long-chain n-3 fatty acids in low fish eaters.
Omega-3 index levels and associated factors in a middle-aged French population: the MONA LISA-NUT Study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The omega-3 index (the summed percentage content of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids in red blood cells) is associated with a lower risk of fatal coronary heart disease and sudden cardiac death. We aimed to determine which socio-demographic, behavioural or clinical factors are independently associated with the omega-3 index and the extent to which seafood consumption mediates the index's association with socio-economic status (SES).
Association of plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids with arterial blood pressure A Mendelian randomization study; High polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) intake is recommended for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the association of PUFAs with blood pressure (BP) is still controversial. In the present study, two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed to investigate the causal relationship of PUFAs with BP, including systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and pulse pressure (PP). Genetic instruments and summary statistics for two-sample MR analysis were obtained from 3 large-scale genome-wide association studies (GWASs). Eight single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) significantly (P < 5 x 10(-8)) related to 6 PUFAs were used as instrumental variables. Conventional inverse-variance weighted method was adopted to evaluate the causality of PUFAs with BP; the Weighted Median, MR-egger, and Leave-one-out method were used for sensitivity analyses. As a result, there was no evidence of a causal association between all PUFAs and SBP. In addition, arachidonic acid (AA, beta = -0.04, P < .001) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, beta = -0.47, P = .02) were negatively associated with DBP, while linoleic acid (LA, beta = 0.03, P = .005) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, beta = 3.83, P < .001) were positively associated with DBP. There was no evidence of a causal relationship between either docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) with DBP. In conclusion, a genetic predisposition to plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) had a divergent effect on DBP, independent of SBP. It suggested that it is helpful for lower DBP level to supplemental intake of AA and EPA or promote the conversion of LA and ALA to AA and EPA respectively, which need to be further validated with randomized controlled studies.
The Influence of the n-3 Fatty Acids on the Immune System, Early Infant Feeding and Pregnancy; The importance of n-3 fatty acids in the immune system and the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes has been the focus of research in the last years. Thereby the influence of the eicosanoid synthesis and the cytokin-and lymphocyte function is especially taken into account. Furthermore it was shown that the consumption of fish oil during pregnancy is prolonging pregnancy duration and is increasing birth weight. Moreover it is reported that breastfed infants and infants fed n-3 supplemented formulas had a better cognitive behavior and visual acuity.
QTc and autonomic neuropathy in diabetes: Effects of acute hyperglycaemia and n-3 PUFA; Background and aims: Autonomic function is also regulated by glycaemia and exerts a crucial role in the control of blood pressure and cardiac function. The disruption of this physiological mechanism impacts deeply on cardiovascular mortality in diabetes. We investigated the influence of autonomic dysfunction on QTc interval and on sympatho-vagal balance (LF/HF), in response to acute hyperglycaemia and to membrane electrical stabilization (n-3 PUFA).
Omega-3 fatty acid epoxides produced by PAF-AH2 in mast cells regulate pulmonary vascular remodeling; Pulmonary hypertension is a fatal rare disease that causes right heart failure by elevated pulmonary arterial resistance. There is an unmet medical need for the development of therapeutics focusing on the pulmonary vascular remodeling. Bioactive lipids produced by perivascular inflammatory cells might modulate the vascular remodeling. Here, we show that omega-3 fatty acid-derived epoxides (omega-3 epoxides) released from mast cells by PAF-AH2, an oxidized phospholipid-selective phospholipase A2, negatively regulate pulmonary hypertension. Genetic deletion of Pafah2 in mice accelerate vascular remodeling, resulting in exacerbation of hypoxic pulmonary hypertension. Treatment with omega-3 epoxides suppresses the lung fibroblast activation by inhibiting TGF-beta signaling. In vivo omega-3 epoxides supplementation attenuates the progression of pulmonary hypertension in several animal models. Furthermore, whole-exome sequencing for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension identifies two candidate pathogenic variants of Pafah2. Our findings support that the PAF-AH2-omega-3 epoxide production axis could be a promising therapeutic target for pulmonary hypertension.
Is low dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids associated with depression?; Objective: This study examined the association between the dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids and low mood, major depression, and suicide.
Transgenic expression of omega-3 PUFA synthesis genes improves zebrafish survival during <i>Vibrio vulnificus</i> infection; Background: Highly desaturated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are synthesized by desaturases and elongase. They exert hepatoprotective effects to prevent alcoholic fatty liver syndrome or cholestatic liver injury. However, it is unclear how n-3 PUFAs improve immune function in liver. Vibrio vulnificus, a gram-negative bacterial pathogen, causes high mortality of aquaculture fishes upon infection. Humans can become infected with V. vulnificus through open wounds or by eating raw seafood, and such infections may result in systemic septicemia. Moreover, patients with liver diseases are vulnerable to infection, and are more likely than healthy persons to present with liver inflammation following infection. This study quantified n-3 PUFAs and their anti-bacterial effects in Fadsd6 and Elvol5a transgenic zebrafish.
High-Dose Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Prevention: Finally Living Up to Their Potential?; Despite the widespread use of statins in the setting of high cardiovascular risk, many patients continue to experience clinical events. This highlights the need to identify additional therapeutic strategies for high-risk patients. Interest in the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids to prevent cardiovascular disease has been high for several decades. Despite promising results from before the statin era, many clinical trials have produced disappointing findings regarding products containing conventional doses of omega-3 fatty acids. More recent clinical trials using high doses of omega-3 fatty acids in targeted populations have suggested potential benefit when targeting the risk driven by atherogenic dyslipidemia. We review the clinical implications of completed and ongoing trials.
INTRACELLULAR FREE FATTY-ACID RELEASE AND LIPID-PEROXIDATION IN CULTURED HUMAN BREAST-CANCER CELLS IN RESPONSE TO GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID WITH IRON (GLA + FE); Intracellular free fatty acid (FFA) release and peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) were studied in cultured human breast cancer cells (ZR-75-1) exposed to gamma-linolenic acid with iron (GLA + Fe). This treatment results in cell death. Increased intracellular FFA were observed in association with both the accelerated peroxidation of PUFA and the killing effect. Vitamin E reduced all three effects. The FFA were methyl esterified and analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The identified FFAs were 16: 0, 18: 3, 20: 3 and 20: 4 (numbers of carbons and double bonds indicated). These results suggest an association of intracellular FFA release with the peroxidation of PUFA and the cancer cell-killing by GLA in the presence of iron.
Immunonutrients in critically ill patients: an analysis of the most recent literature; Modulation of inflammatory and immune response to critical illness has been the goal of much research in the last decade and a variety of drugs and nutrients (so called "immunonutrients") have been tested in experimental models with promising results. Though, in the clinical setting of intensive care, their efficacy have been inconsistently proven, most likely because the effects of each drug may vary in relation to the timing, the dose, the route of administration, the interaction with other nutrients, the severity of illness and many other factors. Though the early studies of the beginning of this century (2000-2009) have shown some clinical benefits, recent multicenter trials (2011-2015) have failed to prove a consistent benefit of immunonutrition in terms of mortality or other clinical endpoints. Reviewing the latest evidence-based documents on this subject (multicenter trials, systematic reviews, meta-analyses and international guidelines), there is no convincing evidence that immunonutrients may be beneficial in the critically ill. Considering that these substances invariably increase the costs of health care and may be unsafe or even harmful in some subgroups, particularly in septic patients, we conclude that routine administration of immune-nutrients (glutamine, arginine, omega-3 fatty acids, selenium, etc.) cannot be currently recommended in the critically ill.
Serotonin-induced endothelial cell proliferation is blocked by omega-3 fatty acids; Serotonin (5HT) released from aggregating platelets at sites of vascular injury is a known mitogen for vascular endothelial cells, Recent studies have indicated that regenerating endothelial cells at sites of vessel wall injury may play a role in the development of restenosis by synthesizing and releasing growth factors for vascular smooth muscle cells, proliferation of which may result in the development of neointima, Diets rich in fish oils (omega-3 fatty acids) are associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease including atherosclerosis and restenosis. This study examined the effect of the omega-3 and other fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on 5HT induced endothelial cell proliferation. Among the fatty acids examined only EPA and DHA could reverse the mitogenic effect of 5HT on vascular endothelial cells, whereas oleic acid or palmitic acid did not have any effect. When added together, EPA and DHA potentiate each other in reversing the mitogenic effect of 5HT. EPA and DHA also inhibited the 5HT-induced increase in the 5HT(2) receptor mRNA, without a change in the receptor density or affinity. This data suggests that one of the mechanisms by which omega-3 fatty acids may attenuate the development of atherosclerosis or restenosis is to inhibit the mitogen induced growth of vascular endothelial cells, which attenuates the release of growth factors for vascular smooth muscle cells.
FISH CONSUMPTION, OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS AND THE MEDITERRANEAN DIET; Many epidemiological, interventional and animal studies have concluded that consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids of marine origin may confer special benefits in reducing cardiovascular heart disease (CHD) mortality rates by different physiological mechanisms. The available epidemiological data, although limited, suggest that a dietetic recommendation on the consumption of one or two servings per week (200-300 g = 2-4 g eicosapentaenoic acid) of cold water marine fish could lead to a reduction of the CHD risk. Nevertheless, there are important methodological shortcomings and contradictory findings in most published investigations on the omega-3 fatty acids. In order to assess the role of fish consumption in the Mediterranean diet, we have compared data on average fish and fatty fish consumption trends in some Mediterranean (Spain, Yugoslavia and Italy) and northern European (Norway, Denmark) countries. Fish consumption is not positively correlated with ischaemic heart disease mortality. That suggests that dietary factors other than fish, such as the lower meat consumption associated to the higher fish intake, or other differences of lifestyle have perhaps intervened, helping to explain the healthy nature of the Mediterranean diet.
Supplementation with a blend of krill and salmon oil is associated with increased metabolic risk in overweight men; Background: Krill is an increasingly popular source of marine n-3 (omega-3) PUFA that is seen as a premium product. However, to our knowledge, the effect of krill-oil supplementation on insulin sensitivity in humans has not been reported.
Phytohormones regulate the non-redundant response of ω-3 fatty acid desaturases to low temperatures in <i>Chorispora bungeana</i>; To explore the contributions of omega-3 fatty acid desaturases (FADs) to cold stress response in a special cryophyte, Chorispora bungeana, two plastidial omega-3 desaturase genes (CbFAD7, CbFAD8) were cloned and verified in an Arabidopsis fad7fad8 mutant, before being compared with the microsomal omega-3 desaturase gene (CbFAD3). Though these genes were expressed in all tested tissues of C. bungeana, CbFAD7 and CbFAD8 have the highest expression in leaves, while CbFAD3 was mostly expressed in suspension-cultured cells. Low temperatures resulted in significant increases in trienoic fatty acids (TAs), corresponding to the cooperation of CbFAD3 and CbFAD8 in cultured cells, and the coordination of CbFAD7 and CbFAD8 in leaves. Furthermore, the cold induction of CbFAD8 in the two systems were increased with decreasing temperature and independently contributed to TAs accumulation at subfreezing temperature. A series of experiments revealed that jasmonie acid and brassinosteroids participated in the cold-responsive expression of omega-3 CbFAD genes in both C. bungeana cells and leaves, while the phytohormone regulation in leaves was complex with the participation of abscisic acid and gibberellin. These results point to the hormone-regulated non-redundant contributions of omega-3 CbFADs to maintain appropriate level of TAs under low temperatures, which help C. bungeana survive in cold environments.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid blood biomarkers increase linearly in men and women after tightly controlled intakes of 0.25, 0.5, and 1 g/d of EPA plus DHA; Blood levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been related to coronary heart disease risk. Understanding the response of EPA + DHA in blood to dietary intake of EPA + DHA would facilitate the use of blood measures as markers of adherence and enable the development of dietary recommendations. The objective of this study is examine the blood response to intakes of EPA + DHA <= 1 g/d with an intervention designed for dietary adherence. It was hypothesized this relationship would be linear and that intakes of EPA + DHA <1 g/d would result in blood levels below those associated with the highest level of protection for cardiovascular events. Background EPA + DHA intake of men and women (n = 20) was determined by food frequency questionnaire and adherence was monitored by weekly fingertip blood sampling for fatty acid determinations. Participants consumed nutraceuticals to achieve intakes of 0.25 g/d and 0.5 g/d EPA + DHA for successive four-week periods. A subgroup (n = 5) had intakes of 1.0 g/d EPA + DHA for an additional 4 weeks. Fatty acid composition of whole blood, erythrocytes, and plasma phospholipids were determined at each time point. Blood levels of EPA and DHA increased linearly in these pools. A comprehensive review of the literature was used to verify the blood-intake relationship. Blood levels of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reached blood levels associated with the highest levels of primary cardiac arrest reduction and sudden cardiac death risk only with intakes of 1.0 g/d of EPA + DHA. The blood biomarker response to intakes of EPA + DNA <= 1 g/d is linear in a small but highly adherent study sample and this information can assist in determining adherence in clinical studies and help identify dietary intake targets from associations between blood and disease. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The scientific basis of the SU.FOL.OM3 study: a secondary intervention trial of folate, B6 and B12 vitamins and/or omega3 falty acid supplements in the prevention of recurrent ischemic events; Cardiovascular diseases are the primary cause of mortality in France. Many epidemiological studies have shown that the total homocysteine concentration (tHcy) is a risk indicator for cardiovascular diseases. Furthermore, it has been shown that tHcy can be effectively lowered by supplementation with folic acid, vitamin B6 and B12. However, it is not yet known whether a reduction of tHcy by such a supplementation indeed leads to a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease. Another possible dietary factor that may lower the risk of cardiovascular disease is fish-oil, which is rich in omega-3 fatty acids. These fatty acids may lower platelet aggregation and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and may have antiarythmic effects. Some trials have investigated the effect of fish or fish-oil on cardiovascular mortality, but results are inconclusive. In the SUFOLOM3 study, we will therefore evaluate the effect of supplementation of nutritional doses of folic acid supplementation, in combination with vitamin B6 and B12, at nutritional doses and/or supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids on recurrent ischemic diseases in a factorial design. The SUFOLOM3 Study is a randomized double blind, placebo-controlled, secondary-prevention trial. Two thousand five hundred two patients, aged between 45 and 80 years who had a past history of myocardial infarction, unstable angina pectoris or an ischemic stroke have been included. The subjects are supplemented and followed-up for a period of five years. Analysis of results is planned for end of 2009.
Seafood Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: A Science Advisory From the American Heart Association; Since the 2002 American Heart Association scientific statement Fish Consumption, Fish Oil, Omega-3 Fatty Acids, and Cardiovascular Disease, evidence from observational and experimental studies and from randomized controlled trials continues to emerge to further substantiate the beneficial effects of seafood long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular disease. A recent American Heart Association science advisory addressed the specific effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on clinical cardiovascular events. This American Heart Association science advisory extends that review and offers further support to include n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from seafood consumption. Several potential mechanisms have been investigated, including antiarrhythmic, anti-inflammatory, hematologic, and endothelial, although for most, longer-term dietary trials of seafood are warranted to substantiate the benefit of seafood as a replacement for other important sources of macronutrients. The present science advisory reviews this evidence and makes a suggestion in the context of the 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans and in consideration of other constituents of seafood and the impact on sustainability. We conclude that 1 to 2 seafood meals per week be included to reduce the risk of congestive heart failure, coronary heart disease, ischemic stroke, and sudden cardiac death, especially when seafood replaces the intake of less healthy foods.
INFLUENCE OF FISH OIL ON BLOOD-LIPIDS IN CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; The low incidence of coronary artery disease in Greenland Eskimos may be due to their intake of seafood with a high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids which may have a hypolipidaemic effect. Results of previous studies have been controversial, depending on the dosage of fish oil and the phenotypic cause of the hyperlipoproteinaemia. In this placebo-controlled, double-blind, cross-over study, patients (n = 32) with coronary artery disease and dyslipidaemia received firstly 2.4 g eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Thereafter in the open study the same study group received 3.6 g EPA/DHA. Fish oil had no significant effect on serum cholesterol or high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Low doses of fish oil (2.4 g EPA/DHA) reduced serum triglyceride level significantly (P < 0.05) and more significantly (P < 0.01) with 3.6 g EPA/DHA. The results indicated that the therapeutic effect of n-3 fatty acids as hypolipidaemic agents is greatest in patients with severe hypertriglyceridaemia (< 3.00 mmol/l).
Current evidence on ω-3 fatty acids in enteral nutrition in the critically ill: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Fish oil exerts anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties that may be beneficial for critically ill patients, thus multiple randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses have been performed. However, controversy remains as to whether fish oil-enriched enteral nutrition can improve clinical outcomes in adult critically ill patients in intensive care units (ICUs). The aim of this study was to provide an up-to-date systematic review and meta-analysis of all randomized controlled trials of fish oil-containing enteral nutrition addressing relevant clinical outcomes in critically ill patients.
The impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid-based dietary supplements on disease biomarkers in a metabolic syndrome/diabetes population; Background: Ingestion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been proposed to influence several chronic diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD) and type-2 diabetes (T2D). There is strong evidence that omega-3 (n-3) PUFAs provide protection against CHD and biomarkers of atherosclerosis. In contrast, there is more limited and inconsistent data for T2D. Few studies have examined the impact of n-3 PUFA-containing botanical oils on T2D.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ameliorates testicular ischemia-reperfusion injury through the induction of Nrf2 and inhibition of NF-κB in rats; Objective: This study was designed to investigate the protective effect of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on testicular ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury in rats.
Systematic review of mar ine-der ived omega-3 fatty acid supplementation effects on leptin, adiponectin, and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio; Increasing evidence suggests that adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, produced and secreted by adipocytes, are involved in regulating systemic inflammation and may be important targets for interventions to reduce the chronic systemic inflammation linked to some conditions common in aging (e.g., atherosclerosis). Lower leptin levels and higher adiponectin levels in peripheral circulation have been associated with less systemic inflammation. While some studies have shown that marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and/or docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) have effects on leptin and adiponectin in the context of inflammation, the extent of their effects remain unclear. The purpose of this systematic review was to summarize findings from randomized, controlled trials that measured effects of EPA + DHA supplementation on circulating levels of leptin and adiponectin to determine the state of the science. PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Trials were searched up to June 2018 for studies meeting inclusion criteria. Thirty-one studies included in this review were conducted in 16 countries. Eighteen studies reported lower leptin and/or higher adiponectin levels with EPA + DHA supplementation versus placebo at study end point (9 reported statistically significant differences), but doses, supplementation duration, and population characteristics varied across studies. In 9 studies reporting significantly lower leptin and/or higher adiponectin levels the EPA + DHA dose was 0.52 to 4.2 g/day for 4 to 24 weeks. Additional studies are warranted which assess dose parameters and patient populations similar to studies reporting significant effects of EPA + DHA on leptin or adiponectin in order to evaluate the extent of reproducibility before recommending EPA + DHA as a therapy to target these adipokines. (c) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ )
Isoenergetic diets differing in their <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid and polyphenol content reflect different plasma and HDL-fraction lipidomic profiles in subjects at high cardiovascular risk; Scope: Dysregulation of lipid homeostasis is related to multiple major healthcare problems. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of n-3 fatty acid (FA) and polyphenol rich diets on plasma and HDL fraction lipidomic profiles in subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults; A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut-enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty-one healthy white men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil-enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter-enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut-enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUPA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut-enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter-enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut-enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega-3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega-3 PUFA dietary fat. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Applicability of theREDUCE-ITtrial to theFAST-MIregistry. Are the results of randomized trials relevant in routine clinical practice?; Background The reduction of cardiovascular events with icosapent ethyl-intervention trial (REDUCE-IT) trial revealed robust atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk reduction with a strategy comprising high-dose omega-3 icosapent ethyl vs placebo in statin-treated patients with elevated triglycerides and controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). Hypothesis Are the results of the REDUCE-IT trial applicable to the French registry on acute ST-elevation and non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (FAST-MI) population? Methods Data were extracted from the FAST-MI 2010 and 2015 registries. We applied the REDUCE-IT enrolment criteria (triglycerides 150-500 mg/dL and LDL-C 40-100 mg/dL on statins) to the FAST-MI population in patients aged >= 45 years who had detailed lipid values postacute hospitalization, focusing on their clinical profile and cardiovascular prognosis. Results Of the 3789 FAST-MI patients with a full lipid profile (median 11.1 [IQR 7.6-17.4] months after hospitalization for myocardial infarction), 472 (12.5%; 95% CI 11.4-13.5) met the eligibility criteria for REDUCE-IT (REDUCE-IT-like group). The cardiovascular event rate (all-cause death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke) was 36.7 (95% CI 27.8-48.6) per 1000 person-years for the REDUCE-IT-like group, which compares with the 36.9 (95% CI 26.1-51.5) per 1000 person-years (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke) reported in the REDUCE-IT trial. The residual cardiovascular risk related to elevated triglycerides in the REDUCE-IT-like group was similar to the risk in the REDUCE-IT trial. Conclusions If the results of REDUCE-IT are applied to patients hospitalized for a myocardial infarction in France, 12.5% of these patients could benefit from a strategy of high-dose omega-3 icosapent ethyl on top of contemporary therapy including statins to improve their clinical outcomes.
Accumulation of fatty acids in purslane grown in hydroponic salt stress conditions; Purslane (Portulaca oleracea L.) is the eighth most common plant distributed throughout the world being a heat-and drought-tolerant plant. In this study, we evaluated the effect of salinity on total amounts of fatty acids (FAs) and omega 3/omega 6 ratio in leaves of purslane. Plants exposed to four levels of chloride salinity in the root zone (60, 90, 120 and 240 mM NaCl) for 40 days showed no signs of toxicity or death. The main FAs detected were C16:0 > C18:3 > C18:2. The ratio of omega 6 to omega 3 was not changed with salt stress. Hierarchic cluster analysis brought together 60 and 90 mM NaCl in control plants, based on their FA content. The results of this study confirm the purslane as a plant rich in FAs whose consumption may contribute to dietary intake of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, with obvious benefits to human health.
Prevention of cardiovascular diseases and highly concentrated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs); 30 years ago the observation of a lower incidence of cardiovascular diseases in Inuits (Eskimos) was related to the higher fish consumption when compared to the residual Danish population. Clinical studies confirmed this finding. It was explained by the higher content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish, especially of ornega-3 PUFAs. Experimental studies in cell cultures and also in animals with and without infarction models verified the anti-arrhythmic effect of ornega-3 PUFAs among other possible contributing factors when compared to other fatty acids. In clinical studies a significant reduction (ca. 40%) of sudden cardiac deaths (SCD) could be found in patients after an acute myocardial infarction, if they were treated with at least I g ornega-3 PUFAs daily, either by consumption of fish twice weekly or of a highly purified preparation ornega-3 PUFAs in capsules. These findings led to recommendations of the American Heart Association and the European Society of Cardiology to a higher fish consumption and/or the daily intake of I g ornega-3 PUFAs for primary and especially for secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. The much fewer side-effects, and the standardised dosage on one hand and the negative effect of the sometimes higher mercury content of fish make the intake of ornega-3 PUFAs as capsules the better choice.
Impact of Genotype on EPA and DHA Status and Responsiveness to Increased Intakes; At a population level, cardioprotective and cognitive actions of the fish oil (FO) derived long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been extensively demonstrated. In addition to dietary intake, which is limited for many individuals, EPA and DHA status is dependent on the efficiency of their biosynthesis from alpha-linolenic acid. Gender and common gene variants have been identified as influencing the rate-limiting desaturase and elongase enzymes. Response to a particular intake or status is also highly heterogeneous and likely influenced by genetic variants which impact on EPA and DHA metabolism and tissue partitioning, transcription factor activity, or physiological end-point regulation. Here, available literature relating genotype to tissue LC n-3 PUFA status and response to FO intervention is considered. It is concluded that the available evidence is relatively limited, with much of the variability unexplained, though APOE and FADS genotypes are emerging as being important. Although genotype x LC n-3 PUFA interactions have been described for a number of phenotypes, few have been confirmed in independent studies. A more comprehensive understanding of the genetic, physiological and behavioural modulators of EPA and DHA status and response to intervention is needed to allow refinement of current dietary LC n-3 PUFA recommendations and stratification of advice to "vulnerable" and responsive subgroups.
Consumption of Red Meat, but Not Cooking Oils High in Polyunsaturated Fat, Is Associated with Higher Arachidonic Acid Status in Singapore Chinese Adults; High arachidonic acid (AA; 20: 4n-6) status may have adverse effects on inflammation and risk of cardiovascular diseases. Concerns about high intake of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are based on the premise that endogenous conversion from linoleic acid (LA; 18: 2n-6) is an important source of AA, but few population-based studies have investigated dietary determinants of AA status. In this study, we examined habitual food consumption in relation to plasma concentrations of AA and other PUFAs in population-based studies. We used cross-sectional data from 269 healthy, ethnic Chinese participants (25-80 years old) with contrasting intakes of fish and red meat from the Singapore Prospective Study Program and 769 healthy participants (44-74 years old) from the Singapore Chinese Health Study as a validation set. Multivariable linear regression was used to examine PUFA intake (% energy) and food sources of PUFA (fish, red meat, poultry, soy and cooking oils) in relation to plasma PUFAs (AA, LA, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA; 20: 3n-6), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; 18: 3n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20: 5n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3)) concentrations. Higher intake of red meat was associated with higher plasma AA concentrations. High intake of PUFA or PUFA-rich oils was associated with higher plasma ALA but not with plasma AA. Higher intakes of soy were associated with higher ALA and fish with higher DHA and EPA concentrations. These associations were statistically significant (p < 0.05) in both studies. Red meat consumption, but not PUFA or PUFA-rich cooking oil, was associated with circulating AA suggesting that intake of pre-formed AA rather than LA is an important determinant of AA status. A diet high in fish, soy products and polyunsaturated cooking oil, and low in red meat may be associated with an optimal plasma profile of PUFA in this Chinese population.
Effects of a Fish-Based Diet on the Serum Adiponectin Concentration in Young, Non-Obese, Healthy Japanese Subjects; Aim: Adiponectin has insulin-sensitizing, anti-atherogenic, and anti-inflammatory properties, and researchers have recently reported that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) can increase the serum adiponectin concentration, suggesting that dietary factors, such as fish intake, may have an influence on the serum adiponectin concentration. In general, Japanese subjects consume twice as much fish as people in other countries. We hypothesized that incremental change in serum omega-3 PUFA levels by fish intake is an important regulator of serum adiponectin even in Japanese subjects. The aim of this study was to explore the relationship among fish consumption, serum omega-3 PUFA, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), levels, and serum adiponectin levels.
Effects of prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters on lipoprotein particle concentrations, apotipoproteins AI and CIII, and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> mass in statin-treated subjects with hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: Prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters (P-OM3) often are used for hypertriglyceridemic patients receiving statin therapy who have residual increases in atherogenic lipoprotein lipid levels. To date, limited information has been published regarding the effects of omega-3 fatty acid consumption on lipoprotein particle concentrations.
Association of two polymorphisms in the FADS1/FADS2 gene cluster and the risk of coronary artery disease and ischemic stroke; Little is known about the association of the FADS1/FADS2 SNPs and serum lipid levels and the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) and ischemic stroke (IS) in the Chinese southern population. The present study aimed to determine such association in the Chinese southern population. A total of 1,669 unrelated subjects (CAD, 534; IS, 553; and healthy controls, 582) were recruited in the study. Genotypes of the FADS1 rs174546 SNP and the FADS2 rs174601 SNP were determined by the SNaPshot Multiplex Kit. The T allele and TT genotype frequencies of the two SNPs were predominant in our study population. The T alleles were associated with increased risk of CAD and IS. Correspondingly, the C alleles were associated with reduced risk of CAD and IS. Haplotype analyses showed that the haplotype of T-T (rs174546-rs174601) was associated with an increased risk for IS, and the haplotype of C-C (rs174546-rs174601) was associated with a reduced risk for CAD and IS. The two SNPs were likely to influence serum lipid levels. The T allele carriers of the two SNPs and rs174601 TT genotype were associated with decreased serum HDL-C and ApoAI levels in the patient groups and with an increased risk of CAD and IS. The present study suggests that the FADS1 rs174546 SNP and the FADS2 rs174601 SNP are associated with the risk of CAD and IS, and are likely to influence serum lipid levels. However, further functional studies are needed to clarify how the two SNPs actually affect serum lipid levels and the risk of CAD and IS.
Association Between Nutrients Intake and Coronary Heart Disease Among Adults in Saudi Arabia: A Case-Control Study; Background and Objective: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a leading cause of mortality worldwide. Increasing evidence links CHD to the dietary intake among different populations. This paper aims to examine the association between nutrients intake and CHD in Saudi Arabia. Methods and Study Design: A case-control study was conducted in western Saudi Arabia. An interview-administered questionnaire was performed to collect data on socio-demographic characteristics and family histories of the disease. All participants completed three consecutive daily food records. Fasting blood samples were collected to measure glucose and total cholesterol. Body weight, height, and blood pressure measurements were also recorded. Results: A total of 85 patients were included in this study. Case participants had significantly higher intakes of monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids but lower intakes of total energy, saturated fatty acids, and trans fatty acids than did controls. In addition, case participants consumed significantly fewer carbohydrates and less calcium, sodium, and zinc than did controls. The excess intake of total energy, trans fatty acid, and sodium associated with an increased risk of CHD. Also, deficient intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, protein, zinc, vitamin A, vitamin C, and alpha-linolenic acid associated with an increased risk of CHD among participants. Conclusions: The current study's findings provide appropriate nutritional solutions to prevent and control the incidence of CHD in Saudi Arabia. Further studies with larger sample size are essential to confirm these findings.
Importance of EPA and DHA Blood Levels in Brain Structure and Function; Brain structure and function depend on a constant and sufficient supply with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) by blood. Blood levels of EPA and DHA reflect dietary intake and other variables and are preferably assessed as percentage in erythrocytes with a well-documented and standardized analytical method (HS-Omega-3 Index(R)). Every human being has an Omega-3 Index between 2 and 20%, with an optimum of 8-11%. Compared to an optimal Omega-3 Index, a lower Omega-3 Index was associated with increased risk for total mortality and ischemic stroke, reduced brain volume, impaired cognition, accelerated progression to dementia, psychiatric diseases, compromises of complex brain functions, and other brain issues in epidemiologic studies. Most intervention trials, and their meta-analyses considered EPA and DHA as drugs with good bioavailability, a design tending to produce meaningful results in populations characterized by low baseline blood levels (e.g., in major depression), but otherwise responsible for many neutral results and substantial confusion. When trial results were evaluated using blood levels of EPA and DHA measured, effects were larger than comparing EPA and DHA to placebo groups, and paralleled epidemiologic findings. This indicates future trial design, and suggests a targeted use EPA and DHA, based on the Omega-3 Index.
Antihyperlipidemic activity of concomitant administration of methanolic fraction of flax lignan concentrate and omega-3-fatty acid in poloxamer-407 induced experimental hyperlipidemia; Linum usitatissimum (Linn.), commonly known as flaxseed, which is a good source of dietary fiber and lignans. Secoisolaricirecinol diglucoside (SDG) from flaxseed and omega-3 fatty acids (n-3-FA) from algal source have been shown to have multiple health benefits including cardiovascular disorders and related disorders. The objective of present study was to prepare methanolic fraction of flax lignan concentrate (MF-FLC) and to investigate the antihyperlipidemic activity of MF-FLC and omega-3-fatty acid alone and in combination after acute administration in poloxamer-407 induced hyperlipidemic rats. Solvent-solvent extraction method revealed around 3 times increase in SDG lignan content than that of flax lignan concentrate. Acute hyperlipidemia was induced in rats using poloxamer 407 (1 ml of 30%, w/v; i.p.). Concomitant administration of MF-FLC (100 mg/kg) and n-3-FA (1 ml/kg) significantly reduced serum cholesterol (p < 0.001), triglyceride (p < 0.001) and very low density lipoprotein (p < 0.001) whereas high density lipoprotein showed significant increase (p < 0.05). It can be concluded that supplementation of MF-FLC and n-3-FA can be useful for prevention/control of hyperlipidemia. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The association of n-3 fatty acids with serum High Density Cholesterol (HDL) is modulated by sex but not by Inuit ancestry; Objective: To explore the association between dietary n-3 fatty acids and serum lipids in a population with a high intake of marine food. Specifically to test interaction with sex and ethnicity.
Omega-3 Carboxylic Acids (Epanova<SUP>®</SUP>): A Review of Its Use in Patients with Severe Hypertriglyceridemia; Omega-3 carboxylic acids (Epanova(A (R))) [OM3-CA] is the first free fatty acid form of long-chain marine omega-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid being the most abundant) to be approved by the US FDA as an adjunct to diet to lower triglyceride levels in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia (a parts per thousand yen500 mg/dL). Oral OM3-CA has greater bioavailability than ethyl ester forms of omega-3 and, unlike omega-3 acid ethyl esters, does not require co-ingestion of a high-fat meal, as it does not need pancreatic enzyme activity for absorption. In the 12-week EpanoVa fOr Lowering Very high triglyceridEs (EVOLVE) trial, OM3-CA 2 or 4 g/day significantly reduced serum triglyceride levels relative to placebo. Other lipid parameters, including non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), total cholesterol, and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C) levels, were also reduced significantly with OM3-CA relative to placebo. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were increased significantly with OM3-CA relative to placebo; however, these increases were not accompanied by increases in the circulating concentrations of non-HDL-C, VLDL-C, or apolipoprotein B. OM3-CA was generally well tolerated in this study, with most adverse events being of mild or moderate severity. Although additional comparative data are needed to position OM3-CA with respect to other formulations of omega-3 fatty acids, current evidence suggests that OM3-CA is a useful addition to the treatment options available for patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.
Health effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in common diseases; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as alpha-linolenic, eicosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic acids mostly exist in marine-derived foods, and have shown beneficial effects for hypertriglyceridemia, endothelial function, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Studies suggest that n-3 PUFAs can regulate the activity of NF-Kappa B, Nrf2, SREBP-1c, and PPAR alpha, which are linked to inflammations, ROS homeostasis, and lipid metabolism. Several epidemiological trials and physiological studies indicated protective effect of n-3 PUFAs against various common diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. This review summarises the findings of many such studies highlighting the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs. (c) All Rights Reserved
Supplementation of omega 3 fatty acids improves oxidative stress in activated BV2 microglial cell line; Many reports have shown promising beneficial effects of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (L-PUFAs) of the omega 3 series in several brain diseases. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that omega 3 fatty acids supplement reduced pro-inflammatory functions in vitro and in vivo. We demonstrated that a supplement rich in PUFAs (SRP) increased cell viability in a dose-dependent manner suggesting its protective role against lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced cell death in BV2 microglial cell line. In the same cultures, the supplement rich in PUFAs reduced the reactive oxygen species (ROS) and nitric oxide (NO) production. A most prominent target for ROS management is the family of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). The co-treatment with SRP and LPS increased significantly the nuclear immunoreactivity of PPAR-gamma when compared the LPS treatment alone. Moreover, the chronic administration of the SRP in rats, increased the immunoreactivity of the PPAR-gamma 1 protein confirming its potential neuroprotective effect.
Effects of Seal Oil and Tuna-Fish Oil on Platelet Parameters and Plasma Lipid Levels in Healthy Subjects; Fish are a rich source of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) with cardiovascular benefits. A related but less-investigated LC n-3 PUFA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), is more common in seal oil and pasture-fed red meats. This study compared indicators of platelet function and plasma lipids in healthy volunteers given supplements containing these different fatty acids (FA) for 14 days. Subjects, randomised into three groups of ten, consumed capsules of tuna oil (210 mg EPA, 30 mg DPA, 810 mg DHA), seal oil (340 mg EPA, 230 mg DPA, 450 mg DHA) or placebo (sunola) oil. Supplementary LC n-3 PUFA levels were approximately 1 g/day in both fish and seal oil groups. Baseline dietary FA and other nutrient intakes were similar in all groups. Both fish and seal oil elevated platelet DHA levels (P < 0.01). Seal oil also raised platelet DPA and EPA levels (P < 0.01), and decreased p-selectin (P = 0.01), a platelet activation marker negatively associated with DPA (P = 0.03) and EPA (P < 0.01) but not DHA. Plasma triacylglycerol decreased (P = 0.03) and HDL-cholesterol levels increased (P = 0.01) with seal oil only. Hence, seal oil may be more efficient than fish oil at promoting healthy plasma lipid profiles and lowering thrombotic risk, possibly due to its high DPA as well as EPA content.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid for Cardiovascular Events Reduction- Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) investigating the impact of omega-3-fatty acid supplementation on cardiovascular events have largely shown no benefit. However, there is debate about the benign nature of the placebo in these trials. We aimed to conduct a network meta-analysis of RCTs to compare the outcomes of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation to various placebo oils.
DIETARY SUPPLEMENTATION WITH OMEGA-3 POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN PATIENTS WITH STABLE CORONARY HEART-DISEASE - EFFECTS ON INDEXES OF PLATELET AND NEUTROPHIL FUNCTION AND EXERCISE PERFORMANCE; It has been suggested that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may alter the course of coronary artery disease by influencing platelet and neutrophil function, arachidonic acid metabolism, and circulating lipid concentrations. To examine this hypothesis, placebo or omega-3 PUFAs as Max-EPA (equivalent to 3.2 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and 2.2 g of docosahexaenoic acid daily) was administered to eight patients with stable coronary artery disease and positive exercise stress test results  in a randomized, double-blind, crossover fashion over a 12-week period. With Max-EPA administration, platelet aggregation threshold to epinephrine was increased in only two patients, but neutrophil aggregation and chemotaxic functions decreased consistently (both p .ltoreq. 0.01 compared with preceding placebo phase) in all eight. Serum and platelet-rich plasma thromboxane B2 concentrations decreased 40 percent and 28 percent, respectively (both p .ltoreq. 0.05). Neutrophil leukotriene B4 formation  decreased 23 percent (p .ltoreq. 0.01) and synthesis of leukotriene B5 became apparent in all subjects. Serum triglyceride concentrations fell 52 percent (p .ltoreq. 0.05) without significant change in total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, or low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations. Systolic blood pressure and the double product (heart rate .times. systolic blood pressure) were lower (p .ltoreq. 0.05) at the end of the Max-EPA phase than in the preceding placebo phase. Heart  rate systolic blood pressure, and the double product were also lower (p .ltoreq. 0.05) at three as well as at six minutes of an exercise stress test, indicating a significant reduction in myocardial oxygen demand. Despite these alterations in platelet and neutrophil function, arachidonic acid metabolism, serum triglyceride concentrations, and myocardial oxygen demand, there were no significant changes in subjective parameters of coronary artery disease during the Max-EPA phase (angina frequency  3.7 versus 2.8 episodes per week, nitroglycerin consumption 3.0 versus 1.9 tablets per week, both p = NS). Similarly, exercise times to ST-segment depression (6.5 versus 4.1 minutes) and to onset of angina (5.4 versus 5.0 minutes) were not altered by administration of Max-EPA. Thus, short-term dietary supplementation with omega-3 PUFAs to patients with stable coronary artery disease does not appear to alter subjective or objective parameters of myocardial ischemia.
A Retrospective Case Series of the Lipid Effects of Switching From Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters to Icosapent Ethyl in Hyperlipidemic Patients; Background: Western New York is among the regions with the highest rate of heart disease and stroke in the United States. Multifactorial causes include hypertriglyceridemia and dyslipidemia, and additional therapies may be needed to reduce residual risk that remains even after treatment with statins or other lipid-lowering medications. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of a switch from omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (OM3EE) to icosapent ethyl (IPE) on lipid profiles in patients with hyperlipidemia. Methods: This was a retrospective chart review of patient records extracted from multiple medical practices throughout Western New York (4 locations). Randomly selected patients (N = 15) were eligible if they were aged >= 18 years with diagnosis codes for high triglyceride (TG) levels or hyperlipidemia and were receiving OM3EE. They were switched from OM3EE to IPE, and lipid parameters were measured after >= 2 months. Results: The records of 15 patients were analyzed and lipid measurements were available for 14 patients; 10 were on statins and 4 were on ezetimibe. At >= 2 months after the switch to IPE, 13 patients experienced decreases in total cholesterol (TC) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) levels; 12 experienced a decrease in TG and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels; and changes in HDL-C levels were varied, with no change in 1 patient, decreases in 9 patients, and increases in 4 patients. Conclusion: The results of this real-world retrospective analysis of 14 patients with hyperlipidemia demonstrated reductions in TG, LDL-C, TC, and non-HDL-C levels, with mixed results in HDL-C levels, after switching from OM3EE to IPE.
Design and rationale of the WELCOME trial: A randomised, placebo controlled study to test the efficacy of purified long chain omega-3 fatty treatment in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a range of liver conditions from simple fatty liver to progressive end stage liver disease requiring liver transplantation. NAFLD is common in the population and in certain sub groups (e.g. type 2 diabetes) up to 70% of patients may be affected. NAFLD is not only a cause of end stage liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, but is also an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Consequently, effective treatments for NAFLD are urgently needed.
Conference on 'Dietary strategies for the management of cardiovascular risk' Dietary <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and CVD: a review of the evidence; Many clinical and epidemiological studies have shown that the polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA from fish and fish oils, provide cardiovascular protection, particularly in the setting of secondary prevention. n-3 Fatty acids beneficially influence a number of cardiometabolic risk factors including blood pressure, cardiac function, vascular reactivity and lipids, as well as having anti-platelet, anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative actions. They do not appear to adversely interact with other medications such as statins and other lipid-lowering drugs or antihypertensive medications. n-3 Fatty acids have gained widespread usage by general practitioners and clinicians in a number of clinical settings such as pregnancy and infant development, secondary prevention in CHD patients, treatment of dyslipidaemias and haemodialysis patients. Small doses are achievable with consumption of two to three oily fish meals per week or via purified encapsulated preparations now readily available. n-3 Fatty acids, particularly when consumed as fish, should be considered an important component of a healthy diet. The present paper reviews the effects of n-3 fatty acids on cardiometabolic risk factors, concentrating particularly on the evidence from randomised controlled studies in human subjects.
Effect of Increasing Doses of Linoleic and α-Linolenic Acids on High-Fructose and High-Fat Diet Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rats; Doses and ratio of linoleic acid (LA) and a-linolenic acid (ALA) preventing metabolic syndrome (MS) were investigated. SD rats were fed (i) basal diet, (ii) high -fructose and high-fat diet (HFFD), (iii) HFFD with increasing-dose LA (0.75 energy-% ALA + 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, and 30 energy-% LA), and (iv) HFFD with increasing-dose ALA (6 energy-% LA + 0.3, 0.5, 0.75, 1.5, 2.25, and 3.75 energy-% ALA) for 18 weeks. Results showed 6, 12, 15, and 30 energy-% LA significantly ameliorated central obesity, hyperlipidemia, glucose homeostasis, and leptin status; 0.5 and 0.75 energy-% ALA significantly improved insulin sensitivity, adiponectin, and anti-inflammatory status. Moreover, high intakes of ALA (1.5, 2.25, and 3.75 energy-%) presented a pro-oxidant activity. In conclusion, dose instead of ratio determines the prevention of MS. The optimal doses are 6 energy-% LA and 0.75 energy-% ALA; high intakes of ALA may have side effects.
INFLUENCE OF DIETARY FLAXSEED OIL ON THE PERFORMANCE, MUSCLE PROTEIN DEPOSITION, AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF BROILER CHICKS; Experiments were conducted to assess the effect of feeding flaxseed oil on the performance, muscle protein deposition, and fatty acid composition of broiler chicks. Four levels of dietary flaxseed oil were fed in combination with animal tallow to give a total of 6% added fat in the diets. The diets were isonitrogenous and isocaloric. Mortality, weight gain, feed consumption, and feed efficiency were not significantly different among treatments. Dietary treatments had no significant effects on the relative weights of the Extensor digitorum communis and Sartorius muscles nor on their protein or lipid contents. Feeding flaxseed oil resulted in increased accumulation of omega-3 fatty acids in skeletal muscle lipids. Increased amounts of desaturation and elongation products (C20:3, C20:5, C22:5, and C22:6) of alpha-linolenate (C18:3-omega-3) were observed in the Sartorius muscle lipids of chicks fed flaxseed oil. Amounts of these omega-3 fatty acids increased with duration of feeding. The amounts of omega-6 fatty acids (C20:2, C20:3, C20:4) were significantly depressed in muscle lipids after 21 days of feeding flaxseed oil. The effects of flaxseed oil on tissue amounts of individual saturated fatty acids were minimal, but amounts of monounsaturated fatty acids, especially C18:1, were depressed.
Acute Injection of Omega-3 Triglyceride Emulsion Provides Very Similar Protection as Hypothermia in a Neonatal Mouse Model of Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury; Therapeutic hypothermia (HT) is a currently accepted treatment for neonatal asphyxia and is a promising strategy in adult stroke therapy. We previously reported that acute administration of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) triglyceride emulsion (tri-DHA) protects against hypoxic-ischemic (HI) injury in neonatal mice. We questioned if co-treatment with HT and tri-DHA would achieve synergic effects in protecting the brain from HI injury. Neonatal mice (10-day old) subjected to HI injury were placed in temperature-controlled chambers for 4 h of either HT (rectal temperature 31-32 degrees C) or normothermia (NT, rectal temperature 37 degrees C). Mice were treated with tri-DHA (0.375 g tri-DHA/kg bw, two injections) before and 1 h after initiation of HT. We observed that HT, beginning immediately after HI injury, reduced brain infarct volume similarly to tri-DHA treatment (similar to 50%). Further, HT delayed 2 h post-HI injury provided neuroprotection (% infarct volume: 31.4 +/- 4.1 vs. 18.8 +/- 4.6 HT), while 4 h delayed HT did not protect against HI insult (% infarct volume: 30.7 +/- 5.0 vs. 31.3 +/- 5.6 HT). HT plus tri-DHA combination treatment beginning at 0 or 2 h after HI injury did not further reduce infarct volumes compared to HT alone. Our results indicate that HT offers similar degrees of neuroprotection against HI injury compared to tri-DHA treatment. HT can only be provided in tertiary care centers, requires intense monitoring and can have adverse effects. In contrast, tri-DHA treatment may be advantageous in providing a feasible and effective strategy in patients after HI injury.
Intake of omega-3 formulation EPA:DHA 6:1 by old rats for 2 weeks improved endothelium-dependent relaxations and normalized the expression level of ACE/AT1R/NADPH oxidase and the formation of ROS in the mesenteric artery; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to protect the cardiovascular system, in part, by stimulating the endothelial formation of nitric oxide (NO). EPA:DHA 6:1 has been identified as a potent omega 3 PUFA formulation to induce endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation and activation of endothelial NO synthase (eNOS). This study examined whether intake of EPA:DHA 6:1 (500 mg/kg/day) for 2 weeks improves an established endothelial dysfunction in old rats (20 months old), and, if so, the underlying mechanism was subsequently determined.
Dietary Fat Intake and Metabolic Syndrome in Older Adults; Background: Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) is associated with higher rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cancer worldwide. Objective: To assess fat intake in older adults with or without MetS. Design: Cross-sectional nutritional survey in older adults living in the Balearic Islands (n = 477, 48% women, 55-80 years old) with no previous CVD. Methods: Assessment of fat (total fat, MUFA, PUFA, SFA, TFA, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, marine and non-marine omega-3 FA, animal fat and vegetable fat, cholesterol) and macronutrient intake using a validated food frequency questionnaire, and its comparison with recommendations of the US Institute of Medicine (IOM) and the Spanish Society of Community Nutrition (SENC). Results: Participants with MetS showed higher BMI, lower physical activity, higher total fat and MUFA intake, and lower intake of energy, carbohydrates, and fiber than participants without MetS. Men and women with MetS were below the Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range (AMDR) proposed by IOM for carbohydrates and above the AMDR for total fat and MUFAs, and women were below the AMDR proposed for alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) compared with participants without MetS. Conclusions: Subjects with MetS were less likely to meet IOM and SENC recommendations for fat and macronutrient intakes as compared to non-MetS subjects.
Omega-3 fatty acids suppress <i>Fusobacterium nucleatum</i>-induced placental inflammation originating from maternal endothelial cells; Fusobacterium nucleatum is an oral anaerobe prevalent in intrauterine infection associated with a wide spectrum of adverse pregnancy outcomes. We demonstrate here that F. nucleatum triggers placental inflammation through maternal, rather than paternal, TLR4-mediated signaling. Elimination of TLR4 from maternal endothelial cells alleviated placental inflammation and reduced fetal and neonatal death, while elimination of TLR4 in the hematopoietic cells had no effect. The placental inflammatory response followed a spatiotemporal pattern, with NF-kappa B activation observed first in the maternal endothelial cells and then in the decidual cells surrounding the endothelium, followed by induction of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. Supplementation of pregnant mice with fish oil as a source of omega-3 fatty acids suppressed placental inflammation, reduced F. nucleatum proliferation in the placenta, and increased fetal and neonatal survival. In vitro analysis illustrates that omega-3 fatty acids inhibit bacterial-induced inflammatory responses from human umbilical cord endothelial cells. Our study therefore reveals a mechanism by which microbial infections affect pregnancy and identifies a prophylactic therapy to protect against intrauterine infections.
Dietary Fish Oil Concentrates Associated Health Benefits: A Recent Development of Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Fish oil is an abundant source of omega-3 (n-3 or omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and contains Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA). PUFAs are very effective in preventmg/mInbiting cardiovascular incidents, particularly in individuals with high cardiovascular risk/accidents. In this review, composition, extraction of fish oil and its favorable/beneficial effects in Cardiovascular Diseases (CVDs) and molecular mechanism for its treatment/reduction have been discussed. Moreover, the application of fish oil for preventive/pmtective and remedial/curative properties in nutritive and health benefits has been summarized. All these aspects further search the opportunities/hope and scope with its expected opening and anticipations/possibilities to provide additional therapeutic substitutes for the reduction of CVDs and registration of new drugs.
Total Dietary Fats, Fatty Acids, and Omega-3/Omega-6 Ratio as Risk Factors of Breast Cancer in the Polish Population - a Case-Control Study; Background/Aim: Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer among women around the world and the leading cause of cancer-related death among women. The knowledge about modifiable risk factors, such as diet, can be an acceptable, cheap and non-pharmacological prevention tool. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between dietary fat, dietary fatty acids, fish intake, and breast cancer in women. Patients and Methods: A case-control study was designed. A total of 201 consecutive, newly diagnosed, polish female cancer patients (mean age: 58 years) and 201 one-to-one age-matched controls were enrolled. A standardised questionnaire assessing various socio-demographic, clinical, lifestyle, and dietary characteristics was applied via face-to-face interviews. Detailed dietary intake information was assessed using a validated Food Frequency Questionnaire. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were obtained using multiple unconditional logistic regression models controlling for non-dietary and dietary potential confounders. Results: Consumption of polyunsaturated fats (PUFA) over 10% of total energy intake was associated with a significantly lower risk of breast cancer compared to low intake of PUFA (OR=0.4, 95%CI=0.19-0.85). Low (<0.2) omega-3/omega-6 ratio (OR=2.04, 95%CI=0.996-4.17), fish consumption less than once every six months (OR=3.37, 95%CI=1.57-7.23) and being overweight (OR=2 .07, 95%CI=1.3-3 .3) were associated with increased risk of breast cancer. Residents of rural areas had a significantly higher risk compared to women from urban areas (OR= 1 .8, 95%CI=1.06-3.03). Conclusion: High intake of PUFA can decrease the risk of breast cancer, while the low omega-3/omega-6 ratio increases the risk. In addition, overweight state, eliminating fish from the diet and living in rural areas can also increase the risk of breast cancer.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Heart Rate Variability at Rest and During Acute Stress in Adults With Moderate Hypertriglyceridemia; Objective: This study examined the dose-dependent effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation on heart rate variability (HRV) at rest and during standard laboratory stress tasks. We also investigated whether EPA + DHA supplementation was associated with changes in mood state. Methods: This placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized, three-period crossover trial (8-week treatment, 6-week washout) compared two doses of EPA + DHA supplementation (0.85 and 3.4 g/d) in 26 adults with elevated triglycerides. After each treatment period, HRV was assessed during an acute stress protocol that included a resting baseline, standard laboratory stress tasks (speech task and cold pressor), and recovery periods. In addition, mood state was assessed. Results: Root mean square of successive differences in interbeat interval and total power increased 9.9% and 20.6%, respectively, after the high dose relative to placebo (Tukey p=.016 and .012, respectively). The low dose was not significantly different from the high dose or placebo dose. There was a trend for a treatment effect on high-frequency HRV (p=.058), with 21.0% greater power observed after the high dose compared with placebo (Tukey p=.052). Mood did not differ between treatments, and there was no association between mood state and HRV. Conclusions: In healthy adults with elevated triglycerides, supplementation of 3.4 g/d EPA + DHA resulted in greater HRV, whereas 0.85 g/d EPA + DHA had no effect. These results indicate that EPA + DHA supplementation may improve autonomic tone in adults at increased risk for cardiovascular disease within 8 weeks.
PLASMA FATTY ACID PROFILE AS BIOMARKER OF CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE: A PILOT STUDY USING FOURTH GENERATION ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORKS; Many studies, focused on identifying new biomarkers for coronary artery disease (CAD) risk computation and monitoring, suggested a potential diagnostic role for fatty acids (FA). In the present study, we explored the potential diagnostic role of FA by using a data mining approach based on fourth generation artificial neural networks (ANN). Forty-one male subjects were enrolled. According to coronary . angiography, 31 displayed CAD and 10 did not (non-CAD, control group). FA analysis was performed on plasma samples using a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry system and analyses were performed by an ANN method. The variables most closely related to CAD were low levels of alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, eicosatetraenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. High levels of 1,1-dimethoxyhexadecane, total dimethyl acetals and docosatetraenoic acid were related to non-CAD condition. This subset of variables, which were most closely correlated to the target diagnosis, achieved a consistent predictive rate. The average accuracy obtained was 76.5%, with 93% of sensitivity and 60% of specificity. The area under the ROC curve was equal to 0.79. In conclusion, our study highlighted the association between different plasma FA species, CAD and non-CAD conditions. The specific subset of variables could be of interest as a new diagnostic tool for CAD management.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Serum Omega-3 and Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Exploratory Analysis of the Sex-Specific Effects and Dietary Modulation in Mediterranean Subjects with Metabolic Syndrome; Many early studies presented beneficial effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on cardiovascular risk factors and disease. However, results from recent meta-analyses indicate that this effect would be very low or nil. One of the factors that may contribute to the inconsistency of the results is that, in most studies, genetic factors have not been taken into consideration. It is known that fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene cluster in chromosome 11 is a very important determinant of plasma PUFA, and that the prevalence of the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) varies greatly between populations and may constitute a bias in meta-analyses. Previous genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have been carried out in other populations and none of them have investigated sex and Mediterranean dietary pattern interactions at the genome-wide level. Our aims were to undertake a GWAS to discover the genes most associated with serum PUFA concentrations (omega-3, omega-6, and some fatty acids) in a scarcely studied Mediterranean population with metabolic syndrome, and to explore sex and adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) interactions at the genome-wide level. Serum PUFA were determined by NMR spectroscopy. We found strong robust associations between various SNPs in the FADS cluster and omega-3 concentrations (top-ranked in the adjusted model: FADS1-rs174547, p = 3.34 x 10(-14); FADS1-rs174550, p = 5.35 x 10(-14); FADS2-rs1535, p = 5.85 x 10(-14); FADS1-rs174546, p = 6.72 x 10(-14); FADS2-rs174546, p = 9.75 x 10 14; FADS2-rs174576, p = 1.17 x 10(-13); FADS2-rs174577, p = 1.12 x 10(-12), among others). We also detected a genome-wide significant association with other genes in chromosome 11: MYRF (myelin regulatory factor)-rs174535, p = 1.49 x 10(-12); TMEM258 (transmembrane protein 258)-rs102275, p = 2.43 x 10(-12); FEN1 (flap structure-specific endonuclease 1)-rs174538, p = 1.96 x 10(-11)). Similar genome-wide statistically significant results were found for docosahexaenoic fatty acid (DHA). However, no such associations were detected for omega-6 PUFAs or linoleic acid (LA). For total PUFA, we observed a consistent gene*sex interaction with the DNTTIP2 (deoxynucleotidyl transferase terminal interacting protein 2)-rs3747965 p = 1.36 x 10(-8). For adherence to MedDiet, we obtained a relevant interaction with the ME1 (malic enzyme 1) gene (a gene strongly regulated by fat) in determining serum omega-3. The top-ranked SNP for this interaction was ME1-rs3798890 (p = 2.15 x 10(-7)). In the regional-wide association study, specifically focused on the FADS1/FASD2/FADS3 and ELOVL (fatty acid elongase) 2/ELOVL 5 regions, we detected several statistically significant associations at p < 0.05. In conclusion, our results confirm a robust role of the FADS cluster on serum PUFA in this population, but the associations vary depending on the PUFA. Moreover, the detection of some sex and diet interactions underlines the need for these associations/interactions to be studied in all specific populations so as to better understand the complex metabolism of PUFA.
Fish Oil for the Reduction of Atrial Fibrillation Recurrence, Inflammation, and Oxidative Stress; BACKGROUND Recent trials of fish oil for the prevention of atrial fibrillation (AF) recurrence have provided mixed results. Notable uncertainties in the existing evidence base include the roles of high-dose fish oil, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with paroxysmal or persistent AF not receiving conventional antiarrhythmic (AA) therapy.
Are all n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids created equal?; N-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to have potential beneficial effects for chronic diseases including cancer, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in particular have been studied extensively, whereas substantive evidence for a biological role for the precursor, alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA), is lacking. It is not enough to assume that ALA exerts effects through conversion to EPA and DHA, as the process is highly inefficient in humans. Thus, clarification of ALA's involvement in health and disease is essential, as it is the principle n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid consumed in the North American diet and intakes of EPA and DHA are typically very low. There is evidence suggesting that ALA, EPA and DHA have specific and potentially independent effects on chronic disease. Therefore, this review will assess our current understanding of the differential effects of ALA, EPA and DHA on cancer, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease. Potential mechanisms of action will also be reviewed. Overall, a better understanding of the individual role for ALA, EPA and DHA is needed in order to make appropriate dietary recommendations regarding n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption.
Total and Subtypes of Dietary Fat Intake and Its Association with Components of the Metabolic Syndrome in a Mediterranean Population at High Cardiovascular Risk; Background: The effect of dietary fat intake on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and in turn on cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains unclear in individuals at high CVD risk. Objective: To assess the association between fat intake and MetS components in an adult Mediterranean population at high CVD risk. Design: Baseline assessment of nutritional adequacy in participants (n = 6560, men and women, 55-75 years old, with overweight/obesity and MetS) in the PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED)-Plus randomized trial. Methods: Assessment of fat intake (total fat, monounsatured fatty acids: MUFA, polyunsaturated fatty acids: PUFA, saturated fatty acids: SFA, trans-fatty acids: trans-FA, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and omega-3 FA) using a validated food frequency questionnaire, and diet quality using 17-item Mediterranean dietary questionnaire and fat quality index (FQI). Results: Participants in the highest quintile of total dietary fat intake showed lower intake of energy, carbohydrates, protein and fiber, but higher intake of PUFA, MUFA, SFA, TFA, LA, ALA and omega-3 FA. Differences in MetS components were found according to fat intake. Odds (5th vs. 1st quintile): hyperglycemia: 1.3-1.6 times higher for total fat, MUFA, SFA and omega-3 FA intake; low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c): 1.2 higher for LA; hypertriglyceridemia: 0.7 lower for SFA and omega-3 FA intake. Conclusions: Dietary fats played different role on MetS components of high CVD risk patients. Dietary fat intake was associated with higher risk of hyperglycemia.
Higher intake of dietary n-3 PUFA and lower MUFA are associated with fewer menopausal symptoms; Objective: This study aimed to investigate the association between dietary fat quality and menopausal symptoms. Methods: We carried out a cross-sectional study with 393 Iranian postmenopausal women. Dietary intakes and menopausal symptoms were assessed, using a validated food frequency questionnaire and a menopausal rating scale (MRS) questionnaire, respectively. Participants were divided into low and high total MRS and its domain scores. Results: Women in the highest quartiles of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) had higher somatic symptoms compared with women in the lowest quartile (odds ratio [OR] 3.41; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.17-9.95). Women in the highest quartiles of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (OR 0.58; 95% CI 0.32-1.05), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (OR 0.66; 95% CI 0.37-1.20), and n-3:n-6 PUFA ratio (OR 0.49; 95% CI 0.25-0.97) had lower somatic symptoms compared to the lowest quartiles. The OR for psychological symptoms decreased from the lowest to the highest quartiles of n-3 PUFA (OR 0.47; 95% CI 0.20-1.11) and n-3:n-6 PUFA ratio (OR 0.46; 95% CI 0.24-0.86). Higher intakes of EPA (OR 0.53; 95% CI 0.29-0.99) and docosahexaenoic acid (OR 0.51; 95% CI 0.27-0.95) were found to be related with fewer urogenital symptoms. Conclusion: Consuming diets low in MUFA intake, but high in n-3 PUFA, and with a more favorable ratio of n-3:n-6 PUFA may be helpful for improving menopausal symptoms.
THE EFFECT OF OMEGA-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ON AMBULATORY BLOOD PRESSURE MONITORING PARAMETERS IN PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS AND CARDIOVASCULAR AUTONOMIC NEUROPATHY; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), which is characterized by lesion of nerve fibers in parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system is one of the leading causes of heart arrhythmias and an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality in patients with T2DM. Therefore, the problem of effective treatment of CAN is particularly relevant.
<i>Lactiplantibacillus plantarum</i> L47 and inulin alleviate enterotoxigenic <i>Escherichia coli</i> induced ileal inflammation in piglets by upregulating the levels of α-linolenic acid and 12,13-epoxyoctadecenoic acid; Alternatives to antibiotics for preventing bacteria-induced inflammation in early-weaned farm animals are sorely needed. Our previous study showed that Lactiplantibacillus plantarum L47 and inulin could alleviate dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced colitis in mice. To explore the protective effects of L. plantarum L47 and inulin on the ileal inflammatory response in weaned piglets challenged with enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC), 28 weaned piglets were assigned into four groups, namely, CON group-orally given 10 mL/d phosphate buffer saline (PBS), LI47 group-orally given a mixture of 10 mL/d L. plantarum L47 and inulin, ECON group-orally given 10 mL/d PBS and challenged by ETEC, and ELI47 group-orally given 10 mL/d L. plantarum L47 and inulin mixture and challenged by ETEC. The results demonstrated that the combination of L. plantarum L47 and inulin reduced inflammatory responses and relieved the inflammatory damage caused by ETEC, including ileal morphological damage, reduced protein expression of ileal tight junction, decreased antioxidant capacity, and decreased antiinflammatory factors. Transcriptome analysis revealed that L. plantarum L47 and inulin up-regulated the gene expression of phospholipase A2 group IIA (PLA2G2A) (P < 0.05) as well as affected alphalinolenic acid (ALA) metabolism and linoleic acid metabolism. Moreover, L. plantarum L47 and inulin increased the levels of ALA (P < 0.05), lipoteichoic acid (LTA) (P < 0.05), and 12,13-epoxyoctadecenoic acid (12,13-EpOME) (P < 0.05) and the protein expression of Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) (P = 0.05) in the ileal mucosa. In conclusion, L. plantarum L47 and inulin together alleviated ETEC-induced ileal inflammation in piglets by up-regulating the levels of ALA and 12,13-EpOME via the LTA/TLR2/PLA2G2A pathway. (c) 2023 The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Intravenous Treatment with a Long-Chain Omega-3 Lipid Emulsion Provides Neuroprotection in a Murine Model of Ischemic Stroke - A Pilot Study; Single long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (e.g. docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)) are known for their neuroprotective properties associated with ischemic stroke. This pilot study aimed to test the effectiveness of an acute treatment with a long-chain omega-3 lipid emulsion (Omegaven 10%(R), OGV) that contains fish oil (DHA 18 mg/ml; EPA 21 mg/ml) and a-tocopherol (0.2 mg/ml) in a transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) model of ischemic stroke in mice. For this purpose, female CD-1 mice were anesthetized and subjected to 90 minutes of MCAO. To reflect a clinically relevant situation for an acute treatment, either after induction of stroke or after reperfusion, a single dose of OGV was injected intravenously into the tail vein (5 ml/kg b.w.). A neurological severity score was used to assess motor function and neurological outcome. Stroke-related parameters were determined 24 hours after MCAO. Microdialysis was used to collect samples from extracellular space of the striatum. Mitochondrial function was determined in isolated mitochondria or dissociated brain cells. Inflammation markers were measured in brain homogenate. According to control experiments, neuroprotective effects could be attributed to the long-chain omega-3 content of the emulsion. Intravenous injection of OGV reduced size and severity of stroke, restored mitochondrial function, and prevented excitotoxic glutamate release. Increases of pro-inflammatory markers (COX-2 and IL-6) were attenuated. Neurological severity scoring and neurochemical data demonstrated that acute OGV treatment shortly after induction of stroke was most efficient and able to improve short-term neurological outcome, reflecting the importance of an acute treatment to improve the outcome. Summarising, acute treatment of stroke with a single intravenous dose of OGV provided strong neuroprotective effects and was most effective when given immediately after onset of ischemia. As OGV is an approved fishoil emulsion for parenteral nutrition in humans, our results may provide first translational data for a possible early management of ischemic stroke with administration of OGV to prevent further brain damage.
Benefits of Icosapent Ethyl Across the Range of Kidney Function in Patients With Established Cardiovascular Disease or Diabetes: REDUCE-IT RENAL; Background: Chronic kidney disease is associated with adverse outcomes among patients with established cardiovascular disease (CVD) or diabetes. Commonly used medications to treat CVD are less effective among patients with reduced kidney function.
Assessment of pharmacokinetic interaction between omega-3 carboxylic acids and the statins rosuvastatin and simvastatin: Results of 2 phase I studies in healthy volunteers; BACKGROUND: Omega-3 carboxylic acids (OM3-CA) can lower triglyceride levels. OM3-CA is often prescribed concomitantly with a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (statin).
A comparison of fish oil, flaxseed oil and hempseed oil supplementation on selected parameters of cardiovascular health in healthy volunteers; Objective: The impact of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of the n-6 and n-3 series on the cardiovascular system is well documented. To directly compare the effects of three dietary oils (fish, flaxseed and hempseed) given in concentrations expected to be self-administered in the general population on specific cardiovascular parameters in healthy volunteers.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, fish intake, and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Diet is a key component of a healthy lifestyle in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The role of long-chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (LCFAs) in the development of T2DM remains unresolved.
Injectable liposomal docosahexaenoic acid alleviates atherosclerosis progression and enhances plaque stability; Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory vascular disease that is characterized by the accumulation of lipids and immune cells in plaques built up inside artery walls. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3), an omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), which exerts anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, has long been pur-ported to be of therapeutic benefit to atherosclerosis patients. However, large clinical trials have yielded inconsistent data, likely due to variations in the formulation, dosage, and bioavailability of DHA following oral intake. To fully exploit its potential therapeutic effects, we have developed an injectable liposomal DHA formulation intended for intravenous administration as a plaque-targeted nanomedicine. The liposomal formu-lation protects DHA against chemical degradation and increases its local concentration within atherosclerotic lesions. Mechanistically, DHA liposomes are readily phagocytosed by activated macrophages, exert potent anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects, and inhibit foam cell formation. Upon intravenous administration, DHA liposomes accumulate preferentially in atherosclerotic lesional macrophages and promote polarization of macrophages towards an anti-inflammatory M2 phenotype, resulting in attenuation of atherosclerosis progres-sion in both ApoE-/-and Ldlr-/-experimental models. Plaque composition analysis demonstrates that lipo-somal DHA inhibits macrophage infiltration, reduces lipid deposition, and increases collagen content, thus improving the stability of atherosclerotic plaques against rupture. Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry imaging (MALDI-MSI) further reveals that DHA liposomes can partly restore the complex lipid profile of the plaques to that of early-stage plaques. In conclusion, DHA liposomes offer a promising approach for applying DHA to stabilize atherosclerotic plaques and attenuate atherosclerosis progression, thereby preventing atherosclerosis-related cardiovascular events.
Different gene expression profiles in normo- and dyslipidemic men after fish oil supplementation: results from a randomized controlled trial; Background: Epidemiological studies have suggested the benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on cardiovascular health, but only limited data are available describing n-3 PUFA regulated pathways in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of n-3 PUFA administration on whole genome expression profiles in the blood of normo- and dyslipidemic subjects.
Immediate effects of n-3 fatty acid infusion on the induction of sustained ventricular tachycardia; Increased consumption of n-3 fatty acids reduces mortality from sudden cardiac death, indicating that such acids have anti-arrhythmic effects. We did electrophysiological testing in ten patients with implanted cardioverter defibrillators who were at high risk of sudden cardiac death. To assess their immediate effects on the induction of sustained ventricular tachycardia, n-3 fatty acids were infused. Such tachycardia was not induced in five of seven patients. Our findings show that infusion of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids does not induce arrhythmia, but did result in a reduction of sustained ventricular tachycardia in some patients.
Biophysical interactions, docking studies and cytotoxic potential of a novel propofol-linolenate: a multi-technique approach; In the present study, we have analyzed the biophysical interactions of alpha-linolenic acid conjugate (2,6P-ALA) with human serum albumin (HSA) and calf thymus DNA (CT-DNA); and also determined its effect on human cancer cell lines. The results of interactions between 2,6P-ALA and HSA intrinsic fluorescence indicated static quenching of HSA by the target conjugate with overall Stern-Volmer quenching constant (K-sv) value of 1.8 x 10(3) M-1. At high concentrations, 2,6P-ALA caused conformational variations in HSA with evident increase in alpha-helices. Docking studies also revealed preferential binding of 2,6P-ALA at the hydrophobic cavity of site IB with suggestive involvement of hydrophobic forces. Likewise, the conjugate was also able to quench the fluorescence intensity of CT-DNA with static type of quenching signifying the probability of interaction between them. In case of competitive interaction with ethidium bromide (EB) bound CT-DNA also; the conjugate replaced the EB depicting intercalation to be the main type of binding force. Results of cytotoxic effect of 2,6P-ALA showed significant inhibition of cancer cells growth in a concentration-dependent manner. Conjugate was most potent on MCF-7 cells. Fluorescence microscopic image of MCF-7 cells at IC50 concentration of 24 mu M revealed distinct morphological changes that were characteristic of programed cell death. Overall, these results complement with the previous findings of 2,6P-ALA and provide added statistics about the prospect of their transport in blood plasma. Communicated by Ramaswamy H. Sarma
Relation of omega-3 fatty acid intake to other dietary factors known to reduce coronary heart disease risk; Data supporting the inverse correlation of fish or long-chain omega-3 fatty acid (FA) (eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid) supplement consumption and coronary heart disease are inconclusive and may be confounded by other dietary and lifestyle factors. Using the Diabetic Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) database (n = 1,441), correlations between consumption of omega-3 FAs and saturated FAs to dietary variables (kilocalories, macronutrients, sodium, and cholesterol) and to age, gender, exercise level, and tobacco use were tested using Pearson correlation coefficients. Long-chain omega-3 FA intake inversely correlated with consumption of calories (r = -0.16, p <0.0001), percent calories from total fat (r = -0.14, p <0.0001), and percent calories from saturated FAs (r = -0.21, p <0.0001) and directly with dietary fiber intake (grams per 1,000 kcal, r 0.20, p <0.0001). In the DCCT database, long-chain omega-3 FAs (i.e., fish consumption) inversely correlated with an overall low risk nutritional profile for coronary heart disease. In conclusion, these findings provide evidence that associations observed in studies suggesting a benefit of fish or long-chain omega-3 FAs may be due to a convergence of greater fish intakes with an overall healthier dietary pattern rather than with a specific effect of long-chain omega-3 FAs. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In vivo modeling of docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid-mediated inhibition of both platelet function and accumulation in arterial thrombi; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are associated with a variety of cellular alterations that mitigate cardiovascular disease. However, pinpointing the positive therapeutic effects is challenging due to inconsistent clinical trial results and overly simplistic in vitro studies. Here we aimed to develop realistic models of n-3 PUFA effects on platelet function so that preclinical results can better align with and predict clinical outcomes. Human platelets incubated with the n-3 PUFAs docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid were stimulated with agonist combinations mirroring distinct regions of a growing thrombus. Platelet responses were then monitored in a number of ex-vivo functional assays. Furthermore, intravital microscopy was used to monitor arterial thrombosis and fibrin deposition in mice fed an n-3 PUFA-enriched diet. We found that n-3 PUFA treatment had minimal effects on many basic ex-vivo measures of platelet function using agonist combinations. However, n-3 PUFA treatment delayed platelet-derived thrombin generation in both humans and mice. This impaired thrombin production paralleled a reduced platelet accumulation within thrombi formed in either small arterioles or larger arteries of mice fed an n-3 PUFA-enriched diet, without impacting P-selectin exposure. Despite an apparent lack of robust effects in many ex-vivo assays of platelet function, increased exposure to n-3 PUFAs reduces platelet-mediated thrombin generation and attenuates elements of thrombus formation. These data support the cardioprotective value of-3 PUFAs and strongly suggest that they modify elements of platelet function in vivo.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Rheumatic Diseases <i>A Critical Review</i>; Many clinical trials of omega-3 fatty acids, supplied as fish oil supplements, have been carried out in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), lupus nephritis, and osteoarthritis (OA) over the past 3 decades. This review attempts to summarize the highlights of these studies to evaluate the clinical efficacy for omega-3 fatty acids to be added alongside existing treatment regimens. A total of 20 clinical trials have been carried out in RA, of which 16 exhibited significant improvements in multiple disease clinical outcomes. Nine clinical trials have been completed in SLE and lupus nephritis, of which 6 exhibited significant improvements in 1 or more clinical outcomes. A total of 4 clinical trials have been conducted in OA, of which 3 exhibited significant improvements in at least 1 clinical parameter. Multiple mechanisms for the clinical effects of omega-3 fatty acids have been implicated, including the modulation of eicosanoid synthesis toward a more anti-inflammatory profile and suppressed production of proinflammatory cytokines. Overall, fish oil supplements appear to be a safe and effective agent that could be added to the current treatment regimens in RA. Longer-term trials with larger patient cohort sizes are warranted to establish any long-term benefits of fish oil supplements in SLE, lupus nephritis, and OA.
Omega-3 fatty acids differentially influences embryotoxicity in subtypes of preeclampsia; Background: Early (EOP) and late onset (LOP) preeclampsia are two subtypes of preeclampsia. This study examines the effect of maternal omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplementation in a rat model of preeclampsia. Method: Pregnant Wistar rats were assigned to control; EOP; LOP; EOP+omega-3 fatty acid supplementation+vitamin E and LOP+omega-3 fatty acid supplementation+vitamin E. L-Nitroarginine methylester was used to induce preeclampsia. Blood Pressure (BP) was recorded during pregnancy and dams were dissected at d14 and d20 of gestation. Results: Animals from EOP and LOP groups demonstrated higher systolic and diastolic BP, lower weight gain, lower conceptuses size, lower conceptuses weight and fetal weight as compared to control. EOP and LOP groups showed higher percentage of fetal resorptions and embryotoxicity (deformities and hematomas). Conclusion: Supplementation reduced the diastolic BP, percentage of resorptions and embryotoxicity only in the LOP group, suggesting a need for differential supplementation regime for the two subtypes of preeclampsia.
Associations of plasma omega-3 and omega-6 pufa levels with arterial elasticity: the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis; Background Literature examining the relationship of circulating omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids [n-3(omega-3) and n-6 (omega-6) PUFAs] and arterial elasticity in large cohort-based populations are lacking. We investigated the association of circulating omega-3and omega-6 PUFAs with large artery elasticity (LAE) and small artery elasticity (SAE) in participants from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA). Methods A total of 6124 participants (mean age 61.9; 52% female; 38% White, 27% Black, 22% Hispanic, and 13% Chinese-American) with plasma phospholipid PUFAs and arterial elasticity measured at baseline were included. LAE and SAE were derived from pulse contour analysis of the radial artery in all subjects in a supine position using tonometry. Linear regression models were used to determine associations for levels of (1) each circulating fatty acid, (2) total omega-3PUFAs, and (3) total omega-6 PUFAs with log-transformed LAE and SAE. Results Each standard deviation (SD) increment in circulating levels of total omega-3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were associated with a 0.017 ml/mmHg, 0.017 ml/mmHg, and 0.015 ml/mmHg higher LAE respectively (p values all <0.01). No significant trends were observed for omega-3 PUFAs levels with SAE.22 Similarly, no significant trends were observed for omega-6 PUFA levels with either LAE or SAE. Conclusions In a multi-ethnic cohort of individuals free of baseline cardiovascular disease, higher plasma levels of total and individual omega-3 PUFAs were associated with an increased LAE. Further understanding into differential associations of omega-6 PUFAs with LAE and SAE is needed.
Insulin Resistance Modifies the Effects of Omega-3 Acid Ethyl Esters on Left Ventricular Remodeling After Acute Myocardial Infarction (from the OMEGA-REMODEL Randomized Clinical Trial); Insulin resistance early after acute myocardial infarction is associated with increased heart failure and mortality. OMEGA -REMODEL was a prospective double-blind 1:1 randomized control trial of patients with AMI. We reported that 6-month treatment with omega-3 fatty acid (O-3FA) 4 g/day attenuated cardiac remodeling accompanied by reduction in inflammation. We hypothesized that insulin resistance modifies the therapeutic effect of O-3FA on post-MI cardiac remodeling. The OMEGA-REMODEL study group was dichotomized according to cohort- and gender-specific median cutoff value of leptin-to-adiponectin ratio (LAR) at baseline (LAR-Hi vs LAR-Lo). Mixed model regression analyses were used to evaluate effect modification of O-3FA on reduction of left ventricular end-systolic volume index (LVESVI) by LAR status. Baseline LAR was evaluated on 325 patients (59 11 years, 81% male). A total of 168 patients were categorized in LARLo, and 157 in LAR-Hi. O-3FA treatment resulted in significant LVESVI reduction in patients with LAR-Lo but not with LAR-Hi (p = 0.0002 vs 0.66, respectively). Mixed model regression analysis showed significant modification of LAR on O-3FA's treatment effect in attenuating LVESVI (p = 0.021). In conclusion, this post-hoc efficacy analysis suggests that LAR status significantly modified O-3FA's treatment effect in attenuating cardiac remodeling. During the convalescent phase of acute infarct healing, patients with lower insulin resistance estimated by LAR appear to derive more therapeutic response from O-3FA toward improvement of LVESVI. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
CYP-eicosanoids-A new link between omega-3 fatty acids and cardiac disease?; Fish oil omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) protect against arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death by largely unknown mechanisms. Recent in vitro and in vivo studies demonstrate that arachidonic acid (AA) metabolizing cytochrome P450-(CYP) enzymes accept EPA and DNA as efficient alternative substrates. Dietary EPA/DHA supplementation causes a profound shift of the cardiac CYP-eicosanoid profile from AA- to EPA- and DHA-derived epoxy- and hydroxymetabolites. CYP2J2 and other CYP epoxygenases preferentially epoxidize the omega-3 double bond of EPA and DHA. The corresponding metabolites, 17,18-epoxy-EPA and 19,20-epoxy-DHA, dominate the CYP-eicosanoid profile of the rat heart after EPA/DHA supplementation. The (omega-3)-epoxyeicosanoids show highly potent antiarrhythinic properties in neonatal cardiomyocytes, suggesting that these metabolites may specifically contribute to the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids. This hypothesis is discussed in the context of recent findings that revealed CYP-eicosanoid mediated mechanisms in cardiac ischemia-reperfusion injury and maladaptive cardiac hypertrophy. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mitochondrial apoptosis and curtailment of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α/fatty acid synthase: A dual edge perspective of gamma linolenic acid in ER plus mammary gland cancer; Gamma linolenic acid is a polyunsaturated fatty acid having selective anti-tumour properties with negligible systemic toxicity. In the present study, the anti-cancer potential of gamma linolenic acid and its effects on mitochondrial as well as hypoxia-associated marker was evaluated. The effect of gamma linolenic acid was scrutinised against ER + MCF-7 cells by using fluorescence microscopy, JC-1 staining, dot plot assay and cell cycle analysis. Thein vitroresults were also confirmed using carcinogen (n-methyl-n-nitrosourea) inducedin vivomodel. The early and late apoptotic signals in the conjugation with mitochondrial depolarisation were found once scrutinised through mitochondrial membrane potential and life death staining after gamma linolenic acid treatment. Gamma linolenic acid arrested the cell cycle in G0/G1 phase with the majority of cell populations in the early apoptotic stage. The translocation of phosphatidylserine was studied through annexin-V FITC dot plot assay. The markers of cellular proliferation (decreased alveolar bud count, histopathological architecture restoration and loss of tumour micro-vessels) were diminished after gamma linolenic acid treatment. Gamma linolenic acid ameliorates the biological effects of n-methyl-n-nitrosourea persuading the mitochondrial mediated death pathway and impeding the hypoxic microenvironment to make a halt in palmitic acid synthesis. Significance The present study elaborates the effect of gamma linolenic acid on mammary gland cancer by following mitochondrial-mediated death apoptosis pathway. Gamma linolenic acid also inhibits cell-wall synthesis by the curtailment of HIF-1 alpha and FASN level in mammary gland cancer.
Circulating Omega-3 and Omega-6 Fatty Acids, Cognitive Decline, and Dementia in Older Adults; Background: Comprising nearly 35% of brain lipids, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are essential for optimal brain function. However, the role of PUFA on cognitive health outcomes later in life is largely unknown.
Arachidonic Acid-metabolizing Cytochrome P450 Enzymes Are Targets of ω-3 Fatty Acids; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) protect against cardiovascular disease by largely unknown mechanisms. We tested the hypothesis that EPA and DHA may compete with arachidonic acid (AA) for the conversion by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, resulting in the formation of alternative, physiologically active, metabolites. Renal and hepatic microsomes, as well as various CYP isoforms, displayed equal or elevated activities when metabolizing EPA or DHA instead of AA. CYP2C/2J isoforms converting AA to epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) preferentially epoxidized the omega-3 double bond and thereby produced 17,18-epoxyeicosatetraenoic (17,18-EEQ) and 19,20-epoxydocosapentaenoic acid (19,20-EDP) from EPA and DHA. We found that these omega-3 epoxides are highly active as antiarrhythmic agents, suppressing the Ca2+-induced increased rate of spontaneous beating of neonatal rat cardiomyocytes, at low nanomolar concentrations. CYP4A/4F isoforms omega-hydroxylating AA were less regioselective toward EPA and DHA, catalyzing predominantly omega- and omega minus 1 hydroxylation. Rats given dietary EPA/DHA supplementation exhibited substantial replacement of AA by EPA and DHA in membrane phospholipids in plasma, heart, kidney, liver, lung, and pancreas, with less pronounced changes in the brain. The changes in fatty acids were accompanied by concomitant changes in endogenous CYP metabolite profiles (e. g. altering the EET/EEQ/EDP ratio from 87: 0: 13 to 27: 18: 55 in the heart). These results demonstrate that CYP enzymes efficiently convert EPA and DHA to novel epoxy and hydroxy metabolites that could mediate some of the beneficial cardiovascular effects of dietary omega-3 fatty acids.
Measurement of organochlorines in commercial over-the-counter fish oil preparations - Implications for dietary and therapeutic recommendations for omega-3 fatty acids and a review of the literature; Context.-The consumption of fish high in omega-3 fatty acids is advocated by the American Heart Association to decrease the risk of coronary artery disease. However, fish contain environmental toxins such as mercury, polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides, which may negate the beneficial cardiovascular effects of fish meals. Toxin levels vary depending on both the fish source and the specific toxin, and neither farm-raised nor wild fish are toxin free. Fish oil supplements also prevent the progression of coronary artery disease and reduce cardiovascular mortality. However, only sparse data exist on the level of toxins in fish oil. In a previous study we showed that the amount of mercury in 5 over-the-counter brands of fish oil was negligible.
Stress response pathways protect germ cells from omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid-mediated toxicity in <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i>; Polyunsaturated fatty acids serve both structural and functional roles as membrane components and precursors for a number of different factors involved in inflammation and signaling. These fatty acids are required in the human diet, although excess dietary intake of omega-6 fatty polyunsaturated fatty acids may have a negative influence on human health. In the model nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans, dietary exposure to dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), an omega-6 fatty acid, causes the destruction of germ cells and leads to sterility. In this study we used genetic and microscopic approaches to further characterize this phenomenon. We found that strains carrying mutations in genes involved in lipid homeostasis enhanced sterility phenotypes, while mutations reducing the activity of the conserved insulin/IGF signaling pathway suppressed sterility phenotypes. Exposure to a mild heat stress prior to omega-6 fatty acid treatment led to an adaptive or hormetic response, resulting in less sterility. Mutations in skn-1 and knockdown of genes encoding phase II detoxification enzymes led to increased sterility in the presence of dietary DGLA. Thus, detoxification systems and genetic changes that increase overall stress responses protect the germ cells from destruction. Microscopic analyses revealed that dietary DGLA leads to deterioration of germ cell membranes in the proliferative and transition zones of the developing germ line. Together, these data demonstrate that specific omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, or molecules derived from them, are transported to the germ line where they disrupt the rapidly expanding germ cell membranes, leading to germ cell death. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
LONG-TERM METABOLIC EFFECTS OF N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; The long-term metabolic effects of n-3 fatty acids were studied in patients with coronary artery disease. They were investigated before and 9 mo after bypass surgery. After postoperative randomization, 260 patients received 4 g fish-oil concentrate/d (approximate to 3.4 g eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids/d), whereas 251 patients comprised the control group. No group differences in the intake of energy and nutrients, apart from n-3 fatty acids, were discerned from dietary records. Compliance was affirmed by analyses of serum phospholipid fatty acids. Serum triglyceride concentrations were lowered by 19.1% in the fish-oil group, but no influence on the concentrations of cholesterol or apolipoproteins A-I and B-100 was seen. The concentrations of plasma glucose and serum insulin and C-peptide were not influenced by fish oil. The activity of liver enzymes increased slightly, but significantly, in the fish-oil group, whereas no group difference in the serum concentrations of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances was observed. Thus, no adverse metabolic effects of long-term fish-oil supplementation assumed to be of clinical importance were seen.
Iodine plus <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid supplementation augments rescue of postnatal neuronal abnormalities in iodine-deficient rat cerebellum; High prevalence of hypothyroxinaemia in iodine-deficient (ID) mothers has serious implications for mental health of the progeny. Independent supplementation of iodine and n-3 fatty acids (FA) markedly improves growth and cognitive performance of school children. Discerning effects of n-3 FA and iodine on the developing cerebellum have not been ascertained. The present study investigates effects of these two micronutrients separately as well as together in an ID rat model. We studied the effects of these micronutrients on progeny of ID dams by instituting the following supplementation diets: (1) low-iodine diet (LID), (2) LID+potassium iodide (KI), (3) LID+n-3 FA and (4) LID+KI+n-3 FA. Pups were investigated for morphological and biochemical parameters at the peak of cerebellar histogenesis on postnatal day (P) 16 and for neurobehavioural as well as motor coordination parameters at P40. Results indicate that n-3 FA alone, without improvement in circulating thyroid hormone (TH), significantly improves functional, morphological and biochemical indices of the developing cerebellum. Further, results show that co-supplementation with iodine and n-3 FA rescues not only the loss of neurotrophic support, but also salvages motor coordination, memory and learning. This additive effect results in significantly improving neurotrophic support and seems to be mediated by parallel significant increase in TH receptor (TR)alpha and normalisation of TR beta, retinoic orphan receptor alpha and p75 neurotrophin receptor, as well as noteworthy prevention of apoptotic cell death and strengthening of anti-oxidative defence. The overall results indicate important mitigating role that n-3 FA may play in enhancing TH nuclear receptor-mediated signalling in the developing cerebellum.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on lipoproteins in hypertriglyceridemia; Purpose of review
Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Possible Neuroprotective Mechanisms in the Model of Global Ischemia in Rats; Background. Omega-3 (omega 3) administration was shown to protect against hypoxic-ischemic injury. The objectives were to study the neuroprotective effects of omega 3, in a model of global ischemia. Methods. Male Wistar rats were subjected to carotid occlusion (30 min), followed by reperfusion. The groups were SO, untreated ischemic and ischemic treated rats with omega 3 (5 and 10 mg/kg, 7 days). The SO and untreated ischemic animals were orally treated with 1% cremophor and, 1 h after the last administration, they were behaviorally tested and euthanized for neurochemical (DA, DOPAC, and NE determinations), histological (Fluoro jade staining), and immunohistochemical (TNF-alpha, COX-2 and iNOS) evaluations. The data were analyzed by ANOVA and Newman-Keuls as the post hoc test. Results. Ischemia increased the locomotor activity and rearing behavior that were partly reversed by omega 3. Ischemia decreased striatal DA and DOPAC contents and increased NE contents, effects reversed by omega 3. This drug protected hippocampal neuron degeneration, as observed by Fluoro-Jade staining, and the increased immunostainings for TNF-alpha, COX-2, and iNOS were partly or totally blocked by omega 3. Conclusion. This study showed a neuroprotective effect of omega 3, in great part due to its anti-inflammatory properties, stimulating translational studies focusing on its use in clinic for stroke managing.
The effects of rosuvastatin alone or in combination with fenofibrate or omega 3 fatty acids on inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with mixed dyslipidemia; Objective: Mixed dyslipidemia, oxidative stress and inflammation are related to a high risk for cardiovascular events. The aim of this open-label randomized study was to compare the effects of high-dose rosuvastatin, low-dose rosuvastatin plus fenofibrate and low-dose rosuvastatin plus omega 3 fatty acids on inflammation and oxidative stress indices in patients with mixed dyslipidemia.
Platelet Redox Balance in Diabetic Patients With Hypertension Improved by n-3 Fatty Acids; OBJECTIVE-Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease, largely as a result of defective production of cardioprotective nitric oxide and a concomitant rise in oxidative stress. Dietary interventions that could reverse this trend would be extremely beneficial. Here we investigated whether dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) supplementation positively affected platelet nitroso-redox imbalance.
Development and internal validation of a non-invasive clinical tool to predict sufficient omega-3 levels in early pregnancy; BackgroundComplications from preterm birth (PTB) are the leading cause of death and disability in those under five years. Whilst the role of omega-3 (n-3) supplementation in reducing PTB is well-established, growing evidence suggests supplementation use in those replete may increase the risk of early PTB. Aim: To develop a non-invasive tool to identify individuals with total n-3 serum levels above 4.3% of total fatty acids in early pregnancy.MethodsWe conducted a prospective observational study recruiting 331 participants from three clinical sites in Newcastle, Australia. Eligible participants (n = 307) had a singleton pregnancy between 8 and 20 weeks' gestation at recruitment. Data on factors associated with n-3 serum levels were collected using an electronic questionnaire; these included estimated intake of n-3 (including food type, portion size, frequency of consumption), n-3 supplementation, and sociodemographic factors. The optimal cut-point of estimated n-3 intake that predicted mothers with total serum n-3 levels likely above 4.3% was developed using multivariate logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, socioeconomic status, and n-3 supplementation use. Total serum n-3 levels above 4.3% was selected as previous research has demonstrated that mothers with these levels are at increased risk of early PTB if they take additional n-3 supplementation during pregnancy. Models were evaluated using various performance metrics including sensitivity, specificity, area under receiver operator characteristic (AUROC) curve, true positive rate (TPR) at 10% false positive rate (FPR), Youden Index, Closest to (0,1) Criteria, Concordance Probability, and Index of Union. Internal validation was performed using 1000-bootstraps to generate 95% confidence intervals for performance metrics generated.ResultsOf 307 eligible participants included for analysis, 58.6% had total n-3 serum levels above 4.3%. The optimal model had a moderate discriminative ability (AUROC 0.744, 95% CI 0.742-0.746) with 84.7% sensitivity, 54.7% specificity and 37.6% TPR at 10% FPR.ConclusionsOur non-invasive tool was a moderate predictor of pregnant women with total serum n-3 levels above 4.3%; however, its performance is not yet adequate for clinical use.
Cardiac Arrhythmia Prevention in Ischemia and Reperfusion by Low-Dose Dietary Fish Oil Supplementation in Rats; Background: Supplementing animal diets with fish oil increases myocardial omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids [omega-3 (n-3) PUFA], lowers heart rate, and prevents malignant cardiac arrhythmias. In contrast to epidemiological reports, results of some human clinical trials and of unphysiologically high doses employed in animal studies call into question the application of dietary omega-3 PUFA for cardioprotection.
FISH, N-3 FATTY-ACIDS AND HUMAN COLORECTAL AND BREAST-CANCER MORTALITY; Although there is a strong positive association between total fat consumption and colorectal and breast cancer risk, there is evidence that n-3 fatty acids, mainly found in fish oil, are protective, If this is so, we would expect to be able to detect an inverse correlation between fish consumption and colorectal cancer and breast cancer mortality, Mortality data for breast and colorectal cancer in 24 European countries were correlated with current fish and fish oil consumption and with consumption 10 and 23 years previously, In males there was an inverse correlation between colorectal cancer mortality and current intake of fish (P = 0.036), a weaker correlation with fish consumption 10 years earlier (P = 0.042) and none with consumption 23 years earlier (P = 0.12), The data were not statistically significant in females, There was no correlation at all between breast cancer mortality and fish or fish oil consumption at any time, It is concluded that fish consumption is associated with protection against the later promotional stages of colorectal carcinogenesis, but not with the early initiation stages, The results are discussed in terms of the role of prostaglandins in colorectal carcinogenesis.
Ameliorative effects of omega-3 and omega-6 on spermatogenesis, testicular antioxidant status and in vivo fertility index in heat-stressed rats; The current study aimed to investigate the use of omega-6 (0)6) or omega-3 (0)3) in reducing heat-induced damage to the testicles. This is due to the known detrimental effects of heat and the potential protective properties of 0)6 and 0)3. In the study, 48 male rats were divided into eight groups, each containing 6 rats. Group I (control) received normal saline. Group 2 was exposed to high temperatures (43 degrees C for 20 min/day) and also received normal saline for 60 days. Groups 3-7 underwent identical HS conditions and received varying doses of 0)6 or 0)3 (0.5 mg/kg DHPG, 1 mg/kg DHPG, 5 mg/kg HT, 0.5 mg/kg DHPG + 5 mg/kg HT, and 1 mg/kg DHPG + 5 mg/kg HT), respectively. After 60 days, various tests were conducted on the testicular tissue, sperm quality, oxidative status, gene activity, and in vivo fertility indexes to evaluate the effects of the treatments. Treatment with 0)6 and 0)3 could reduce abnormal morphology and DNA damage while increasing total and progressive motility, characteristics motility, viability, and plasma membrane functional impairment compared with HSexposed groups. Antioxidant status levels in testicular tissue were improved after administration of 0)6 and 0)3. Furthermore, after receiving 0)6 and 0)3, there were significantly lower expression levels of P53 and Caspase-3 and significantly higher expression levels of Bcl-2 compared to the HS-exposed group. Furthermore, the results showed that administration of 0)6 and 0)3 to rats exposed to HS could increase their in vivo fertility indexes compared to the group not exposed to HS. According to our data, all doses of 0)6 and 0)3 (particularly doses of 0)61.25 and 0)3-300) can improve the testicular damage, testicular antioxidant defense mechanism, regulate germ cell apoptosis, and increase in vivo fertility indexes.
Competitive season effects on polyunsaturated fatty acid content in erythrocyte membranes of female football players; Background An optimal and correctly balanced metabolic status is essential to improve sports performance in athletes. Recent advances in omic tools, such as the lipid profile of the mature erythrocyte membranes (LPMEM), allow to have a comprehensive vision of the nutritional and metabolic status of these individuals to provide personalized recommendations for nutrients, specifically, the essential omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, individuating deficiencies/unbalances that can arise from both habitual diet and sportive activity. This work aimed to study the LPMEM in professional female football players during the football season for the first time and compare it with those defined as optimal values for the general population and a control group. Methods An observational study was carried out on female football players from the Athletic Club (Bilbao) playing in the first division of the Spanish league. Blood samples were collected at three points: at the beginning, mid-season, and end of the season for three consecutive seasons (2019-2020, 2020-2021, and 2021-2022), providing a total of 160 samples from 40 women. The LPMEM analysis was obtained by GC-FID by published method and correlated to other individual data, such as blood biochemical parameters, body composition, and age. Results We observed a significant increase in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (p 0.048) and total polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) (p 0.021) in the first season. In the second season, we observed a buildup in the membrane arachidonic acid (AA) (p < .001) and PUFA (p < .001) contents when high training accumulated. In comparison with the benchmark of average population values, 69% of the football players showed lower levels of omega-6 dihomo-& gamma;-linolenic acid (DGLA), whereas 88%, 44%, and 81% of the participants showed increased values of AA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and the ratio of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (SFA/MUFA), respectively. Regarding relationships between blood biochemical parameters, body composition, and age with LPMEM, we observed some mild negative correlations, such as AA and SFA/MUFA ratio with vitamin D levels (coefficient = -0.34 p = .0019 and coefficient = -.25 p = .042); DGLA with urea and cortisol (coefficient = -0.27 p < .006 and coefficient = .28 p < .0028) and AA with age (coefficient = -0.33 p < .001). Conclusion In conclusion, relevant variations in several fatty acids of the membrane fatty acid profile of elite female football players were observed during the competitive season and, in comparison with the general population, increased PUFA contents were confirmed, as reported in other sportive activities, together with the new aspect of DGLA diminution, an omega-6 involved in immune and anti-inflammatory responses. Our results highlight membrane lipidomics as a tool to ascertain the molecular profile of elite female football players with a potential application for future personalized nutritional strategies (diet and supplementation) to address unbalances created during the competitive season.
Cardiac autonomic changes associated with fish oil vs soy oil supplementation in the elderly; Introduction: Omega-3 fatty acid levels are associated with decreased risk for sudden death; however, the protective cardiovascular mechanisms of omega-3 are poorly understood. This study addresses the heart rate variability (HRV) changes in a cohort of elderly subjects randomized to receive either a daily high dose of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids (fish oil) or a lower daily dose of a plant-derived omega-3 fatty acid (alpha-linolenic acid) in soy oil.
Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial of Omega-3 Fatty Acids Versus Omega-6 Fatty Acids for the Control of Cancer-Related Fatigue Among Breast Cancer Survivors; Background: Cancer-related fatigue (CRF) is a common side effect of adjuvant therapy and becomes a chronic problem for approximately one-third of survivors. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3-PUFA) demonstrated preliminary antifatigue effects in previous research, but have not been investigated in fatigued cancer survivors.
Impact of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Memory Functions in Healthy Older Adults; As the process of Alzheimer's disease (AD) begins years before disease onset, searching for prevention strategies is of major medical and economic importance. Nutritional supplementation with long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (LC-n3-FA) may exert beneficial effects on brain structure and function. However, experimental evidence in older adults without clinical dementia is inconsistent, possibly due to low sensitivity of previously employed test batteries for detecting subtle improvements in cognition in healthy individuals. Here we used LOCATO, recently described as a robust and sensitive tool for assessing object-location memory (OLM) in older adults, to evaluate the impact of LC-n3-FA supplementation on learning and memory formation. In a double-blind placebo-controlled proof-of-concept study, 44 (20 female) cognitively healthy individuals aged 50-75 years received either LC-n3-FA (2,200 mg/day, n = 22) or placebo (n = 22) for 26 weeks. Before and after intervention, memory performance in the OLM-task (primary) was tested. As secondary outcome parameters, performance in Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (AVLT), dietary habits, omega-3-index, and other blood-derived parameters were assessed. Omega-3 index increased significantly in the LC-n3-FA group compared with the placebo group. Moreover, recall of object locations was significantly better after LC-n3-FA supplementation compared with placebo. Performance in the AVLT was not significantly affected by LC-n3-FA. This double-blind placebo-controlled proof-of-concept study provides further experimental evidence that LC-n3-FA exert positive effects on memory functions in healthy older adults. Our findings suggest novel strategies to maintain cognitive functions into old age.
Effects of Flaxseed Oil on Serum Lipids and Lipoproteins in Hemodialysis Patients A Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction. One of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease is lipid abnormalities among hemodialysis patients. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of flaxseed oil consumption on serum lipids and lipoproteins in hemodialysis patients.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation for drug-resistant epilepsy; Background
OMEGA-3 FATTY ACID SUPPLEMENT PREVENTS DEVELOPMENT OF INTRACRANIAL ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Objectives: Intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ICAS) is one of the most common causes of stroke worldwide and, in particular, has been implicated as a leading cause of recurrent ischemic stroke. We adapted a rat model of atherosclerosis to study brain intracranial atherosclerosis, and further investigated the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) in attenuating development of ICAS. Materials and methods: Adult male Sprague Dawley rats were divided into control normal-cholesterol or high-cholesterol diet groups with or without O3FA for up to 6 weeks. During the first 2 weeks, NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME, 3 mg/mL) was added to the drinking water of the high cholesterol groups. The rats received supplementation with O3FA (5 mg/kg/day) by gavages. Blood lipids including low density lipoprotein (LDL), cholesterol (CHO), triglycerides (TG) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) were measured at 3 and 6 weeks. The lumen of middle cerebral artery (MCA) and the thickness of the vessel wall were assessed. Inflammatory molecular markers were assessed by Western blot. Results: A high-cholesterol diet exhibited a significant increase in the classic blood markers (LDL, CHO, and TG) for atherosclerosis, as well as a decrease in HDL. These markers were found to be progressively more severe with time. Lumen stenosis and intimal thickening were increased in MCA. O3FA showed attenuation of blood lipids with an absence of morphological changes. O3FA significantly reduced the inflammatory marker CD68 in MCA and prevented monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP-1) and interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) expression in the brain. O3FA similarly decreased inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and interleukin 6 (IL-6), markers affiliated with monocyte activity in atherosclerosis. Furthermore, O3FA significantly inhibited the expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), a marker for endothelial activation. Lastly, O3FA increased ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) protein expression via silent information regulator 1 (SIRT1) activation, thus increasing cholesterol efflux from macrophages to HDL. Conclusions: Long-term O3FA dietary supplementation prevents the development of intracranial atherosclerosis. This O3FA effect appears to be mediated by its prevention of macrophage infiltration into the vessel wall, therefore reducing inflammation and intimal thickening. While similar effects in humans need to be determined, O3FA dietary supplement shows promising results in the prevention of ICAS. (C) 2016 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Modeled Substitution of Traditional Oils with High-Oleic Acid Oils Decreases Essential Fatty Acid Intake in Children; Background High-oleic acid (OA) vegetable oils are replacing some traditional vegetable oils in the US food supply. This may lead to reduced intake of the essential fatty acids (EFAs) linoleic acid (18:2n-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3) in children, who need EFAs for growth and development and reduced risk for cardiometabolic disease into adulthood. Objectives The objectives of this study were the following: 1) to estimate trends in daily intake of EFAs among children aged 1-8 y, 2) identify top food sources of EFAs, and 3) evaluate the effects of replacing traditional oils with high-OA oils on meeting daily recommended intakes of EFAs. Methods Dietary data from 7814 children aged 1-8 y were acquired from the NHANES (2007-2016). Using a diet model, we evaluated the effect of replacing 20%, 40%, 60%, and 80% of traditional oils with high-OA oils on meeting adequate intakes (AIs) for EFAs. Results Major food sources of EFAs among all age-sex groups were grain dishes (35-40% of daily intake), meat and seafood dishes (17-21%), and fruit and vegetable dishes (12-14%). Replacing 40% or more of traditional oils with high-OA oil varieties will lead to inadequate daily intakes of EFAs. Conclusion Replacement of traditional vegetable oils with high-OA varieties will place children at risk of not meeting the AI levels for EFAs. A balanced approach of including traditional oils and high-OA oils in the US food supply is needed to prevent inadequate intakes of EFAs in children.
Human requirement for n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; The diet of our ancestors was less dense in calories, being higher in fiber, rich in fruits, vegetables, lean meat, and fish. As a result, the diet was lower in total fat and saturated fat, but contained equal amounts of n-6 and n-3 essential fatty acids. Linoleic acid (LA) is the major n-6 fatty acid, and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is the major n-3 fatty acid. Ln the body, LA is metabolized to arachidonic acid (AA), and ALA is metabolized to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The ratio of n-6 to n-3 essential fatty acids was 1 to 2:1 with higher levels of the longer-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as EPA, DHA, and AA, than today's diet. Today this ratio is about 10 to 1:20 to 25 to 1, indicating that Western diets are deficient in n-3 fatty acids compared with the diet on which humans evolved and their genetic patterns were established. The n-3 and n-6 EPA are not interconvertible in the human body and are important components of practically all cell membranes. The N-6 and n-3 fatty acids influence eicosanoid metabolism, gene expression, and intercellular cell-to-cell communication. The PUFA composition of cell membranes is, to a great extent, dependent on dietary intake. Therefore, appropriate amounts of dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acids need to be considered in making dietary recommendations. These two classes of PUFA should be distinguished because they are metabolically and functionally distinct and have opposing physiological functions; their balance is important for homeostasis and normal development. Studies with nonhuman primates and human newborns indicate that DHA is essential for the normal functional development of the retina and brain, particularly in premature infants. A balanced n-6/n-3 ratio in the diet is essential for normal growth and development and should lead to decreases in cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases and improve mental health. Although a recommended dietary allowance for essential fatty acids does not exist, an adequate intake (AI) has been estimated for n-6 and n-3 essential fatty acids by an international scientific working group. For Western societies, it will be necessary to decrease the intake of n-6 fatty acids and increase the intake of n-3 fatty acids. The food industry is already taking steps to return n-3 essential fatty acids to the food supply by enriching various foods with n-3 fatty acids. To obtain the recommended Al, it will be necessary to consider the issues involved in enriching the food supply with n-3 PUFA in terms of dosage, safety, and sources of n-3 fatty acids.
Overproduction of intestinal lipoprotein containing apolipoprotein B-48 in <i>Psammomys obesus</i>:: impact of dietary <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; Emerging evidence underscores the important role of the small intestine in the pathogenesis of dyslipidaemia in insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. We therefore tested the hypothesis that n-3 fatty acids improve the various events governing intra-enterocyte lipid transport in Psammomys obesus gerbils, a model of nutritionally induced metabolic syndrome.
Fatigue reduction diet in breast cancer survivors: a pilot randomized clinical trial; Fatigue is a prevalent and burdensome effect of breast cancer. Fatigue has been linked to chronic inflammation, and diets high in antioxidant nutrients have been associated with lesser prevalence and severity of fatigue. Studies are needed, however, to test if antioxidant-rich diets could improve fatigue.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of atrial arrhythmias; Background. The effects of omega-3 fatty acids on membrane stabilization are well known. Reduction of ventricular arrhythmias and sudden death has been reported; fewer data exist regarding the effects on atrial arrhythmias. The object of this report is to evaluate the reduction of atrial arrhythmia-fibrillation after treatment with omega-3, in patients with dual-chamber pacemakers.
Nutrition, physical activity, and cardiovascular disease: An update; Many epidemiological studies have indicated a protective role for a diet rich in fruits and vegetables against the development and progression of cardiovascular disease (CVD), one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Physical inactivity and unhealthy eating contribute to these conditions. This article assesses the scientific rationale of benefits of physical activity and good nutrition on CVD, especially on atherosclerosis-related diseases. Compelling evidence has accumulated on the role of oxidative stress in endothelial dysfunction and in the pathogenesis of CVD. Reduced nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability due to oxidative stress seems to be the common molecular disorder comprising stable atherosclerotic narrowing lesions. Energy expenditure of about 1000 kcal (4200 kJ) per week (equivalent to walking 1 h 5 days a week) is associated with significant health benefits. Such benefits can be achieved through structured or nonstructured physical activity accumulated throughout the day (even through short 10-min bouts) on most days of the week. Some prospective studies showed a direct inverse association between fruit and vegetable intake and the development of CVD incidents such as acute plaque rupture causing unstable angina or myocardial infarction and stroke. Many nutrients and phytochemicals in fruits and vegetables, including fiber, potassium, and folate, could be independently or jointly responsible for the apparent reduction in CVD risk. Novel findings and critical appraisal regarding antioxidants, dietary fibers, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), nutraceuticals, vitamins, and minerals, are presented here in support of the current dietary habits together with physical exercise recommendations for prevention and treatment of CVD. (c) 2006 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Candidate foods in the Asia-Pacific region for cardiovascular protection: fish, fruit and vegetables; Cardiovascular disease is a major cause of morbidity and mortality. Epidemiological studies indicate fish eaters are less likely to die prematurely compared with non-fish eaters. The protective properties in fish are likely to be related to its concentration of omega 3 fatty acids, calcium, selenium, vitamin D, taurine and coenzyme Q(10). A high consumption of fruits and vegetables has been shown to protect against stroke and coronary heart disease. The presence of vitamins and minerals, as well as the complex array of non-nutrient compounds, found in fruits and vegetables would play an important role in this protection.
Anti-obesity effects of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; P>Animal studies suggest that increased consumption of the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, can protect against the development of obesity in animals exposed to an obesogenic diet and reduce body fat when already obese. There is also evidence that increased intakes of these fatty acids can reduce body fat in humans, but human studies are relatively few and have generally been conducted over short time periods with small sample sizes, making it difficult to draw definitive conclusions. Reported reductions in body fat may result from appetite-suppressing effects, adipocyte apoptosis and changes of gene expression in skeletal muscle, heart, liver, intestine and adipose tissues that suppress fat deposition and increase fat oxidation and energy expenditure. We conclude that increased intakes of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may improve body composition, but longer-term human studies are needed to confirm efficacy and determine whether increasing omega-3 intakes might be an effective strategy to combat obesity.
Marine Omega-3 Phospholipids: Metabolism and Biological Activities; The biological activities of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) have been under extensive study for several decades. However, not much attention has been paid to differences of dietary forms, such as triglycerides (TGs) versus ethyl esters or phospholipids (PLs). New innovative marine raw materials, like krill and fish by-products, present n-3 FAs mainly in the PL form. With their increasing availability, new evidence has emerged on n-3 PL biological activities and differences to n-3 TGs. In this review, we describe the recently discovered nutritional properties of n-3 PLs on different parameters of metabolic syndrome and highlight their different metabolic bioavailability in comparison to other dietary forms of n-3 FAs.
Associations between Serum Omega-3 Fatty Acid Levels and Cognitive Functions among Community-Dwelling Octogenarians in Okinawa, Japan: The KOCOA Study; Background: Epidemiological studies have found frequent consumption of fatty fish is protective against cognitive decline. However, the association between circulating omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels and cognitive functions among the oldest old is not well known.
Immunonutrition for Adults With ARDS: Results From a Cochrane Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; BACKGROUND: ARDS is an overwhelming systemic inflammatory process associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Several trials have evaluated the effects of pharmaconutrients, given as part of a feeding formula or as a nutritional supplement, on clinical outcomes in critical illness and ARDS. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of immunonutrition on mechanically ventilated adults with ARDS compared to the standard feeding formula. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, conference proceedings, and trial registries for appropriate studies up to April 2018. We performed statistical analysis according to Cochrane methodological standards. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence for each outcome. RESULTS: We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1,015 participants. All of the studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplemental omega-3 fatty acids (eg, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants. All of the studies reported mortality. For the primary outcome, there was no difference in all-cause mortality (for the longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids, gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants (risk ratio = 0.79, 95% CI 0.59-1.07; low-quality evidence). For the secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants improves ICU length of stay, ventilator days, and oxygenation or increases harm. CONCLUSIONS: This Cochrane meta-analysis of 10 studies of varying quality examined the effects of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants in adults with ARDS. This intervention may produce little or no difference in all-cause mortality between groups. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants improves ventilator days, ICU length of stay, or oxygenation due to the very low quality of evidence.
Diet and Inflammation; The emerging role of chronic inflammation in the major degenerative diseases of modern society has stimulated research into the influence of nutrition and dietary patterns on inflammatory indices. Most human studies have correlated analyses of habitual dietary intake as determined by a food frequency questionnaire or 24-hour recall with systemic markers of inflammation like high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha). An occasional study also includes nutrition analysis of blood components. There have been several controlled interventions which evaluated the effect of a change in dietary pattern or of single foods on inflammatory markers in defined populations. Most studies reveal a modest effect of dietary composition on some inflammatory markers in free-living adults, although different markers do not vary in unison. Significant dietary influences have been established for glycemic index (GI) and load (GL), fiber, fatty acid composition, magnesium, carotenoids, and flavonoids. A traditional Mediterranean dietary pattern, which typically has a high ratio of monounsaturated (MUFA) to saturated (SFA) fats and omega-3 to omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFAs) and supplies an abundance of fruits, vegetables, legumes, and grains, has shown anti-inflammatory effects when compared with typical North American and Northern European dietary patterns in most observational and interventional studies and may become the diet of choice for diminishing chronic inflammation in clinical practice. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2010;25:634-640)
SHORT-TERM EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON EXERCISE STRESS TEST PARAMETERS, ANGINA AND LIPOPROTEINS; The short-term effects of omega-3 fatty acids on exercise test parameters in patients with known coronary artery disease are poorly defined. Therefore, we administered a preparation containing 5.4 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and 3.6 g docosahexaenoic acid to 8 patients in a random order, double-blind, crossover design. The patients were given either fish oil or a vegetable oil control for 6 wk and then crossed over to the other treatmnet for a second 6-wk period, after a 2-wk wash-out interval. Exercise test parameters, angina frequency, and lipoprotein composition were measured at baseline and at the end of each trial phase. No significant chnges were found in resting or peak exercise heart rate of double product, exercise duration or ischemic electrocardiographic changes at peak exercise. Angina frequency and sublingual nitroglycerin usage did not change during either the fish oil or the control oil phase. Plasma triglyceride levels decreased significantly with fish oil treatment  and HDL cholesterol levels rose slightl. Total and LDL cholesterol levels were unchanged. We conclude that relatively high dose, short-term adminstration of omega-3 fatty acids does not alter exercise test parameters.
(n-3) Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Health: Are Effects of EPA and DHA Shared or Complementary?; Considerable research supports cardiovascular benefits of consuming omega-3 PUFA, also known as (n-3) PUFA, from fish or fish oil. Whether individual long-chain (n-3) PUPA have shared or complementary effects is not well established. We reviewed evidence for dietary and endogenous sources and cardiovascular effects on biologic pathways, physiologic risk factors, and clinical endpoints of EPA [20:5(n-3)], docosapentaenoic acid [DPA, 22:5(n-3)], and DHA [22:6(n-3)]. DHA requires direct dietary consumption, with little synthesis from or retroconversion to DPA or EPA. Whereas EPA is also largely derived from direct consumption, EPA can also be synthesized in small amounts from plant (n-3) precursors, especially stearidonic acid. In contrast, DPA appears principally derived from endogenous elongation from EPA, and DPA can also undergo retroconversion back to EPA. In experimental and animal models, both EPA and DHA modulate several relevant biologic pathways, with evidence for some differential benefits. In humans, both fatty acids lower TG levels and, based on more limited studies, favorably affect cardiac diastolic filling, arterial compliance, and some metrics of inflammation and oxidative stress. All three (n-3) PUFA reduce ex vivo platelet aggregation and DHA also modestly increases LDL and HDL particle size; the clinical relevance of such findings is uncertain. Combined EPA+DHA or DPA+DHA levels are associated with lower risk of fatal cardiac events and DHA with lower risk of atrial fibrillation, suggesting direct or indirect benefits of DHA for cardiac arrhythmias (although not excluding similar benefits of EPA or DPA). Conversely, EPA and DPA, but not DHA, are associated with lower risk of nonfatal cardiovascular endpoints in some studies, and purified EPA reduced risk of nonfatal coronary syndromes in one large clinical trial. Overall, for many cardiovascular pathways and outcomes, identified studies of individual (n-3) PUFA were relatively limited, especially for DPA. Nonetheless, the present evidence suggests that EPA and DHA have both shared and complementary benefits. Based on current evidence, increasing consumption of either would be advantageous compared to little or no consumption. Focusing on their combined consumption remains most prudent given the potential for complementary effects and the existing more robust literature on cardiovascular benefits of their combined consumption as fish or fish oil for cardiovascular benefits. J. Nutr. 142: 614S-625S, 2012.
SUPPLEMENTATION WITH FLAXSEED OIL VERSUS SUNFLOWER-SEED OIL IN HEALTHY-YOUNG MEN CONSUMING A LOW-FAT DIET - EFFECTS ON PLATELET COMPOSITION AND FUNCTION; Objective: To compare the effects of supplementing a low fat diet with an alpha-linolenic acid-rich (C18:3 n-3) oil with a linoleic acid-rich (C18:2 n-6) oil on platelet composition and function.
Effects of enriched seafood sticks (heat-inactivated <i>B</i>. <i>animalis</i> subsp. <i>lactis</i> CECT 8145, inulin, omega-3) on cardiometabolic risk factors and gut microbiota in abdominally obese subjects: randomized controlled trial; Purpose To assess the effects of enriched seafood sticks with postbiotic and bioactive compounds on CMD risk factors and the gut microbiota in abdominally obese individuals.
Antitumorigenic Properties of Omega-3 Endocannabinoid Epoxides; Accumulating studies have linked inflammation to tumor progression. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been shown to suppress tumor growth through their conversion to epoxide metabolites. Alternatively, DHA is converted enzymatically into docosahexaenoylethanolamide (DHEA), an endocannabinoid with antiproliferative activity. Recently, we reported a novel class of anti-inflammatory DHEA-epoxide derivative called epoxydocospentaenoic-ethanolamide (EDP-EA) that contain both ethanolamide and epoxide moieties. Herein, we study the antitumorigenic properties of EDP-EAs in an osteosarcoma (OS) model. First, we show similar to 80% increase in EDP-EAs in metastatic versus normal lungs of mice. We found significant differences in the apoptotic and antimigratory potencies of the different EDPEA regioisomers, which were partially mediated through cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1). Next, we synthesized derivatives of the most pro-apoptotic regioisomer. These derivatives had reduced hydrolytic susceptibility to fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and increased CB1-selective binding. Collectively, we report a novel class of EDP-EAs that exhibit antiangiogenic, antitumorigenic, and antimigratory properties in OS.
Data on gender and subgroup specific analyses of omega-3 fatty acids in the Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study; This paper contains additional data related to the research article "Omega-3 fatty acids and mortality in patients referred for coronary angiography- The Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health Study" (Kleber et al., in press) [1]. The data shows characteristics of the Ludwigshafen Risk and Cardiovascular Health (LURIC) study according to tertiles of omega-3 fatty acids as well as stratified by gender. The association of proportions of omega-3 fatty acids measured in erythrocyte membranes with different causes of death is investigated with a special focus on modeling the association of EPA with mortality in a nonlinear way. Further, the association of omega-3 fatty acids with all-cause morta-lity adjusted for high-sensitive C-reactive protein as a marker of systemic inflammation is examined as well as the association of EPA with cause-specific death. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Protective action of Omega-3 on paraquat intoxication in <i>Drosophila melanogaster</i>; Paraquat (PQ) (1,1'-dimethyl-4-4'-bipyridinium dichloride) is the second most widely used herbicide worldwide; however, in countries different sales and distribution remain restricted. Chronic exposure to PQ leads to several diseases related to oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunctions including myocardial failure, cancer, and neurodegeneration and subsequently death depending upon the dose level. The aim of this study was to examine if diet supplementation with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (EPA and DHA, omega-3 long-chain fatty acids) serves a protective mechanism against neuromuscular dysfunctions mediated by PQ using Drosophila melanogaster as a model with focus on mitochondrial metabolism. PQ ingestion (170 mg/kg b. w. for 3 d) resulted in a decreased life span and climbing ability in D. melanogaster. In the brain, PQ increased thioflavin fluorescence and reduced either 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole dihydrochloride (DAPI) nuclei staining and neuronal nuclei protein (NeuN) positive neurons, indicating amyloid formation and neurodegenetation, respectively. In the thorax, PQ ingestion lowered citrate synthase activity and respiratory functions indicating a reduction in mitochondrial content. PQ elevated Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) mRNA expression levels, indicative of high calcium influx from cytosol to mitochondrial matrix. In brain and thorax, PQ also increased hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) production and impaired acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activity. Concomitant EPA/DHA ingestion (0.31/0.19 mg/kg b. w.) protected D. melanogaster against PQ-induced toxicity preserving neuromuscular function and slowing down the rate of aging. In brain and thorax, these omega-3 fatty acids inhibited excess H2O2 production and restored AChE activity. EPA/DHA delayed amyloid deposition in the brain, and restored low citrate synthase activity and respiratory functions in the thorax. The effects in the thorax were attributed to stimulated mRNA expression level of genes involved either in mitochondrial dynamics or biogenesis promoted by EPA/DHA: dynamin-related protein (DRP1), mitochondrial assembly regulatory factor (MARF), mitochondrial dynamin like GTPase (OPA1), and peroxisome proliferator- activated receptor-gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC1 alpha). In conclusion, diet supplementation with EPA/DHA appears to protect D. melanogaster muscular and neuronal tissues against PQ intoxication.
Organic Production Enhances Milk Nutritional Quality by Shifting Fatty Acid Composition: A United States-Wide, 18-Month Study; Over the last century, intakes of omega-6 (omega-6) fatty acids in Western diets have dramatically increased, while omega-3 (omega-3) intakes have fallen. Resulting omega-6/omega-3 intake ratios have risen to nutritionally undesirable levels, generally 10 to 15, compared to a possible optimal ratio near 2.3. We report results of the first large-scale, nationwide study of fatty acids in U. S. organic and conventional milk. Averaged over 12 months, organic milk contained 25% less omega-6 fatty acids and 62% more omega-3 fatty acids than conventional milk, yielding a 2.5-fold higher omega-6/omega-3 ratio in conventional compared to organic milk (5.77 vs. 2.28). All individual omega-3 fatty acid concentrations were higher in organic milk-alpha-linolenic acid (by 60%), eicosapentaenoic acid (32%), and docosapentaenoic acid (19%)-as was the concentration of conjugated linoleic acid (18%). We report mostly moderate regional and seasonal variability in milk fatty acid profiles. Hypothetical diets of adult women were modeled to assess milk fatty-acid-driven differences in overall dietary omega-6/omega-3 ratios. Diets varied according to three choices: high instead of moderate dairy consumption; organic vs. conventional dairy products; and reduced vs. typical consumption of omega-6 fatty acids. The three choices together would decrease the omega-6/omega-3 ratio among adult women by similar to 80% of the total decrease needed to reach a target ratio of 2.3, with relative impact "switch to low omega-6 foods''. "switch to organic dairy products" approximate to "increase consumption of conventional dairy products." Based on recommended servings of dairy products and seafoods, dairy products supply far more a-linolenic acid than seafoods, about one-third as much eicosapentaenoic acid, and slightly more docosapentaenoic acid, but negligible docosahexaenoic acid. We conclude that consumers have viable options to reduce average omega-6/omega-3 intake ratios, thereby reducing or eliminating probable risk factors for a wide range of developmental and chronic health problems.
Red Blood Cell Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Mortality Following Breast Cancer; Background: Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may affect mortality following breast cancer; however, epidemiological studies have relied on the self-reported assessment of PUFA intake. Herein, we examined the associations between red blood cell (RBC) PUFAs and mortality. Methods: This nested case-control study included 1,104 women from the Women's Healthy Eating and Living study, a multistate randomized controlled trial. Cases (n = 290) comprised women who died from 1995 to 2006. Matched controls (n = 814) comprised women who were alive at the end of follow-up. PUFAs were measured in baseline RBC samples and included four omega-3 and seven omega-6 PUFAs. We examined each PUFA individually and principal components factor analysis (PCFA)-derived scores in association with all-cause mortality (ACM) and breast cancer-specific mortality (BCM) using conditional logistic regression to estimate ORs and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: In fully adjusted models, ACM ORs were elevated among women with PUFAs above the median (>median) versus at the median or below (<= median) for alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; OR = 1.63, 95% CI, 1.18-2.24) and linolenic acid (LA; OR = 1.56, 95% CI, 1.16-2.09). BCM ORs were elevated for ALA (OR = 1.83, 95% CI, 1.27-2.63), LA (OR = 1.70, 95% CI, 1.23-2.37), and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA; OR = 1.50, 95% CI, 1.04-2.16). PCFA Factor 1 (arachidonic acid-adrenic acid-docosapentaenoic acid) scores above the median (vs. <= median) were associated with lower odds of ACM (OR = 0.71, 95% CI, 0.52-0.97) and BCM (OR = 0.69, 95% CI, 0.49-0.97). PCFA Factor 4 (ALA/GLA) scores above the median (vs. <= median) were associated with increased odds of BCM (OR = 1.47, 95% CI, 1.04-2.09). Conclusions: RBC ALA, LA, and GLA may be prognostic indicators among breast cancer survivors. Impact: These results are important for understanding the associations between a biomarker of PUFA intake and mortality among BC survivors.
Dietary Omega-3 Deficiency from Gestation Increases Spinal Cord Vulnerability to Traumatic Brain Injury-Induced Damage; Although traumatic brain injury (TBI) is often associated with gait deficits, the effects of TBI on spinal cord centers are poorly understood. We seek to determine the influence of TBI on the spinal cord and the potential of dietary omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids to counteract these effects. Male rodents exposed to diets containing adequate or deficient levels of n-3 since gestation received a moderate fluid percussion injury when becoming 14 weeks old. TBI reduced levels of molecular systems important for synaptic plasticity (BDNF, TrkB, and CREB) and plasma membrane homeostasis (4-HNE, iPLA2, syntaxin-3) in the lumbar spinal cord. These effects of TBI were more dramatic in the animals exposed to the n-3 deficient diet. Results emphasize the comprehensive action of TBI across the neuroaxis, and the critical role of dietary n-3 as a means to build resistance against the effects of TBI.
Serum n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of death: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Background: The cardioprotective properties of linoleic acid (LA), a major n-6 (omega-6) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), have been recognized, but less is known about its associations with other causes of death. Relatively little is also known about how the minor n-6 PUFAs-gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA)-relate to mortality risk.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids improve host response in chronic <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> lung infection in mice; Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a gram- negative bacilli frequently encountered in human pathology. This pathogen is involved in a large number of nosocomial infections and chronic diseases. Herein we investigated the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFA) in chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infection. C57BL/6 mice were fed for 5 wk with specifically designed diets with high contents in either omega-3 (omega-3) or omega-6 PUFA and compared to a control diet. P. aeruginosa included in agarose beads was then instilled intratracheally, and the animals were studied for 7 days. On the 4th day, the mice fed with the omega-3 diet had a higher lean body mass gain and a lower omega-6: omega-3 ratio of fatty acids extracted from the lung tissue compared with the other groups ( P < 0.05). The omega-3 group had the lowest mortality. Distal alveolar fluid clearance ( DAFC) as well as the inflammatory response and the cellular recruitment were higher in the omega-3 group on the 4th day. The effect on DAFC was independent of omega-epithelial Na+ channels (alpha-ENaC), beta-ENaC, and alpha 1-Na-K-ATPase mRNA expressions, which were not altered by the different diets. In conclusion, a diet enriched in omega-3 PUFA can change lung membrane composition and improve survival in chronic pneumonia. This effect on survival is probably multifactorial involving the increased DAFC capacity as well as the optimization of the initial inflammatory response. This work suggests that a better control of the omega-6/omega-3 PUFA balance may represent an interesting target in the prevention and/ or control of P. aeruginosa infection in patients.
Retrospective Case Series of Patients with Diabetes or Prediabetes Who Were Switched from Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters to Icosapent Ethyl; Introduction: Patients with diabetes and prediabetes are at increased risk of dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease. To reduce this risk, statins and additional therapies may be considered. Omega-3 fatty acids offer an option to reduce triglycerides (TG) and potentially improve other lipid parameters, although products that contain docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) while eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) does not. Prescription formulations include omega-3-acid mixtures (combination of predominantly EPA and DHA), and icosapent ethyl (high-purity prescription form of EPA ethyl ester); prescription omega-3 products are indicated as an adjunct to diet to reduce TGs in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia at a dose of 4 g/day.
Systematic review of preoperative n-3 fatty acids in major gastrointestinal surgery; Objectives Perioperative nutrition aims to replenish nutritional stores before surgery and reduce postoperative complications. 'Immunonutrition' (including omega-3 fatty acids) may modulate the immune system and attenuate the postoperative inflammatory response. Hitherto, immunonutrition has overwhelmingly been administered in the postoperative period-however, this may be too late to provide benefit.
The effects of consuming docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-enriched eggs on serum lipids and fatty acid compositions in statin-treated hypercholesterolemic male patients; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of consuming a novel docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-enriched shell egg on the serum lipid levels and omega - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PUFA) of serum phospholipid in statin-treated hypercholesterol-emic patients. Fifteen subjects were randomly divided into two treatment groups and consumed either two control or two novel DHA-enriched eggs during two organized breakfast periods of 21 consecutive days each using a double-blinded, cross-over design. The novel enriched eggs from feeding the specialty ration provided 217 mg of DHA and 629 mg of total n - 3 PUFA per day. Total serum cholesterol levels were unchanged with either egg consumption and no significant alterations in lipid levels were found due to a treatment effect. The novel egg group exhibited a significant rise in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus DHA levels in serum phospholipid (by 23%) which can be related to a reduced risk for fatal ischemic heart disease. Consumption of this novel egg offers an alternative food option for more than doubling current sub-optimal DHA intakes in North America. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
ω-3 fatty acid treatment in cardiac syndrome X: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical study; Objective We conducted a clinical trial to examine the effect of omega-3 fatty acids in patients with cardiac syndrome X (CSX). We aimed to evaluate the potential impact of omega-3 fatty acids on endothelial function, oxidative stress, and symptom relief in the CSX.
Lung VITAL: Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics of an ancillary study evaluating the effects of vitamin D and/or marine omega-3 fatty acid supplements on acute exacerbations of chronic respiratory disease, asthma control, pneumonia and lung function in adults; Laboratory and observational research studies suggest that vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acids may reduce risk for pneumonia, acute exacerbations of respiratory diseases including chronic obstructive lung disease (COPD) or asthma, and decline of lung function, but prevention trials with adequate dosing, adequate power, and adequate time to follow-up are lacking. The ongoing Lung VITAL study is taking advantage of a large clinical trial the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) to conduct the first major evaluation of the influences of vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on pneumonia risk, respiratory exacerbation episodes, asthma control and lung function in adults. VITAL is a 5-year U.S.-wide randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, 2 x 2 factorial trial of supplementation with vitamin D3 ([cholecalciferol], 2000 IU/day) and marine omega-3 FA (Omacor (R) fish oil, eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] + docosahexaenoic acid [DHA], 1 g/day) for primary prevention of CVD and cancer among men and women, at baseline aged. >= 50 and >= 55, respectively, with 5107 African Americans. In a subset of 1973 participants from 11 urban U.S. centers, lung function is measured before and two years after randomization. Yearly follow-up questionnaires assess incident pneumonia in the entire randomized population, and exacerbations of respiratory disease, asthma control and dyspnea in a subpopulation of 4314 randomized participants enriched, as shown in presentation of baseline characteristics, for respiratory disease, respiratory symptoms, and history of cigarette smoking. Self-reported pneumonia hospitalization will be confirmed by medical record review, and exacerbations will be confirmed by Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services data review. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Long Chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids to Prevent Preterm Birth <i>A Systematic Review and Meta</i>-<i>analysis</i>; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of omega-3 in reducing the incidence of preterm birth.
Dietetic guidelines on food and nutrition in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease - evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials (second update, January 2006); Aim To update dietetic guidelines based on systematic review evidence on dietary advice to prevent further events in people with existing cardiovascular disease (CVD) (secondary prevention).
Safety assessment of SDA soybean oil: Results of a 28-day gavage study and a 90-day/one generation reproduction feeding study in rats; Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) in the diet reduce risk of cardiac mortality. Fish oils are a dietary source of LC-PUFAs (EPA, DHA) but intake is low in Western diets. Adding beneficial amounts of LC-PUFAs to foods is limited by their instability and potential to impart off-flavors. Stearidonic acid (SDA), a precursor of EPA in man, is more stable than EPA/DHA in food matrices. SDA is present in fish oils (0.5-4%) and in nutraceuticals (echium, borage oil). Genes for Delta 6, Delta 15 desaturases were introduced into soybeans that convert linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid to SDA (15-30% fatty acids). Since addition of SDA soybean oil into human foods increases SDA intake, toxicology studies were undertaken to assess its safety. In a 28-day pilot study, rats were gavaged with SDA soybean oil at dosages up to 3 g/kg body weight/day; no treatment-related adverse effects were observed. A 90-day/one generation rat reproduction study was subsequently conducted where SDA soybean oil was added to diets to provide daily doses of 1.5 and 4 g/kg body weight. There were no treatment-related adverse effects on parental animals or on reproductive performance and progeny development. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The case for adding eicosapentaenoic acid (icosapent ethyl) to the ABCs of cardiovascular disease prevention; The high-purity eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) prescription fish oil-derived omega-3 fatty acid (omega-3), icosapent ethyl (IPE), was recently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in high-risk patients. This approval is based on the 25% CVD event risk reduction observed with IPE in the pre-specified primary composite endpoint (cardiovascular [CV] death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, coronary revascularization, or hospitalization for unstable angina) in the landmark Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT). Notably, this reduction in CVD event risk with IPE was an incremental benefit to well-controlled low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; patients in REDUCE-IT had elevated triglyceride (TG) levels (135-499 mg/dL) and either had a history of atherosclerotic CVD or diabetes with additional CV risk factors. Given the CVD event risk reduction in REDUCE-IT, within a year following trial results, several global medical societies added IPE to their clinical guidelines. IPE is a stable, highly purified, FDA-approved prescription EPA ethyl ester. In contrast, mixed omega-3 products (docosahexaenoic acid + EPA combinations) have limited or no evidence for CVD event risk reduction, and nonprescription fish oil dietary supplements are not regulated as medicine by the FDA. We offer our perspective and rationale for why this evidence-based EPA-only formulation, IPE, should be added to the 'E' in the ABCDEF methodology for CV prevention. We provide multiple lines of evidence regarding an unmet need for CVD prevention beyond statin therapy, IPE clinical trials, IPE cost-effectiveness analyses, and proposed pleiotropic (non-lipid) mechanisms of action of EPA, as well as other relevant clinical considerations. SeeFigure 1for the graphical abstract. Figure 1. Graphical abstract.
Dietary Docosahexaenoic Acid and <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12-Conjugated Linoleic Acid Differentially Alter Oxylipin Profiles in Mouse Periuterine Adipose Tissue; Diets containing high n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) decrease inflammation and the incidence of chronic diseases including cardiovascular disease and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease while trans-fatty acids (TFA) intake increases the incidence of these conditions. Some health benefits of n-3 PUFA are mediated through the impact of their oxygenated metabolites, i.e. oxylipins. The TFA, trans-10, cis-12-conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 18:2n-6) is associated with adipose tissue (AT) inflammation, oxidative stress, and wasting. We examined the impact of a 4-week feeding of 0, 0.5, and 1.5% docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) in the presence and absence of 0.5% CLA on AT oxylipin profiles in female C57BL/6N mice. Esterified oxylipins in AT derived from linoleic acid (LNA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), arachidonic acid (ARA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), DHA, and putative from CLA were quantified. CLA containing diets reduced AT mass by similar to 62%. Compared with the control diet, the DHA diet elevated concentrations of EPA-and DHA-derived alcohols and epoxides and LNA-derived alcohols, reduced ARA-derived alcohols, ketones, epoxides, and 6-keto-prostaglandin (PG) F-1 alpha (P < 0.05), and had mixed effects on ALA-derived alcohols. Dietary CLA lowered EPA-, DHA-, and ALA-derived epoxides, ARA-derived ketones and epoxides, and ALA-derived alcohols. While dietary CLA induced variable effects in EPA-, DHA-, and LNA-derived alcohols and LNA-derived ketones, it elevated ARA-derived alcohols and PGF(1 alpha), PGF(2 alpha), and F2-isoprostanes. DHA counteracted CLA-induced effects in 67, 57, 43, and 29% of total DHA-, ARA-, EPA-, and ALA-derived oxylipins, respectively. Thus, CLA elevated proinflammatory oxylipins while DHA increased anti-inflammatory oxylipins and diminished concentration of CLA-induced pro-inflammatory oxylipins in AT.
Identification of novel autoxidation products of the ω-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>; Increased intake of fish oil rich in the omega- 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C22:6 omega- 3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22: 6 omega- 3) reduces the incidence of human disorders such as atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, mechanisms that contribute to the beneficial effects of fish oil consumption are poorly understood. Mounting evidence suggests that oxidation products of EPA andDHAmay be responsible, at least in part, for these benefits. Previously, we have defined the free radical- induced oxidation of arachidonic acid in vitro and in vivo and have proposed a unified mechanism for its peroxidation. Wehypothesize that the oxidation of EPA can be rationally defined but would be predicted to be significantly more complex than arachidonate because of the fact that EPA contains an addition carbon- carbon double bond. Herein, we present, for the first time, a unified mechanism for the peroxidation of EPA. Novel oxidation products were identified employing state- oftheart mass spectrometric techniques including Ag (+) coordination ionspray and atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry. Predicted compounds detected both in vitro and in vivo included monocylic peroxides, serial cyclic peroxides, bicyclic endoperoxides, and dioxolane- endoperoxides. Systematic study of the peroxidation of EPA provides the basis to examine the role of specific oxidation products as mediators of the biological effects of fish oil.
Supplementation with high-dose docosahexaenoic acid increases the Omega-3 Index more than high-dose eicosapentaenoic acid; Background: Recent studies suggest that eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids have distinct effects on cardiometabolic risk factors. The Omega-3 Index (030, which is calculated as the proportion of EPA and DHA in red blood cell (RBC) membranes, has been inversely associated with the risk of coronary heart diseases and coronary mortality. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of EPA and DHA supplementation on the 031 in men and women with abdominal obesity and subclinical inflammation.
Effects of hemodialysis on blood fatty acids; Omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids have beneficial cardiovascular effects, perhaps also in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. A low omega-3 index is an independent cardiovascular risk factor in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) dialysis patients. However, the plasma measurements invariably ignore circulating blood cells, including the preponderant erythrocytes (RBCs). We measured fatty acids (HPLC-MS lipidomics) in all components of the circulating blood, since RBC n-3 fatty acid status has been linked to cardiovascular disease and mortality. We studied 15 healthy persons and 15 CKD patients undergoing regular hemodialysis treatments. While total fatty acid levels differed significantly in RBCs from healthy controls and CKD patients, the hemodialysis treatment had no effect on plasma or RBC fatty acid levels. No changes occurred in the percentage of eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5 n-3, EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6 n-3; DHA) (omega-3 quotient) in RBC membrane fatty acids. Nonetheless, hemodialysis treatments increased plasma levels of various total fatty acids, namely C12:0, C14:0, C16:0, C20:2 n-6, C20:4 n-6, and C22:6 n-3 (DHA), while plasma levels of free fatty acids were unchanged. These data suggest that despite significant changes in fatty acids signatures between healthy persons and CKD patients, hemodialysis does not alter RBC n-3 fatty acid status, including the omega-3 quotient. The dialysis treatment per se does not appear to be responsible for a lower omega-3 index in CKD patients.
Low Sucrose, Omega-3 Enriched Diet Has Region-Specific Effects on Neuroinflammation and Synaptic Function Markers in a Mouse Model of Doxorubicin-Based Chemotherapy; Chemotherapeutic agents such as doxorubicin may negatively affect long-term brain functioning in cancer survivors; neuroinflammation may play a causal role. Dietary approaches that reduce inflammation, such as lowering sucrose and increasing eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid (EPA + DHA), may attenuate chemotherapy-induced neuroinflammation and synaptic damage, thereby improving quality of life. Ovariectomized, C57BL/6 mice were assigned to a chemotherapy (9 mg/kg doxorubicin + 90 mg/kg cyclophosphamide) or vehicle two-injection regimen, with injections two and four weeks after starting diets. In Study 1, mice received low sucrose diets with EPA + DHA or No EPA + DHA for four to six weeks; tissues were collected four, seven, or 14 days after the second injection. Compared to vehicle, chemotherapy increased pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-1 at day seven in the cortex and hippocampus, and reduced gene expression of synaptic marker Shank 3 at all timepoints in cortex, while EPA + DHA increased expression of Shank 3. In Study 2, high or low sucrose/EPA + DHA or No EPA + DHA diets were fed for five weeks; tissues were collected ten days after the second injection. Among chemotherapy-treated mice, brain DHA was higher with low sucrose feeding. Furthermore, low sucrose increased gene expression of Shank 1, while EPA + DHA increased expression of Shank 3 and reduced protein concentrations of pro-inflammatory markers IL-5, IL-6 and KC/GRO in the cortex, but not the hippocampus. Low sucrose, EPA + DHA diets may attenuate neuroinflammation and synaptic damage induced by doxorubicin-based chemotherapy in specific brain regions.
Plasma ω-3 and ω-6 PUFA Concentrations and Risk of Atrial Fibrillation: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background: Current literature examining the prospective relation of circulating omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) PUFAs and atrial fibrillation (AF) is limited to predominantly white populations.
Effect of Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acid and Vitamin D Supplementation on Incident Atrial Fibrillation: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Key PointsQuestionDoes supplementation with marine omega-3 fatty acids and/or vitamin D-3 affect the risk of developing atrial fibrillation (AF)? FindingsIn this ancillary primary prevention AF trial that was embedded within a 2x2 factorial randomized clinical trial and included 25119 participants without AF at study entry, there was no significant difference in AF incidence with marine omega-3 fatty acids vs placebo (hazard ratio, 1.09) or with vitamin D-3 supplementation vs placebo (hazard ratio, 1.09) over a median 5.3 years of treatment and follow-up. MeaningThese findings do not support the use of marine omega-3 fatty acids or vitamin D-3 in adults to prevent AF.
Red blood cell docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid concentrations are positively associated with socioeconomic status in patients with established coronary artery disease: Data from the heart and soul study; Traditional cardiac risk factors only partially explain the biological mechanisms by which persons of lower socioeconomic status (SES) have higher cardiovascular risk. Dietary factors, resulting in lower circulating levels of (n-3) fatty acids, may also contribute to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in patients with low SES. We tested whether low SES is associated with RBC levels of (n-3) fatty acids in patients with coronary heart disease. We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 987 adults with stable coronary artery disease (CAD) recruited from San Francisco area outpatient clinics. Four SES measures (household income, education, occupation, and housing status) were assessed by self-report. RBC fatty acid levels of 2 (n-3) fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), were measured in venous blood samples from fasting subjects. Participants with lower household income, education, occupation, and housing status had lower RBC levels of (n-3) fatty acids (P < 0.001 for all 4 measures). In multivariable models, household income, education, and occupation remained strongly associated with DHA and EPA levels after adjustment for demographic factors, BMI, physical activity, statin use, and kidney function (P < 0.001 for all 3 measures). Housing status was not associated with DHA or EPA after multivariable adjustment. Among patients with CAD, 3 indicators of low SES, household income, education, and occupation, were strongly associated with lower RBC levels of (n-3) fatty acids. Our results raise the possibility that (n-3) fatty acids may be an important mediating factor in the association between low SES and CVD.
Associations of fish oil and vitamin B and E supplementation with cardiovascular outcomes and mortality in people receiving haemodialysis: a review; Background: Cardiovascular complications are the leading cause of mortality in patients with end-stage kidney disease. Research indicates that the Mediterranean diet is protective of cardiovascular disease in the general population. Components of this diet have been trialled in haemodialysis patients with the aim of reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease and improving associated risk factors. Components include fish, fruit and vegetables in the form of fish oil supplements and vitamin and antioxidant supplements. This narrative review provides an overview of observational studies, and interventional and randomised controlled trials examining the association of these supplements with cardiovascular outcomes in haemodialysis patients.
Effect of enteral immunomodulatory nutrition formula on mortality and critical care parameters in critically ill patients: A systematic review with meta-analysis; Background Enteral immunomodulatory nutrition is recommended as an adjuvant therapy for patients in intensive care units (ICU), but its effectiveness is incompletely understood. Aim The aim of this review was to examine the effect of a commonly used immunomodulatory formula-omega-3 fatty acids, gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants-on clinical outcomes and mortality risk in critically ill patients. Design Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Method PubMed, Scopus, and Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Knowledge databases were searched until 18 February 2021. RCTs that used the immunomodulatory formula in the ICU were included. Results Ten RCTs (1166 participants) were included in the meta-analysis. The immunomodulatory formula reduced the duration of ICU stay weighted mean difference [(WMD): -2.97 days; 95%CI: -5.59, -0.35)], mechanical ventilation (WMD = -2.20 days, 95%CI: -4.29, -0.10), sequential organ failure assessment and multiple organ dysfunction scores (Hedge's g: -0.42 U/L; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.11), decreased 8-day overall mortality risk (RR = 0.74, 95% CI: 0.58, 0.91), and extended the ICU-free days (WMD: 4.06 days, 95% CI: 0.02, 8.09). The improvement in respiratory function and reduction in mortality risk was more in patients with acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Furthermore, the reduction in mechanical ventilation and mortality risk was more evident in older (>60 years) vs young adults. Conclusion and Relevance to Clinical Practice Taken together, the immunomodulatory formula may enhance clinical practice for critical care nurses, such that the prevalence and/or susceptibility to secondary conditions commonly encountered in the ICU (ie, ALI and ARDS) could be attenuated, ultimately allowing critical care nurses to focus their care on the primary reason for which a patient is in the ICU. The study protocol was registered in PROSPERO.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on coronary atherosclerosis: Results from SCIMO, an angiographic study, background and implications; According to the model of "response to injury," the arterial endothelium is occasionally injured in hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and in other states known as risk factors. The ensuing inflammatory response is modulated by cytokines and growth factors, among them platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1). In two independent studies, we demonstrated that mRNA levels for PDGF-A and -B and for MCP-1 are reduced after ingestion of n-3 fatty acids by human volunteers. This reduction persists after monocyte stimulation/ differentiation by adherence. Moreover, the reduction is brought about only by dietary n-3 fatty acids and not by other classes of unsaturated fatty acids (n-6 or n-9). This appears to be one major mechanism of action of reduced progression/increased regression of established coronary artery disease by ingestion of 1.5 g/d n-3 fatty acids, as assessed by coronary angiography in a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind intervention study in 223 patients. The study was conducted according to "Cood Clinical Practice," comprehensive rules regulating investigations with pharmaceutical compounds. Together, our investigations lend support to the importance of PDGF-A, PDGF-B, and MCP-1 in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, and the beneficial role of n-3 fatty acids therein.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids and their metabolites as inhibitors of mammalian tumorigenesis; Components of tumorigenesis include uncontrolled proliferation and defects in cell death pathways, as well as increased angiogenesis, in which tumors develop their own blood supply, and metastasis, which enables tumor dissemination. Most anticancer drugs are designed to kill cancer cells but are relatively ineffective against some phases of tumorigenesis. Alternate strategies to prevent tumorigenesis are urgently required and considerable evidence has emerged that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) derived from certain plants and oily fish are important modulators of tumor cell proliferation, apoptosis, angiogenesis and metastasis. Epidemiological studies in man, as well as experimental studies in animal models and cells, have reported that while omega-6 PUFA accelerate tumorigenesis, omega-3 PUFA have anticancer properties. The over-expression of certain PUFA-metabolizing enzymes in tumors, including cyclooxygenases, lipoxygenases and cytochromes P450 (CYP), has provided the impetus for studies on the roles of biotransformation products in the cancer-modulatory actions of PUFAs. Some omega-6 PUFA metabolites, including PGE(2), 5-HETE and the CYP-derived EETs, stimulate tumorigenesis by activating prostanoid receptors, nuclear receptors and intracellular signal transduction cascades. In contrast, omega-3 PUFA both inhibit the formation of pro-tumorigenic omega-6 PUFA metabolites and generate omega-3 metabolites that are anti-tumorigenic in their own right, including PGE(3) and the 17,18-epoxide of epoxyeicosapentaenoic acid (HETE). Some of these naturally occurring metabolites of omega-3 PUFA formed in human cells may be useful lead compounds for the development of novel agents that inhibit cancer.
Dairy fat and risk of cardiovascular disease in 3 cohorts of US adults; Background: Few prospective studies have examined dairy fat in relation to cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; The n-3 or omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are a promising dietary preventive therapy for cardiovascular disease. The main dietary source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids comes from sea fish. During recent years, the subject of antiarrhythmic role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been investigated extensively. A great deal of evidence has shown that the antiarrhythmic effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is exerted by altering the electrophysiology of myocytes. This article is intended to review specifically this role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as demonstrated by both basic and clinical evidence in animal and human studies, including current concepts on the antiarrhythmic mechanism of this class of polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Beneficial Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Gestational Diabetes: Consequences in Macrosomia and Adulthood Obesity; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Do Not Improve Endothelial Function In Virologically Suppressed HIV-Infected Men: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Omega-3 fatty acids decrease cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality possibly due to antiinflammatory effect. Inflammation and endothelial dysfunction likely play a role in the heightened CVD risk in HIV. Our goal was to evaluate the effect of omega-3 fatty acids primarily on endothelial function and inflammation in HIV-infected adults with moderate CVD risk on stable antiretroviral therapy. We conducted a 24-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of omega-3-acid ethyl esters 1 g twice a day. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery, lipoproteins and markers of inflammation, endothelial activation, coagulation, and insulin resistance were measured at entry and week 24. There were no within- or between-group differences in change in FMD over 24 weeks (mean change in FMD -0.13% vs. 1.5% for treatment vs. placebo; p = 0.21). There were no between-group differences in changes in lipoprotein levels or biomarkers tested, except soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor-I, which favored omega-3-acid ethyl esters. Omega-3 fatty acids did not improve endothelial function or activation, coagulation, or insulin resistance in virologically suppressed, HIV-infected men with moderate CVD risk; however, inflammation tended to improve. This suggests that omega-3 fatty acids may not be potent enough to counteract the enhanced inflammation and endothelial dysfunction due to HIV and antiretrovirals.
Fish oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids attenuate oxidative stress-induced DNA damage in vascular endothelial cells; Objective
Prevention of cardiac sudden death by N-3 fatty acids: A review of the evidence; The essential n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids can prevent ischaemia-induced ventricular fibrillation in rats, dogs and marmosets. In isolated neonatal rat cardiac myocytes, these have been shown to prevent tachyarrhythmias elevated calcium concentrations, toxic ouabain, a beta-adrenergic agent (isoproterenol), lysophosphatidylcholine and acylcarnitine. The antiarrhythmic effect is caused by a reduction in electrical excitability caused by partitioning of the free polyunsaturated fatty acids into the phospholipid cell membranes of the cardiac myocytes, which modulates membrane ion channels. Two clinical trials suggest they could prevent sudden cardiac death in humans.
Prolonged flaxseed flour intake decreased the thickness of the aorta and modulates some modifiable risk factors related to cardiovascular disease in rats; Cardiovascular diseases are a major public health problem. Different risk factors have been recognized as the main causes of the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases. Flaxseed is a source of dietary fiber, lignans, and alpha-linolenic acid. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of prolonged supplementation with flaxseed flour as preventive therapy on cardiovascular risk parameters in healthy Wistar rats.
G2/M cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis by n-3 fatty acids in a pancreatic cancer model; Background. n-3 fatty acids (n-3FA) have anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative effects including modulation of pro-inflammatory cascade mediators and cytokine elaboration (i.e., TNF-alpha, IL-10 and PGE(2)) in many cell lines. However, mechanisms of anti-proliferative effects have not been clearly defined.
RETRACTED: Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on inflammatory markers in COPD (Retracted article. See vol. 134, pg. 893, 2008); Background: COPD, the fifth-leading cause of death world-wide, is characterized by chronic inflammation. However, no available agent can effectively cure this inflammation. A dietary supplement containing omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has anti-inflammatory effects. In this study, we hypothesized that nutritional support with omega-3 PUFA-rich diets may be useful for treating COPD, and we compared the clinical features and inflammatory mediator levels between the COPD patients who received an omega-3 PUFA-rich supplement and those who received a nonrich supplement.
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl ester supplementation decreases very-low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol secretion in obese men; Dysregulated VLDL-TAG (very-low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol) metabolism in obesity may account for hypertriacylglycerolaemia and increased cardiovascular disease. omega-3 FAEEs (omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters) decrease plasma TAG and VLDL concentrations, but the mechanisms are not fully understood. In the present study, we carried out a 6-week randomized, placebo-controlled study to examine the effect of high-dose omega-3 FAEE supplementation (3.2 g/day) on the metabolism of VLDL-TAG in obese men using intravenous administration of d5-glycerol. We also explored the relationship of VLDL-TAG kinetics with the metabolism of VLDL-apo (apolipoprotein) B-100 and HDL (high-density lipoprotein)-apoA-I. VLDL-TAG isotopic enrichment was measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Kinetic parameters were derived using a multicompartmental model. Compared with placebo, omega-3 FAEE supplementation significantly lowered plasma concentrations of total (-14%, P < 0.05) and VLDL-TAG (-32%, P < 0.05), as well as hepatic secretion of VLDL-TAG (-32%, P < 0.03). The FCR (fractional catabolic rate) of VLDL-TAG was not altered by omega-3 FAEEs. There was a significant association between the change in secretion rates of VLDL-TAG and VLDL-apoB-100 (r=0.706, P<0.05). However, the change in VLDL-TAG secretion rate was not associated with change in HDL-apoA-I FCR (r=0.139, P>0.05). Our results suggest that the TAG-lowering effect of omega-3 FAEEs is associated with the decreased VLDL-TAG secretion rate and hence lower plasma VLDL-TAG concentration in obesity. The changes in VLDL-TAG and apoB-100 kinetics are closely coupled.
Are fish oils beneficial in the prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease?; The n-3 fatty acids of fish and fish oil have great potential for the prevention and treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. Unlike many of the pharmaceutical agents used in patients with coronary artery disease that have just a single mechanism of action, the eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids of fish oil have multifaceted actions. One of their most important effects is the prevention of arrhythmias, with documentation derived from experiments in cultured myocytes, experiments in animals, epidemiologic correlations, and clinical trials. Especially important is the ability of these n-3 fatty acids to inhibit ventricular fibrillation and consequent cardiac arrest. Eicosapentaenoic acid has several antithrombotic actions, particularly in inhibiting the synthesis of thromboxane A,? the prostaglandin that causes platelet aggregation and vasoconstriction. Fish oil retards the growth of the atherosclerotic plaque by inhibiting both cellular growth factors and the migration of monocytes. The n-3 fatty acids promote the synthesis of the beneficial nitric oxide in the endothelium. Experiments in humans indicate a profound hypolipidemic effect of fish oil, especially lowering of plasma triacylglycerol. Both very-low-density lipoprotein production and apolipoprotein B synthesis are inhibited by fish oil. Finally, fish oil has a mild blood pressure-lowering effect in both normal and mildly hypertensive individuals. These composite effects suggest a prominent therapeutic role for fish oil in the prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease.
Omega 3 Fatty Acids Supplementation and Oxidative Stress in HIV-Seropositive Patients. A Clinical Trial; HIV-seropositive patients show high incidence of coronary heart disease and oxidative stress has been described as relevant key in atherosclerosis development. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of omega 3 fatty acids on different markers of oxidative stress in HIV-seropositive patients. We performed a randomized parallel controlled clinical trial in The Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, a public health hospital. 70 HIV-seropositive patients aged 20 to 55 on clinical score A1, A2, B1 or B2 receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) were studied. They were randomly assigned to receive omega 3 fatty acids 2.4 g (Zonelabs, Marblehead MA) or placebo for 6 months. At baseline and at the end of the study, anthropometric measurements, lipid profile, glucose and stress oxidative levels [nitric oxide catabolites, lipoperoxides (malondialdehyde plus 4-hydroxialkenals), and glutathione] were evaluated. Principal HAART therapy was EFV/TDF/FTC (55%) and AZT/3TC/EFV (15%) without difference between groups. Treatment with omega 3 fatty acids as compared with placebo decreased triglycerides (-0.32 vs. 0.54 mmol/L; p = 0.04), but oxidative stress markers were not different between groups.
New approaches to triglyceride reduction: Is there any hope left?; Triglycerides play a crucial role in the efficient storage of energy in the body. Mild and moderate hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is a heterogeneous disorder with significant association with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), including myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease and represents an important component of the residual ASCVD risk in statin treated patients despite optimal low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction. Individuals with severe HTG (>1,000 mg/dL) rarely develop atherosclerosis but have an incremental incidence of acute pancreatitis with significant morbidity and mortality. HTG can occur from a combination of genetic (both mono and polygenic) and environmental factors including poor diet, low physical activity, obesity, medications, and diseases like insulin resistance and other endocrine pathologies. HTG represents a potential target for ASCVD risk and pancreatitis risk reduction, however data on ASCVD reduction by treating HTG is still lacking and HTG-associated acute pancreatitis occurs too rarely to effectively demonstrate treatment benefit. In this review, we address the key aspects of HTG pathophysiology and examine the mechanisms and background of current and emerging therapies in the management of HTG.
Intake and metabolism of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids: nutritional implications for cardiometabolic diseases; Prospective observational studies support the use of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the primary prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; however, randomised controlled trials, have often reported neutral findings. There is a long history of debate about the potential harmful effects of a high intake of omega-6 PUFAs, although this idea is not supported by prospective observational studies or randomised controlled trials. Health effects of PUFAs might be influenced by Delta-5 and Delta-6 desaturases, the key enzymes in the metabolism of PUFAs. The activity of these enzymes and modulation by variants in encoding genes (FADS1-2-3 gene cluster) are linked to several cardiometabolic traits. This Review will further consider non-genetic determinants of desaturase activity, which have the potential to modify the availability of PUFAs to tissues. Finally, we discuss the consequences of altered desaturase activity in the context of PUFA intake, that is, gene-diet interactions and their clinical and public health implications.
Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Hepatic and Visceral Fat in Overweight Men: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Being overweight increases the risk of the development of metabolic conditions such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is itself an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation is recommended for prevention of chronic disease, and is thought to reduce raised liver fat, yet there have been few randomized controlled trials with accurate measurement of liver fat. We assessed the effect of 12 weeks of supplementation with omega-3 PUFA from fish oil versus placebo on quantified liver fat, liver tests, and body composition including visceral adipose tissue (VAT) in a double-blind randomized controlled trial. Fifty apparently healthy overweight men (BMI 25.0-29.9 kg/m(2); waist > 94 cm) were randomly allocated to consume fish oil (total daily dose: 1728 mg marine triglycerides, of which 588 mg EPA and 412 mg DHA, combined with 200 mg antioxidant, coenzyme Q10) or placebo (olive oil capsules) daily for 12 weeks. Liver fat was assessed using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. All outcomes were assessed at baseline and following 6 and 12 weeks of supplementation. Baseline liver fat was 4.6 +/- 0.5% (range: 0.6 to 18.2%); 16 (32%) participants met the criteria for NAFLD (>5.5% liver fat). Repeated measures ANOVA revealed no significant time or group x time effect for fish oil versus placebo for liver fat, liver enzymes, anthropometry, or body composition including VAT (p > 0.05 for all), with similar finding for sub-analysis of participants with NAFLD. Omega-3 PUFA did not appear to be an effective agent for reducing liver fat in overweight men. The factors determining the health benefits of omega-3 PUFA supplementation on an individual level need to be clarified.
Fatty acid desaturase gene transcription at <i>Solanum tuberosum</i> L. cold adaptation; The problem of the survival of plants under low temperatures becomes more relevant in the light of global climate change and the growing needs of the population. In this regard, studies of the impact of hypothermia on plants are not only fundamental, but also applied. Potatoes are an important food crop, ranking fourth in the world in terms of growing. The actual yield of potatoes is significantly lower than its potential productivity, and one of the limiting factors is the lack of resistance of many modern varieties to spring frosts. Decoding of the potato genome made it possible to use advances in molecular biology to study the role of individual genes and identify key proteins that can increase resistance to low temperature. It is widely known that under the action of low temperatures, there is a phase transition of membrane lipids, which is accompanied by a decrease in membrane fluidity and loss of their barrier properties and, as a result, by inactivation of enzymes. In response to changes in physical properties of membranes, cells activate protection systems, among which an important role is played by the cold-induced increase in the degree of unsaturation of fatty acids of membrane lipids. Therefore, one of the main goals of adaptation is the stabilization of membranes, for example, due to the work of enzymes, fatty acid desaturase (encoded by genes FAD), catalyzing the conversion of saturated fatty acids (FA) into unsaturated. Among all plant cell membranes, chloroplast membranes play a special role in the formation of plant resistance to low temperatures, since it is in chloroplasts that photosynthesis, the main source of energy necessary for the restructuring of metabolism during the adaptation period, takes place. The aim of the research was to study the role of chloroplast localized Delta 9-, Delta 12 - and omega 3(Delta 15)-desaturases in adaptive transformations of the fatty acid composition of chloroplast membranes when forming potato plant cold resistance during hardening.
Use and misuse of dietary fatty acids for the prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease; In the recent years, the health effects of fish (and n-3 fatty acids) have attracted considerable scientific interest. The present consensus is that the cardioprotection of very long chain n-3 fatty acids (also called EPA and DHA) at the low dosage used in recent secondary prevention trials primarily results from an effect on the ischemic myocardium and probably not from an effect on blood lipids and hemostasis. In other words, at these low dosages, there is apparently no major effect of these fatty acids on the progression of the vascular atherosclerotic lesions. In contrast, dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), the parent compound of the very long chain n-3 fatty acids occurring in some vegetable oils, may be protective through mechanisms other than the myocardial (antiarrhythmic) ones. In addition to its own direct preventive effect on cardiac arrhythmias, dietary ALA actually inhibits the elongation and desaturation of linoleic acid (18:2 n-6) into arachidonic acid. Because arachidonic acid (20:4 n-6) plays an important role in inflammation (as the precursor of the proinflammatory eicosanoids and leukotrienes), modifying its amount in blood and cell membranes influences the prevalence and severity of eicosanoid-related disorders, including atherosclerotic complications. The present knowledge of n-3 fatty acids justifies that physicians, in particular cardiologists in the context of secondary prevention of coronary heart disease, manage their patients, the young and the old, to increase their consumption of these fatty acids. They can only advise them to adequately adapt their diet (for instance in primary prevention), but in most cases, the systematic prescription of capsules containing oils enriched in ALA and EPA+DHA will be, ethically and scientifically, an obligation.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids mitigate blood-brain barrier disruption after hypoxic-ischemic brain injury; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been shown to protect the neonatal brain against hypoxic/ischemic (H/I) injury. However, the mechanism of n-3 PUFA-afforded neuroprotection is not well understood. One major determinant of H/I vulnerability is the permeability of the blood brain barrier (BBB). Therefore, we examined the effects of n-3 PUFAs on BBB integrity after neonatal H/I. Female rats were fed a diet with or without n-3 PUFA enrichment from day 2 of pregnancy to 14 days after parturition. H/I was introduced in 7 day-old offspring. We observed relatively rapid BBB penetration of the small molecule cadaverine (640 Da) at 4 h post-H/I and a delayed penetration of larger dextrans (3 kD-40 kD) 24-48 h after injury. Surprisingly, the neonatal BBB was impermeable to Evans Blue or 70 kD dextran leakage for up to 48 h post-H/I, despite evidence of IgG extravasation at this time. As expected, n-3 PUFAs ameliorated H/I-induced BBB damage, as shown by reductions in tracer efflux and IgG extravasation, preservation of BBB ultrastructure, and enhanced tight junction protein expression. Furthermore, n-3 PUFAs prevented the elevation in matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) activity in the brain and blood after H/I. Thus, n-3 PUFAs may protect neonates against BBB damage by blunting MMPs activation after H/I. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Nutraceutical support in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases; Cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of death worldwide. In this regard, there is a need to find and implement effective methods for the prevention and treatment of such diseases. Lifestyle modification is an important component of a complex of preventive and therapeutic measures, including nutrition optimization, increased physical activity, and breaking bad habits. Currently, an actively developing area is the use of biologically active additives to food, in order to replenish the missing nutrients in the diet and maintain health. In the course of the present review, an analysis was made of randomized clinical trials performed over the past 5 years. The studies investigated both the short-term effects of taking omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (effect on the blood lipid spectrum, blood pressure levels) and long-term results (development of myocardial infarction, stroke, cardiovascular mortality). This supplement has demonstrated a positive effect on immediate outcomes, namely the reduction of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides (lipid-lowering effect). However, there was no significant effect on long-term results. It also provides information on studies that have examined the cardioprotective effects of supplements such as resveratrol, red yeast rice, L-arginine, and curcumin. An analysis of publications has shown that these supplements have the potential to reduce the risk of development and progression of cardiovascular diseases due to possible hypolipidemic, endothelial protective, and antihypertensive effects. Nutraceutical support can be an effective addition to the basic treatment and help reduce morbidity and mortality due to cardiovascular disease.
The role of nutrition in the prevention of arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease; In Germany, arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease is responsible for about 50 % of all deaths. Because of the severe morbidity and high mortality primary prevention appears mandatory. The low rates of cardiovascular disease in many countries and the striking rise of risk when the inhabitants migrate to western industrial societies demonstrate that environmental factors like nutrition and lifestyle play the predominent role over genetic determinants.
Dose-response effects of marine omega-3 fatty acids on apolipoproteins, apolipoprotein-defined lipoprotein subclasses, and Lp-PLA<sub>2</sub> in individuals with moderate hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: Apolipoprotein (apo) distribution and lipoprotein (Lp)-associated markers of inflammation, such as lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)), influence the atherogenicity of circulating lipids and lipoproteins. Little evidence exists regarding the dose-response effects of the marine omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on apos, apo-defined Lps, and Lp-PLA(2).
Effect of Vitamin D and ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Risk of Age-Related Macular Degeneration An Ancillary Study of the VITAL Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Observational studies suggest that higher intake or blood levels of vitamin D and marine omega-3 fatty acids may be associated with lower risks of age-related macular degeneration (AMD). However, evidence from randomized trials is limited.
New insights into the health effects of dietary saturated and omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Cardiovascular diseases and cancers are leading causes of morbidity and mortality. Reducing dietary saturated fat and replacing it with polyunsaturated fat is still the main dietary strategy to prevent cardiovascular diseases, although major flaws have been reported in the analyses supporting this approach. Recent studies introducing the concept of myocardial preconditioning have opened new avenues to understand the complex interplay between the various lipids and the risk of cardiovascular diseases. The optimal dietary fat profile includes a low intake of both saturated and omega-6 fatty acids and a moderate intake of omega-3 fatty acids. This profile is quite similar to the Mediterranean diet. On the other hand, recent studies have found a positive association between omega-6 and breast cancer risk. In contrast, omega-3 fatty acids do have anticancer properties. It has been shown that certain (Mediterranean) polyphenols significantly increase the endogenous synthesis of omega-3 whereas high intake of omega-6 decreases it. Finally, epidemiological studies suggest that a high omega-3 to omega-6 ratio may be the optimal strategy to decrease breast cancer risk. Thus, the present high intake of omega-6 in many countries is definitely not the optimal strategy to prevent cardiovascular disease and cancers. A moderate intake of plant and marine omega-3 in the context of the traditional Mediterranean diet (low in saturated and omega-6 fatty acids but high in plant monounsaturated fat) appears to be the best approach to reduce the risk of both cardiovascular diseases and cancers, in particular breast cancer.
National Lipid Association Scientific Statement on the use of icosapent ethyl in statin-treated patients with elevated triglycerides and high or very-high ASCVD risk; Representatives from the National Lipid Association (NLA) participated in the development of the 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology/Multisociety Guideline on the Management of Blood Cholesterol, which reaffirmed that lifestyle changes and statin treatment are therapeutic cornerstones for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk reduction. It also updated prior recommendations to incorporate newer data demonstrating ASCVD risk reduction with ezetimibe and proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 inhibitors as adjuncts to statin therapy for patients at high and very-high ASCVD risk. The 2018 Guideline was finalized shortly before full results were available from a randomized, placebo-controlled cardiovascular outcomes trial [Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT)] that examined the effects of icosapent ethyl (IPE) 4 g/d on major adverse cardiovascular events in selected high- or very high-risk, statin-treated patients with elevated triglycerides. The primary outcome variable of first major adverse cardiovascular event (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization and hospitalization for unstable angina) was reduced by 25% (95% confidence interval 17%-32%, P<.001). REDUCE-IT served as the primary basis for the NLA's review of evidence for the use of IPE for ASCVD risk reduction. Based on this review, the NLA position is that for patients aged >= 45 years with clinical ASCVD, or aged >= 50 years with diabetes mellitus requiring medication plus >= 1 additional risk factor, with fasting triglycerides 135 to 499 mg/dL on high-intensity or maximally tolerated statin therapy (+/- ezetimibe), treatment with IPE is recommended for ASCVD risk reduction (evidence rating: class I; evidence level: B-R). (C) 2019 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
Effects of Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> and Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on Biomarkers of Systemic Inflammation: 4-Year Findings from the VITAL Randomized Trial; Background: The VITAL study was a nationwide, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2 x 2 factorial trial of vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/day) and marine n-3 FAs (1 g/day) supplements. We recently reported that vitamin D supplementation with or without omega 3 fatty acids reduced autoimmune disease by 22% in the VITAL study. Objective: To investigate the effects of vitamin D-3 and/or n-3 FAs on changes in systemic inflammatory biomarkers including pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines over a 4-year period in the VITAL sub-cohort with in-person evaluations at the Center for Clinical Investigations (CCI) in Boston. Design: Serum levels of four inflammatory biomarkers (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hs-CRP], interleukin-6, interleukin-10, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha) were measured in a total of 2713 samples from those 1054 VITAL/CCI participants (aged 64.9 +/- 6.5 years, 49% female, 84% white, and 9% black) at baseline, year 2, and year 4 follow-up visits. Results: In multiple-adjusted models, vitamin D-3 supplementation decreased serum hs-CRP levels by 19% at 2-year follow-up (nominal p = 0.007; p-value after multiple comparison adjustment = 0.028), but not at 4-year follow-up (nominal and adjusted p-values > 0.05). The effects of vitamin D-3 on other inflammatory markers were not statistically significant either at year 2 or year 4 (all adjusted p-values > 0.05). Marine n-3 FAs were not significantly associated with changes of all the above inflammatory markers either at years 2 and 4, after multiple comparison adjustment (all p-values > 0.05). Conclusions: Vitamin D-3 supplementation with or without n-3 FAs decreased hs-CRP by 19% at year 2, but not other inflammatory biomarkers at year 2 or year 4, while n-3 FAs with or without vitamin D-3 did not significantly affect these biomarkers at either time point. Our findings support a potential role of vitamin D supplementation in modulating the chronic inflammatory process, systemic inflammation, and possibly autoimmune disease progression.
The Physiological Effect of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (n-3 PUFAs) Intake and Exercise on Hemorheology, Microvascular Function, and Physical Performance in Health and Cardiovascular Diseases; Is There an Interaction of Exercise and Dietary n-3 PUFA Intake?; Physical activity has a beneficial effect on systemic hemodynamics, physical strength, and cardiac function in cardiovascular (CV) patients. Potential beneficial effects of dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid on hemorheology, vascular function, inflammation and potential to improve physical performance as well as other CV parameters are currently investigated. Recent meta-analysis suggests no effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation on CV function and outcomes of CV diseases. On the other hand, some studies support beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs dietary intake on CV and muscular system, as well as on immune responses in healthy and in CV patients. Furthermore, the interaction of exercise and dietary n-3 PUFA intake is understudied. Supplementation of n-3 PUFAs has been shown to have antithrombotic effects (by decreasing blood viscosity, decreasing coagulation factor and PAI-1 levels and platelet aggregation/reactivity, enhancing fibrinolysis, but without effects on erythrocyte deformability). They decrease inflammation by decreasing IL-6, MCP-1, TNF alpha and hsCRP levels, expression of endothelial cell adhesion molecules and significantly affect blood composition of fatty acids. Treatment with n-3 PUFAs enhances brachial artery blood flow and conductance during exercise and enhances microvascular post-occlusive hyperemic response in healthy humans, however, the effects are unknown in cardiovascular patients. Supplementation of n-3 PUFAs may improve anaerobic endurance and may modulate oxygen consumption during intense exercise, may increase metabolic capacity, enhance endurance capacity delaying the onset of fatigue, and improving muscle hypertrophy and neuromuscular function in humans and animal models. In addition, n-3 PUFAs have anti-inflammatory and anti-nociceptive effects and may attenuate delayed-onset muscle soreness and muscle stiffness, and preserve joint mobility. On the other hand, effects of n-3 PUFAs were variably observed in men and women and they vary depending on dietary protocol, type of supplementation and type of sports activity undertaken, both in healthy and cardiovascular patients. In this review we will discuss the physiological effects of n-3 PUFA intake and exercise on hemorheology, microvascular function, immunomodulation and inflammation and physical performance in healthy persons and in cardiovascular diseases; elucidating if there is an interaction of exercise and diet.
Gamma-linolenic acid induces apoptosis and lipid peroxidation in human chronic myelogenous leukemia K562 cells; Various polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), inhibit the growth of a variety of tumor cells. Some evidence indicates that polyunsaturated fatty acid can kill cells by apoptosis. In the current study, we tested the apoptotic effect of GLA on human chronic myelogenous leukemia K562 cells. GLA induced K562 cell death in a dose-dependent manner. Typical apoptotic nuclei were shown by staining of K562 cells with DNA-binding fluorochrome Hoechst 33342, characterized by chromatin condensation and nuclear fragmentation. Flow cytometric analysis also demonstrated that GLA caused dose-dependent apoptosis of K562 cells. The apoptosis could be inhibited by a pan-caspase inhibitor (z-VAD-fmk), suggesting the involvement of caspases. Further, release of cytochrome c, activation of caspase-3 and cleavage of PARP were found in GLA-induced apoptosis. GLA treatment could also elevate lipid peroxidation in K562 cells, and antioxidant alpha-tocopherol could reverse the cytotoxicity of GLA. The saturated fatty acid SA, which did not exhibit significant increase in lipid peroxidation, also did not induce cytotoxicity. Intracellular GSH was also determined, and there was no marked change of GSH levels in cells after incubation with GLA compared with the control. These results demonstrate that GLA could induce apoptosis in K562 cells. Apoptosis is mediated by release of cytochrome c, activation of caspase-3. Lipid peroxidation may play a role in GLA cytotoxicity. (C) 2009 International Federation for Cell Biology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of fatty acid profiles of aorta and internal mammary arteries in patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Atherosclerosis represents the principal cause of death in the many societies. Since few data have been published about the composition of fatty acids in atherosclerotic arteries such as the aorta comparing to the non affected internal mammary artery which is used for aortocoronary bypass grafting, we compared the fatty acid profiles of atherosclerotic aorta and internal mammary arteries in human individuals.
Seafood (wild and farmed) for the elderly: Contribution to the dietary intakes of iodine, selenium, DHA and vitamins B12 and D; A large body of published data was analyzed to determine the concentrations of DHA, vitamins B12 and D, iodine, selenium in seafood (finfish and shellfish, wild and farmed, seawater and freshwater). The data on apparent consumption per inhabitant were taken from statistics prepared by OFIMER. This was used to determine the mean consumption of the main products of seafood in France in 2004 and the mean intakes of people aged 65 years and over. Not enough seafood is consumed by older people, according to the French recommended dietary allowances (french RDA), seafood provides 25% of the vitamin D RDA, 56% of the vitamin B12 RDA, 28% of iodine RDA, 23% of selenium RDA and 203% of DHA french RDA. For DHA, mean intake is aprox. 100% of international RDA. Seafood is the only class of food that provides major fractions of all these elements. We therefore recommend that older people increase their consumption of seafood to counteract the potential problems due to the low concentrations of these elements in their usual diets; this could overcome a potentially major public health problem. All elderly people would benefit from an increased intake of vitamin D and 1312, iodine and selenium. Although some segments of the population seem not to lack DHA, others, such as those whose socio-economic positions or life styles restrict their seafood intakes, would benefit greatly from an increased intake of this omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid.
Rationale for prescription omega-3-acid ethyl ester therapy for hypertriglyceridemia: A primer for clinicians; Very high triglyceride (TG) levels may cause pancreatitis. Elevated TG levels are also often, but not always, a risk factor for atherosclerotic coronary heart disease. Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids found in the oil of fish and other seafood that, when consumed, lower TG levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular events. Prescription omega-3-acid (P-OM3) ethyl ester is a fish oil formulation that has undergone the rigorous regulatory steps required to obtain U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval as a prescription drug. P-OM3 is derived from marine fish, which are high in omega-3 fatty acids. While omega-3 fatty acids may sometimes increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in hypertriglyceridemic patients, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) levels are often decreased. This has clinical significance because: 1) non-HDL-C sums the cholesterol carried by atherogenic lipoproteins beyond that of LDL-C alone; 2) non-HDL-C is a better predictor of atherogenic risk compared to LDL-C alone; and 3) after LDL-C treatment goals have been reached, non-HDL-C is a recommended secondary lipid treatment target in patients with persistent TG >= 200 mg/dl. This paper reviews the U.S. treatment indications for P-OM3, clinical evaluation of hyper-triglyceridemic patients, importance of elevated TG levels, relevant TG biochemistry and metabolism, illustrative genetic dyslipidemias, lipid treatment recommendations, fat and fatty acid biochemistry, omega-3 fatty acid biochemistry, and the basis behind recommending omega-3 fatty acids to reduce cardiovascular risk. Finally, this review examines P-OM3's lipid and cardiovascular effects, safety, and tolerability, as well as its practical role in patient management.
The Effects of Omega-3 and Branched-Chain Amino Acids Supplementation on Serum Apoptosis Markers Following Acute Resistance Exercise in Old Men; The potential benefits of omega-3 fatty acids and branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) supplements on exercise-induced apoptosis are not clear. In a crossover randomized study, 11 men (age = 62.8 +/- 2.2 years) performed an acute bout of resistance exercise and underwent 1-week supplementation with either 20 g of BCAA or 2,700 mg of omega-3/day. Subjects performed the same exercise after supplementation protocols. Following a 3-week washout period, subjects switched groups. Circulating levels of soluble Fas ligand (sFasL), cytochrome c, Bax, Bcl-2, and nuclear factor-kappa B were measured before and immediately after exercise sessions. sFasL, cytochrome c, and Bax increased after exercise. Simple main effect of time on sFasl was significant in control trial but not in omega-3 and BCAA trials. There were no differences in nuclear factor-kappa B and Bcl-2 between control and supplement trials. This study showed that adding omega-3 fatty acids or BCAA to the dietary regime of old men could partially attenuate resistance exercise-induced apoptosis.
Erythrocyte omega-3 fatty acids increase and linoleic acid decreases with age: Observations from 160,000 patients; Background: The fatty acid (FA) composition of the red blood cell (RBC) has been reported to provide prognostic information regarding risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). In particular, the Omega-3 Index (RBC eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid, EPA + DHA) has been shown to be independently and inversely related to risk for sudden cardiac death and for acute coronary syndromes. Higher linoleic acid (n-6) and lower trans FA levels have also been associated with improved CHD outcomes. Accordingly, the RBC FA panel has recently been introduced in routine clinical laboratory testing.
The effects of pemafibrate and omega-3 fatty acid ethyl on apoB-48 in dyslipidemic patients treated with statin: A prospective, multicenter, open-label, randomized, parallel group trial in Japan (PROUD48 study); Background: We compared the lowering effects of pemafibrate and omega-3 fatty acid ethyl on fasting apolipoprotein (apo) B-48 (apoB-48), a marker that reflects postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, which is one of the residual risks for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) with statin treatment.Methods: This prospective, multicenter, open-label, randomized, parallel group trial was conducted at 4 medical institutions between April 2020 and May 2022. A total of 126 ambulatory patients with dyslipidemia receiving statin treatment for more than 4 weeks, aged 20-79 years with fasting triglyceride (TG) levels of >= 177 mg/dl were randomly assigned to 16-week pemafibrate 0.4 mg per day treatment group (PEMA, n = 63) or omega-3 fatty acid ethyl 4 g per day treatment group (OMEGA-3, n = 63). The primary endpoint was the percentage change in fasting apoB-48 from baseline to week 16.Results: The percentage changes in fasting apoB-48 in PEMA and OMEGA-3 were -50.8% (interquartile range -62.9 to -30.3%) and -17.5% (-38.3 to 15.3%) (P < 0.001), respectively. As the secondary endpoints, the changes in fasting apoB-48 in PEMA and OMEGA-3 were -3.10 mu g/ml (-5.63 to -1.87) and -0.90 mu g/ml (-2.95 to 0.65) (P < 0.001), respectively. Greater decreases with significant differences in the percentage changes in TG, remnant lipoprotein cholesterol, apoC-III, fasting plasma glucose, alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, and alkaline phosphatase were observed in PEMA, compared with OMEGA-3. Greater increases with significant differences in those in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apoA-I, and apoA-II were observed in PEMA, compared with OMEGA-3. PEMA showed anti-atherosclerotic lipoprotein profiles in gel-permeation high-performance liquid chromatography analyses, compared with OMEGA-3. Although adverse events occurred in 9 of 63 (14.3%) patients in PEMA and 3 of 63 (4.8%) patients in OMEGA-3, no serious adverse events associated with drug were observed in either group.Conclusions: This is the first randomized trial to compare the lowering effects of pemafibrate and omega-3 fatty acid ethyl on fasting apoB-48. We concluded that pemafibrate was superior to omega-3 fatty acid ethyl in lowering effect of fasting apoB-48. Pemafibrate is expected to reduce the residual risk for ASCVD with statin treatment.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids as antioxidants; The susceptibility of fatty acids to oxidation is thought to be directly dependent on their degree of unsaturation. However, some in vitro and in vivo studies suggest that the relation between chemical structure and susceptibility to oxidation is not as straightforward as hypothesized from theoretical viewpoints. Indeed, long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) might be less oxidizable than others under specific experimental conditions. We investigated the free radical-scavenging potential of PUFA and the production of reactive oxygen/nitrogen (ROS/RNS) species by human aortic endothelial cells (HAECs) supplemented with different fatty acids. Fatty acid micelles scavenged superoxide in an unsaturation-dependent manner, up to eicosapentaenoic acid, which was the most effective fatty acid. Supplementation of HAEC with polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega 3 series resulted in lower formation of ROS, as compared with cells supplemented with saturates, monounsaturates, or polyunsaturates of the omega 6 series. This effect was maximal at concentrations of 10 mu M. The effects of omega 3 fatty acids on reactive species production appear to be stronger when ROS were evaluated, as a milder, albeit significant effect was observed on RNS generation. Based on in vivo data showing reduced excretion of lipid peroxidation products after omega 3 intake and our data on ROS production and direct superoxide scavenging by LC-PUFAs, notably those of the omega 3 series, we propose that this series of fatty acid might act as indirect anti- rather than pro-oxidant in vascular endothelial cells, hence diminishing inflammation and, in turn, the risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Omega-3 fatty acids (Fish Oils) and Aspirin in Vascular access OUtcomes in REnal Disease (FAVOURED) study: the updated final trial protocol and rationale of post-initiation trial modifications; Background: The FAVOURED study is an international multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial which commenced recruitment in 2008 and examines whether omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs) either alone or in combination with aspirin will effectively reduce primary access failure of de novo arteriovenous fistulae (AVF) in patients with stage 4 and 5 chronic kidney disease. Publication of new evidence derived from additional studies of clopidogrel and a high screen failure rate due to prevalent aspirin usage prompted an updated trial design.
Enrichment of meat with n-3 fatty acids; Meat is a natural food supplying important nutrients (essential fatty acids, amino acids, vitamins, minerals). The concentration of meat components depends among others on management, gender, age, and feeding of the animals in particular. Studies in bulls of different race and in lambs have shown that feeding on pasture significantly increases the concentration of n-3 fatty acids in muscles and fatty tissues. Linseed oil added to the feed concentrate also increases the n-3 fatty concentration in pig muscles. In this way the quotient of the total of n-6 and n-3 fatty acids may be lowered to the recommended value of 5 : 1 and even less. Fattening on pasture hence is a means of increasing the physiological meat quality and of practicing lifestock management according to the animals' requirements.
Plant-Based Nutrition: An Essential Component of Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Management; Purpose of Review This review aims to summarize and discuss the role of plant-based nutrition as an adjunct to the management of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Discussion of nutrition and the benefits of a plant-based diet should be highlighted during healthcare provider visits as an essential part of the overall CVD prevention andmanagement care plan.
Environmental air pollution is an aggravating event for sudden unexpected death in epilepsy; It is extremely difficult to estimate the occurrence of sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP). On the other hand, discovering and carefully evaluating new risk factors that may contribute to the onset of cardiovascular abnormalities in people with refractory epilepsy may prevent fatal events in these individuals. In this context, we should not ignore that urban air pollution is a leading problem for environmental health and is able to cause serious cardiovascular dysfunctions that culminate in sudden death. In this regard, we aimed to determine whether environmental exposure to air pollution is an aggravating event for SUDEP.
Association of Red Blood Cell Omega-3 Fatty Acids With MRI Markers and Cognitive Function in Midlife The Framingham Heart Study; Background and ObjectivesDiet may be a key contributor to brain health in midlife. In particular, omega-3 fatty acids have been related to better neurologic outcomes in older adults. However, studies focusing on midlife are lacking. We investigated the cross-sectional association of red blood cell (RBC) omega-3 fatty acid concentrations with MRI and cognitive markers of brain aging in a community-based sample of predominantly middle-aged adults and further explore effect modification by APOE genotype.MethodsWe included participants from the Third-Generation and Omni 2 cohorts of the Framingham Heart Study attending their second examination. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) concentrations were measured from RBC using gas chromatography, and the Omega-3 index was calculated as EPA + DHA. We used linear regression models to relate omega-3 fatty acid concentrations to brain MRI measures (i.e., total brain, total gray matter, hippocampal, and white matter hyperintensity volumes) and cognitive function (i.e., episodic memory, processing speed, executive function, and abstract reasoning) adjusting for potential confounders. We further tested for interactions between omega-3 fatty acid levels and APOE genotype (e4 carrier vs noncarrier) on MRI and cognitive outcomes.ResultsWe included 2,183 dementia-free and stroke-free participants (mean age of 46 years, 53% women, 22% APOE-e4 carriers). In multivariable models, higher Omega-3 index was associated with larger hippocampal volumes (standard deviation unit beta & PLUSMN;standard error; 0.003 & PLUSMN; 0.001, p = 0.013) and better abstract reasoning (0.17 & PLUSMN; 0.07, p = 0.013). Similar results were obtained for DHA or EPA concentrations individually. Stratification by APOE-e4 status showed associations between higher DHA concentrations or Omega-3 index and larger hippocampal volumes in APOE-e4 noncarriers, whereas higher EPA concentrations were related to better abstract reasoning in APOE-e4 carriers. Finally, higher levels of all omega-3 predictors were related to lower white matter hyperintensity burden but only in APOE-e4 carriers.DiscussionOur results, albeit exploratory, suggest that higher omega-3 fatty acid concentrations are related to better brain structure and cognitive function in a predominantly middle-aged cohort free of clinical dementia. These associations differed by APOE genotype, suggesting potentially different metabolic patterns by APOE status. Additional studies in middle-aged populations are warranted to confirm these findings.
Specific behavioral and cellular adaptations induced by chronic morphine are reduced by dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Opiates, one of the oldest known drugs, are the benchmark for treating pain. Regular opioid exposure also induces euphoria making these compounds addictive and often misused, as shown by the current epidemic of opioid abuse and overdose mortalities. In addition to the effect of opioids on their cognate receptors and signaling cascades, these compounds also induce multiple adaptations at cellular and behavioral levels. As omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) play a ubiquitous role in behavioral and cellular processes, we proposed that supplemental n-3 PUFAs, enriched in docosahexanoic acid (DHA), could offset these adaptations following chronic opioid exposure. We used an 8 week regimen of n-3 PUFA supplementation followed by 8 days of morphine in the presence of this diet. We first assessed the effect of morphine in different behavioral measures and found that morphine increased anxiety and reduced wheel-running behavior. These effects were reduced by dietary n-3 PUFAs without affecting morphine-induced analgesia or hyperlocomotion, known effects of this opiate acting at mu opioid receptors. At the cellular level we found that morphine reduced striatal DHA content and that this was reversed by supplemental n-3 PUFAs. Chronic morphine also increased glutamatergic plasticity and the proportion of Grin2B-NMDARs in striatal projection neurons. This effect was similarly reversed by supplemental n-3 PUFAs. Gene analysis showed that supplemental PUFAs offset the effect of morphine on genes found in neurons of the dopamine receptor 2 (D2)-enriched indirect pathway but not of genes found in dopamine receptor 1(D1)-enriched direct-pathway neurons. Analysis of the D2 striatal connectome by a retrogradely transported pseudorabies virus showed that n-3 PUFA supplementation reversed the effect of chronic morphine on the innervation of D2 neurons by the dorsomedial prefontal and piriform cortices. Together these changes outline specific behavioral and cellular effects of morphine that can be reduced or reversed by dietary n-3 PUFAs.
Dietetic guidelines: diet in secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (first update, June 2003); Aim To update dietetic guidelines summarizing the systematic review evidence on dietary advice to prevent further events in people with existing cardiovascular disease (CVD) (secondary prevention).
Identification of Fatty Acids in Edible Wild Plants by Gas Chromatography; Human beings evolved on a diet that was balanced in the omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and was high in antioxidants. Edible wild plants provide alpha-linolenic acid and PUFA. Today, we know that omega-3 fatty acids are essential for normal growth and development and may play an important role in the prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes, arthritis, other inflammatory and autoimmune disorders, and cancer. Comparison of obtained results from analysis of fatty acids of edible plant oils showed that Solanum oil has the highest nutritional value because it contains high contents of linoleic acid (62.29%) and oleic acid (8.6%) and Asparagus oil has high nutritional value because it contains 66.12% oleic acid and 9.6% linoleic acid. Comparison of results of this study with reported results by Artemis (2004) showed that palmetic acid (34.48%) and estearic acid (21.71%) contents of portulaca in this study were greater than the results reported by Artemis. Therefore, we can conclude that Solanum and Asparagus oil are edible and have good nutritive values.
Effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on depressive symptoms, anxiety and emotional state in patients with acute myocardial infarction; Background: Our aim was to assess whether an early introduced n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) supplementation affects depression symptoms, anxiety and emotional state in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and no history of mental disorders.
The Role of Omega-3 Unsaturated Fatty Acids in the Modification of Arrhythmogenesis; Over the past 30 years there has been an increasing interest in the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have anti-inflammatory, antiarrhythmic and anti-aggregating effects. They are used in the treatment of hypertension, hyperlipidemia and rheumatic arthritis. Recently, attention has been drawn to the antiarrhythmic effect of omega-3 acids, particularly DHA. However, numerous studies on animal models and observations in humans have not elucidated the mechanism of the antiarrhythmic effect of omega-3 acids. This study aims at presenting the mechanism and the role of omega-3 PUFAs in the modification of the arrhythmogenic process (Adv Clin Exp Med 2011, 20, 3, 385-390).
Effect of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Regression of Coronary Atherosclerosis in Statin Treated Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Background and Objectives: Statins remain the mainstay of secondary coronary artery disease (CAD) prevention, but n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA) display biological effects that may also reduce the risk of atherosclerosis and CAD. However, data on the possible antiatherosclerotic benefits of adding omega-3 PUFA to statin therapy are limited. This study aimed to investigate the potential additive effects of omega-3 PUFA on regression of atherosclerosis in CAD patients receiving statin therapy and stent implantation.
Ratio of dietary ω-3 and ω-6 fatty acids-independent determinants of muscle mass-in hemodialysis patients with diabetes; Objective: and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential nutrients in the human diet and possibly affect muscle mass. We evaluated the association between the dietary ratios of omega- and omega-6 PUFAs and muscle mass, indicated as skeletal muscle mass (SMM) and appendicular skeletal muscle mass (ASM), in patients with diabetes undergoing hemodialysis (HD).
Nutritional manipulation of primate retinas, II: Effects of age, n-3 fatty acids, lutein, and zeaxanthin on retinal pigment epithelium; PURPOSE. To study the effects of age and of n - 3 fatty acids, lutein, and zeaxanthin on the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE).
Current and Emerging Therapies for Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Reduction in Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is a prevalent medical condition in patients with cardiometabolic risk factors and is associated with an increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), if left undiagnosed and undertreated. Current guidelines identify HTG as a risk-enhancing factor and, as a result, recommend clinical evaluation and lifestyle-based interventions to address potential secondary causes of elevated triglyceride (TG) levels. For individuals with mild to moderate HTG at risk of ASCVD, statin therapy alone or in combination with other lipid-lowering medications known to decrease ASCVD risk are guideline-endorsed. In addition to lifestyle modifications, patients with severe HTG at risk of acute pancreatitis may benefit from fibrates, mixed formulation omega-3 fatty acids, and niacin; however, evidence does not support their use for ASCVD risk reduction in the contemporary statin era. Novel therapeutics including those that target apoC-III and ANGPTL3 have shown to be safe, well-tolerated, and effective for lowering TG levels. Given the growing burden of cardiometabolic disease and risk factors, public health and health policy strategies are urgently needed to enhance access to effective pharmacotherapies, affordable and nutritious food options, and timely health care services.
Pharmacological, nutritional, and nutritional properties of flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum): An insight into its functionality and disease mitigation; Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) is derived from the flax plant, an annual herb. The primary relevance of flaxseed is in the human nutrition sector, where it is emerging as a significant functional food component due to its high level of active chemicals, which have been linked to health benefits. Flaxseed may be consumed in numerous forms, including milled, oil, and bakery items. The phytochemicals that are present in flaxseed have greatly drawn interest as bioactive molecules beneficial for health. It is naturally enriched with alpha-linolenic acid, omega-3 fatty acid, lignin, secoisolariciresinol diglucoside, and fiber which are physiologically active in the protection of some chronic illnesses such as cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular stroke. Furthermore, the benefits of flaxseed eating have been demonstrated in the animal nutrition industry, resulting in healthier food from animal origin. In reality, the fatty acid profile of meat and fat in swine and poultry is directly impacted by the source of fat in the diet. Feeding omega-3-enriched diets with flaxseed will improve the omega-3 content in eggs and meat, enriching the products. The current study focuses on the latest evidence on the chemical makeup of flaxseed and its positive benefits.
Synergistic Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Oral-Hypoglycemic Drug on Lipid Normalization through Modulation of Hepatic Gene Expression in High Fat Diet with Low Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats; Type 2 diabetes mellitus, which an outcome of impaired insulin action and its secretion, is concomitantly associated with lipid abnormalities. The study was designed to evaluate the combinational effect of omega-3 fatty acids (flax and fish oil) and glibenclamide on abnormal lipid profiles, increased blood glucose, and impaired liver and kidney functions in a high fat diet with low streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats, including its probable mechanism of action. The male Wistar rats (n = 48) were distributed into eight groups. All animal groups except the healthy received a high fat diet (HFD) for 90 days. Further, diabetes was developed by low dose STZ (35 mg/kg). Diabetic animals received, omega-3 fatty acids (500 mg/kg), along with glibenclamide (0.25 mg/kg). Both flax and fish oil intervention decreased (p <= 0.001) serum triglycerides and very low density lipoprotein and elevated (p <= 0.001) high density lipoprotein levels in diabetic rats. Total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein level was decreased (p <= 0.001) in fish oil-treated rats. However, it remained unaffected in the flax oil treatment group. Both flax and fish oil intervention downregulate the expression of fatty acid metabolism genes, transcription factors (sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1c and nuclear factor-kappa beta), and their regulatory genes i.e., acetyl-coA carboxylase alpha, fatty acid synthase, and tumor necrosis factors-alpha. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma gene expression was upregulated (p <= 0.001) in the fish oil treatment group. Whereas, carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 and fatty acid binding protein gene expression were upregulated (p <= 0.001) in both flax and fish oil intervention group.
The role of eicosapentaenoic acid in reducing important cardiovascular events, including coronary revascularization; The omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid has an important role in human health. The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) examined the prescription omega-3 fatty acid icosapent ethyl (IPE) in patients with established cardiovascular disease (CVD) or with diabetes plus additional CVD risk factors. The trial found a large reduction in CVD events, including significant reductions in CVD death, myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization, and hospitalization for unstable angina. These results led to the regulatory approval of IPE in a population similar to REDUCE-IT participants in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and the European Union. Moreover, multiple international guidelines have endorsed the use of IPE in such individuals. A secondary analysis of REDUCE-IT examined the endpoint of coronary artery revascularization. This analysis showed a significant reduction not only in coronary revascularization overall but also in elective, urgent, and emergent coronary revascularization. Additionally, IPE significantly reduced the need for both percutaneous coronary intervention and for coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Coronary imaging studies have demonstrated significant decreases in rates of plaque progression with IPE, with significant effects within 6-9 months. In parallel, experimental findings corroborate several effects of IPE that provide mechanisms that could contribute to the profound reductions in multiple types of ischemic events, including percutaneous and surgical coronary revascularization. Future trials should explore potential benefits of initiation of IPE at the time of revascularization in broader populations, potentially in conjunction with loading doses. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Preoperative carbohydrate load and intraoperatively infused omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids positively impact nosocomial morbidity after coronary artery bypass grafting: a double-blind controlled randomized trial; Background: A strategy of limited preoperative fasting, with carbohydrate (CHO) loading and intraoperative infusion of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFA), has seldom been tried in cardiovascular surgery. Brief fasting, followed by CHO intake 2 h before anesthesia, may improve recovery from CABG procedures and lower perioperative vasoactive drug requirements. Infusion of omega-3 PUFA may reduce occurrences of postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) and shorten hospital stays. The aim of this study was to assess morbidity (especially POAF) in ICU patients after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG)/cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) in combination, if preoperative fasts are curtailed in favor of CHO loading, and omega-3 PUFA are infused intraoperatively.
Five-lipoxygenase inhibitors reduce PANC-1 survival: The mode of cell death and synergism of MK886 with gamma linolenic acid; The 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors ETYA, SC41661A and MK 886 reduced the proliferation and viability of Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells. The extent of inhibition depended upon drug concentration and with continued culture, cells detached and stained with trypan blue. Although results from flow cytometry were those associated with programmed cell death, despite repeated attempts, no DNA laddering consistent with its later stages was detected and studies with the TUNEL assay were negative. Light and electron microscopy of cells cultured with SC41661A provided morphologic evidence of a population of "dark" cells and of an incompletely expressed type 1 programmed cell death including margination of chromatin at the nuclear membrane and by consolidation and degeneration of cytoplasmic organelles, along with extensive vacuolization. Cells cultured with MK886 exhibited compact "dark" cells and an unusual cytoplasmic mode of cell death characterized by vacuolization and widely separated smooth infernal membranes without diagnostic nuclear changes. This is in marked contrast to the extensive type 1 PCD induced by 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors cultured with human U937 monoblastoid cells. On balance the response of Panc-1 cells to MK886 suggests expression of a valiant type 2 (autophagic) cellular suicide, although some contribution from components of a "cytoplasmic" (type 3?) form of non-necrotic cell death may also be considered. In a European clinical trial, gamma linolenic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid that generates free radicals has been combined with 5-fluorouracil as chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer. Panc- 1 cell proliferation was insensitive to inhibition by several chemotherapeutic agents employed clinically, including 5-fluorouracil, cisplatin or gemcitabine and only somewhat sensitive to GLA. When gamma linolenic acid was combined with MK886 the more effective of the two 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors, a synergistic reduction in Panc-1 cell number and viability occurred.
Understanding why REDUCE-IT was positive - Mechanistic overview of eicosapentaenoic acid; The REDUCE-IT study found that patients at elevated risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) who were already taking statins obtained a marked benefit by taking 4 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl esters (icosapent ethyl, IPE; Vascepa) over about 5 years. Although approved for triglyceride (TG) lowering, IPE had only a modest TG-lowering effect in REDUCE-IT, largely because median TG levels were relatively low already. Hence the question of what mechanisms IPE might be working through is of great interest. At present, it appears that the best mechanistic candidates would be anti-platelet effects and/or anti-inflammatory effects. Whatever the cause, the powerful effects of IPE on CVD risk have renewed interest in the clinical utility of omega-3 fatty acids. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Inhibit Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER) Stress in Human Coronary Artery Endothelial Cells; The biological effects of fatty acids differ by their structure. Saturated fatty acids and trans-fatty acids are recognized as promoters of coronary artery disease (CAD), while monounsaturated and omega-3 fatty acids may have salutary effects. Since cellular stress is recognized as a fundamental driver of CAD, the effect of these fatty acids on endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in human coronary artery endothelial cells (HCAECs) was measured using the ER stress-responsive alkaline phosphatase (ES-TRAP) assay. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (EPA-EE) suppressed ER stress induced with pharmacologic (tunicamycin) and physiologic (high-dextrose concentration) ER stress inducers. In tunicamycin-treated cells, DHA reduced the expression of unfolded protein response (UPR) markers such as phosphorylation of inositol requiring enzyme 1 alpha (IRE1 alpha) and protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK) and increased activating transcription factor 6 (ATF6) and glucose regulated protein 78 (GRP78) expression. Similarly, treatment with both oleic acid and arachidonic acid, but not elaidic acid (a trans-fatty acid), suppressed both tunicamycin and high-dextrose-induced ER stress while treatment with saturated fatty acids (C14 : 0, C16 : 0, and C18 : 0) enhanced both tunicamycin and high-dextrose-induced ER stress. The latter fatty acids at higher concentrations caused cytotoxicity. These results indicate that omega-3 fatty acids as well as select unsaturated fatty acids and arachidonic acid suppress ER stress in HCAEC.
Eicosapantaenoic acid treatment based on the EPA/AA ratio in patients with coronary artery disease: follow-up data from the Tochigi Ryomo EPA/AA Trial in Coronary Artery Disease (TREAT-CAD) study; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) administration has been reported to decrease the incidence of cardiovascular events, and the serum EPA/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio has been identified as a potential new risk marker for coronary artery disease (CAD). The present study aimed to investigate the value of EPA treatment based on the EPA/AA ratio at baseline. We retrospectively analyzed clinical outcome data from 149 CAD patients with a baseline EPA/AA ratio 0.4 who had received purified EPA (EPA group) or not (no EPA group) and CAD patients with an EPA/AA ratio > 0.4 who had not received EPA (control group). The baseline EPA/AA ratios were similar in the EPA and no EPA groups and were significantly lower than those in the control group (P < 0.0001). The EPA/AA ratio significantly increased in the EPA group (P < 0.0001) and the no EPA group (P < 0.001) but not in the control group. The cumulative incidence of cardiovascular death tended to be lower in the EPA group (log-rank test: P = 0.07). Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis demonstrated that the cut-off value of the target EPA/AA ratio after EPA treatment for all-cause death was 1.23 (AUC = 0.85, P = 0.016). These results suggest that EPA treatment may improve the long-term prognosis in CAD patients with an EPA/AA ratio 0.4 and that an EPA/AA ratio > 1.2 may be an appropriate EPA treatment target value to reduce mortality.
Fats, lipids and blood coagulation; Saturated and n-3 fatty acids, postprandial lipaemia, and the combined effects of fatty acids and lipid-lowering drugs have been of principal interest in recent studies in the field of dietary fats. lipids and haemostasis. The sex-specific effect of individual saturated fatty acids on coagulation factor VII activity has been discovered, and the significant effect of factor VII R353Q polymorphism on the postprandial response has also been found. An increased intake of n-3 fatty acids or fat reduction when combined with intensive lifestyle interventions may lead to reduced thrombotic potential in type 2 diabetic patients and obese individuals. Furthermore, positive effects on haemostasis by combined treatment with long-chain n-3 fatty acids and simvastatin indicate that n-3 fatty acids may be of some relevance with lipid-lowering drugs. The possible unfavourable effect of n-3 fatty acids on plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 activity is still a matter of dispute, but recent studies suggest that n-3 fatty acids, including alpha -linolenic acid, may have antithrombotic effects by enhancing protein C activity. Curr Opin, Lipidol 12:25-29. (C) 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Linolenic Acid Provides Multi-cellular Protective Effects After Photothrombotic Cerebral Ischemia in Rats; Alpha-linolenic acid (LIN) has been shown to provide neuroprotective effects against cerebral ischemia. LIN is a potent activator of TREK-1 channel and LIN-induced neuroprotection disappears in Trek1-/- mice, suggesting that this channel is directly related to the LIN-induced resistance of brain against ischemia. However, the cellular mechanism underlying LIN induced neuroprotective effects after ischemia remains unclear. In this study, using a rat photochemical brain ischemia model, we investigated the effects of LIN on the protein abundance of astrocytic glutamate transporter and AQP4, microglia activation, cell apoptosis and behavioral recovery following ischemia. Administration of LIN rescued the protein abundance of astrocytic glutamate transporter GLT-1, decreased the protein abundance of AQP4 and brain edema, inhibited microglia activation, attenuated cell apoptosis and improved behavioral function recovery. Meanwhile, TREK-1 was widely distributed in the cortex and hippocampus, primarily localized in astrocytes and neurons. LIN could potentiate the TREK-1 mediated astrocytic passive conductance and hyperpolarize the membrane potential. Our results suggest that LIN provides multiple cellular neuroprotective effects in cerebral ischemia. TREK-1 may serve as a promising multi-mechanism therapeutic target for the treatment of stroke.
Marine n-3 PUFA protects hearts from I/R injury via restoration of mitochondrial function; Objectives. Overwhelming evidence shows that dietary supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) elicits protective effects on patients with cardiovascular disease. However, the detailed mechanisms underlying n-3 PUFA-mediated cardioprotection are unknown, and examined in the present study. Methods: We evaluated heart performances with Langendorff perfusion apparatus. Meanwhile, whole mitochondria were purified from non-perfused hearts for functional assessment, and lipid peroxidation level was measured as well. Results. Compared with control groups, hearts from n-3 PUFA-supplemented rats showed improved functional recovery and reduced tissue injury following ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). Furthermore, the mitochondrial function of PUFA-treated hearts was significantly enhanced, as demonstrated by biochemical analysis of respiratory chain activity. In addition, thiobarbituric acid-reactive substance or TBARS assay revealed that lipid peroxidation product, malondialdehyde or MDA, in the mitochondria was significantly reduced by PUFA treatment. Conclusion. Taken together, our data indicate that marine n-3 PUFA could improve cardiac performance after I/R injury by restoring mitochondrial respiratory activities and attenuating lipid peroxidation.
ω-3 oil intake during weight loss in obese women results in remodelling of plasma triglyceride and fatty acids; Previous studies have shown that a combination of weight loss and fish oil supplementation reduce cardiovascular disease and diabetes risks by increasing adiponectin and reducing triacylglyceride concentrations, while weight loss alone significantly improves insulin sensitivity and reduces inflammation. Here, a metabolomic approach, using a combination of H-1-Nuclear Magnetic Resonance spectroscopy, and gas and liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry, was employed to elucidate the metabolic changes in blood plasma following weight loss and fish oil supplementation. The intervention study was conducted over 24 weeks, with 93 female subjects randomised to one of three groups. Two groups followed a 12-week weight loss program, followed by a 12-week weight maintenance period and were randomised to fish or placebo oil capsules; a control group did not follow the weight loss program and were given placebo oil capsules. Lipid profiles changed dramatically upon fish oil intake and subtly across the two weight loss groups. While the fish oil supplementation increased the proportion of various phospholipid species, previously reported reductions in total triacylglycerides (TAGs) upon fish oil intake were shown to be driven by a reduction in a specific subset of the measured TAGs. This remodelling of triglycerides may represent further beneficial effects of fish oil supplementation.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 long-chain fatty acids in breast cancer and cardiovascular diseases: voltage-gated sodium channels as a common feature?; Cancers are among the leading causes of death worldwide. Voltage-gated sodium channels, among other ion channels, appear as new molecular players in epithelial cancers. Highly metastatic breast cancer cells express Na(v)1.5, the main isoform expressed in cardiac cells, where the current generated by the flux of sodium ions is responsible for the excitability. Breast cancer cells are not excitable and the protein activity regulates cell invasiveness, through the modulation of activity of acidic cathepsins, a characteristic involved in the metastatic phenotype. Interestingly, it is known that omega-3 LC-PUFA can exert beneficial effects by preventing post-myocardial infarction arrhythmias and by reducing the incidence of metastatic breast cancer.
OPTIMAL DIET FOR REDUCING THE RISK OF ARTERIOSCLEROSIS; The primary objectives of current dietary advice for those at risk from coronary artery disease (CAD) focus on progressive restriction of dietary saturated (and trans) fatty acids and cholesterol intake, combined with exercise and achievement of ideal body weight. These principles are endorsed by the official bodies of most western nations concerned with reducing CAD mortality and have recently been reaffirmed by the Ault Treatment Panel of the National Cholesterol Education Program. There has been concern, however, in view of the increasing use of drug therapy, that additional strategies should supplement the primary goals to increase the palatability and effectiveness of the diet. These additional strategies include increased intake of foods high in soluble viscous fibres, vegetable proteins, possibly antioxidants such as vitamin E and the isoflavonoids, increased intake of alpha-linolenic acid and for those with low high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, increased monounsaturated fat intake. These strategies translate into advice to significantly increase consumption of specific plant foods such as green leafy vegetables, nuts and seeds, and dried legumes, all of which improve the overall nutritional quality of the diet and contain specific active ingredients. These changes represent a regression to a more primitive diet on the evolutionary scale.
DEPENDENCE OF TEMPERATURE ON LOSS RATES OF ROTIFERS, LIPIDS, AND OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS IN STARVED BRACHIONUS-PLICATILIS CULTURES; Rotifer cultures of Brachionus plicatilis (SINTEF-strain, length 250 mum) rich in omega3 fatty acids were starved for > 5 days at variable temperature (0-18-degrees-C). The net specific loss rate of rotifer numbers were 0.04 day- 1 (range 0-0.08 day-1) at 5-18-degrees-C, but reached values up to 0.25 day-1 at 0-3-degrees-C. The loss rate was independent on culture density (range 40-1 000 ind ml-1), but was to some extent dependent on the initial physiological state of the rotifers (i.e., egg ratio).
Association between blood polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors; In contrast to the cumulative evidence suggesting the inverse association of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with depression, few studies have examined the association of n-6 PUFAs with depression. In particular, no study has examined the relationship between n-6 PUFAs and depression in cancer patients. Thus, we conducted this cross-sectional study to comprehensively examine the association of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs with depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors. Adults who had been diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and were not undergoing chemotherapy were enrolled. Blood PUFA composition was determined using capillary blood. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Among 126 participants, the mean age (standard deviation) was 58 (11) years and 47% had stage I cancer. Multiple regression analysis controlling for possible confounders revealed that the level of total n-6 PUFAs and linoleic acid was significantly associated with the HADS total score (beta = 0.175, p = 0.046 for total n-6 PUFAs; beta = 0.174, p = 0.048 for LA). No significant associations were found for other PUFAs. These findings provide the first evidence suggesting that a higher blood level of total n-6 PUFAs and linoleic acid is significantly associated with higher depressive symptoms among breast cancer survivors. Further studies should examine the positive effects of a reduction in n-6 PUFAs on depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors using prospective studies, including randomized control trials.
Preliminary evidence that acute long-chain omega-3 supplementation reduces cardiovascular reactivity to mental stress: A randomized and placebo controlled trial; Objective: Exaggerated cardiovascular reactivity predicts cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Some evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids improve cardiovascular function. The objective of this study was to examine the influence of an acute low dose of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids on young, healthy individuals.
Effect of Omega-3 and Vitamins E plus C Supplements on the Concentration of Serum B-Vitamins and Plasma Redox Aminothiol Antioxidant Status in Elderly Men after Strength Training for Three Months; Background: Data on redox plasma aminothiol status in individuals on strength training are very limited. Therefore, we studied the effect of omega-3 and vitamins E + C supplementation on the concentration of B-vitamins and redox aminothiol status in elderly men after strength training for 3 months. Methods: Healthy men, age 60 6 (mean SD) were randomly divided into 3 groups: group I received placebo (n = 17), group II consumed omega-3 (700 mg, n = 17), and group Ill consumed vitamins E + C (235 mg +1 g, n = 16) daily for 3 months. All participants completed a strength training program for the same period. Results: The concentration of serum vitamin B12 decreased and the concentration of serum folate increased in group I after the intervention (p = 0.01, p = 0.009). The concentration of plasma 5-pyridoxal phosphate decreased in groups II and Ill (p = 0.03 and p = 0.01), whereas the concentration of serum uric acid decreased only in group II (p = 0.02). We detected an increase in the concentration of reduced form of aminothiols in all groups (p < 0.001). The red/ox plasma aminothiol status was significantly changed in all groups after the intervention (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Omega-3 and vitamins E + C supplementation affect the concentrations of serum B-vitamins and redox plasma aminothiol status in healthy elderly men on strength training. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations are associated with erythrocyte levels of <i>n</i>-3 PUFA but not risk of CVD; Increasing evidence suggests that the status of vitamin D and n-3 PUFA is associated with the risk of CVD. Major dietary sources of vitamin D include fish and fish products, which are also rich in n-3 PUFA; however, the relationship between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and tissue contents of n-3 PUFA remains unknown. The present study investigates the hypothesis that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and erythrocyte n-3 PUFA levels are positively correlated in patients with CVD. We recruited sixty CVD cases and matched them with sixty healthy controls based on age, sex and season during which blood was drawn for the study. As serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels increased, erythrocyte levels of docosapentaenoic acid, DHA, omega-3 index and total n-3 PUFA increased significantly, while erythrocyte levels of stearic acid and total SFA decreased significantly, after adjusting for age, sex, BMI and smoking. Partial correlation analysis also showed that erythrocyte n-3 PUFA levels were positively correlated (r 0.215; P=0.021) and total SFA content was negatively correlated (r - 0.263; P=0.004) with serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. However, multiple logistic regression analysis showed that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were not significantly associated with the risk of CVD, after adjusting or not adjusting for age, sex, BMI and smoking. In conclusion, the results of our case-control study suggest that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels are positively related to erythrocyte n-3 PUFA levels, but are not associated with the risk of CVD in this population.
The cardiac antiarrhythmic effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid; Each year in the United States alone some 250,000 persons die within one hour of an acute myocardial infarction. These deaths are largely due to ischemia-induced ventricular arrhythmias, primarily ventricular fibrillation (VF). Thus a safe, simple means of preventing such arrhythmias has considerable public health benefit potential. We have demonstrated that the intravenous infusion of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish oils will prevent ischemia-induced VF in prepared, nonanesthetized, exercising dogs, confirming earlier feeding studies in rats. We show that this protective effect is due to an action of the free acidic form of the PUFA to alter the electrophysiology of individual cardiac myocyte so that the cells are electrically more stable. The electrophysiologic effects, in turn, result from direct and specific effects of the PUFA to block the fast voltage-dependent sodium channels. The binding of the free fatty acids is directly to the protein of the sodium channels and results in prolongation of the inactivated state of these channels. Other ion channels are also affected by the PUFA. Two clinical trials with n-3 PUFA are mentioned which inadvertently support the antiarrhythmic potential of PUFA ingestion.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Capsular Tissue around the Breast Implants; Background:
Dietary treatment to lower cholesterol and triglyceride and reduce cardiovascular risk; Purpose of review To provide an update on dietary measures to lower levels of LDL-C and triglyceride and reduce cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes. Recent findings Fifty-year follow-up in the Seven Countries Study confirmed that cholesterol levels correlate with saturated fat intake and all-cause mortality and age at death. In the PURE study, refined carbohydrate increased CVD risk whereas saturated fat did not despite increasing LDL-C levels; limitations are discussed. Reports on CVD risk with eggs provide conflicting results. Plant-based diets with healthful complex carbohydrates reduced CVD. The REDUCE-IT trial lowered triglyceride 21.6% and reduced CVD events 26.1% with an omega-3 fatty acid, An omega-3 fatty acid index at least 4% with EPA and docosahexaenoic acid prevented coronary plaque progression. A clinician guide to counsel patients on nutrition and heart healthy diets was recently published. Based on the evidence, individuals should continue to minimize saturated fats and refined carbohydrates, eliminate trans-fat and increase fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, and fish or other omega-3 fatty acids. Adhering to a Mediterranean diet is strongly recommended because of lowering CVD and total mortality. High-dose omega-3 fatty acids lower triglyceride, reduce CVD and prevent coronary plaque progression.
Highlights of Cardiovascular Disease Prevention Studies Presented at the 2022 European Society of Cardiology Congress; Purpose of Review Focused review of select studies presented at the 2022 European Society of Cardiology Congress.
From Galapagos to the labs: Darwinian medicine and epilepsy today; In 1991, a mummy frozen in ice was found by climbers in the Tyrolean Alps. Otzi the Iceman has since been studied in the light of evolutionary explanations for diseases. This year, which marks Charles Darwin's 200th birthday and the 150th anniversary of his publication On the Origin of Species, should re-ignite discussion of the importance of the correlation between nutritional diet and diseases. Epilepsy is one of the commonest diseases in the world. Individuals with epilepsy are at higher risk of death than the general population, and Sudden unexpected death (SUDEP) is the most important direct epilepsy-related Cause of death. A number of factors may influence the risk for SUDEP. Along these lines, several studies have demonstrated that polyunsaturated (omega-3) fatty acids may reduce the risk of cardiovascular mortality, and diminish neuronal excitability. Also, omega-3 fatty acids may decrease seizure frequency, contributing to the reduction of SUDEP risk. Reconstruction of the nutritional patterns of Stone Age humans and optimal human nutrition in the present may be relevant to the prevention and treatment of chromic diseases such as epilepsy and the catastrophic evolution into epilepsy refractoriness and SUDEP. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Inhibitory effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids on apoptosis induced by etoposide, okadaic acid and AraC in Neuro2a cells; Neuronal apoptosis is involved in neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. An efficient means of preventing it remains to be found. Some n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) have been reported to be protective against the neuronal apoptosis and neuronal degeneration seen after spinal cord injury (SCI) [1]. However, it is unclear which kinds of PUFAs have the most potent ability to inhibit neuronal apoptosis and whether the simultaneous treatment of PUFAs inhibits the apoptosis. In the present study, we compared the abilities of various n-3- and n-6-PUFAs to inhibit the apoptosis induced after the administration of different apoptotic inducers, etoposide, okadaic acid, and AraC, in mouse neuroblastoma cells (Neuro2a). Preincubation with DHA (22:6n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3), alpha-linolenic acid (alpha-LNA, 18:3n-3), linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6), arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-3), and gamma-linolenic acid (gamma-LNA, 18:3n-6) significantly inhibited caspase-3 activity and LDH leakage but simultaneous treatment with the PUFAs had no effect on the apoptosis of Neuro2a cells. There were no significant differences of the anti-apoptotic effect among the PUFAs. These results suggest that PUFAs may not be effective for inhibiting neuronal cell death after acute and chronic neurodegenerative disorders. However, dietary supplementation with PUFAs may be beneficial as a potential means to delay the onset of the diseases and/or their rate of progression.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid interactions and breast cancer incidence: a population-based case-control study on Long Island, New York; Purpose: Experimental studies demonstrate that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) inhibit inflammatory eicosanoids generated by omega-6 PUFAs. Epidemiologic studies on dietary omega-3 PUFA intake show consistent inverse associations with breast cancer incidence among Asian populations, where omega-3, relative to omega-6, intake is high. In contrast, associations are inconsistent among Western populations, where intake of omega-3, relative to omega-6, is low. We hypothesized that examining interactions between omega-3 and omega-6 would help elucidate the PUFA-breast cancer association in the United States.
Photo-manipulated polyunsaturated fatty acid-doped liposomal hydrogel for flexible photoimmunotherapy; Despite the synergy of immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) therapy and photodynamic therapy (PDT) holds great promise as countermeasures against breast cancer, exploring long-term or flexible short-time therapeutic strategies in "cold" tumors remains a great challenge. Here, we present a polyunsaturated fatty acid-doped liposomal hydrogel Lp(DHA)@CP Gel loaded with photosensitizer chlorin e6 (Ce6) and programmed death-ligand 1 antibody (alpha PD-L1) for flexible local photoimmunotherapy with merely singledosed administration. The presence of polyunsaturated fatty acid (docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) doped in particle membrane endows liposomes with flexibly reactive oxygen species (ROS)-responsive release capability, which was attributed to the presence of abundant unsaturated groups. The alpha PD-L1 was repeatedly induced to in situ release in response to the PDT under photo-exposure. The immunogenic cell death (ICD) effect of PDT evoked "cold" breast tumor to "hot" one, and then assisted the cascade released alpha PD-L1 to synergistically boost the immunotherapy. After a single dose of peritumoral administration of Lp(DHA)@CP Gel, the on-demand treatment can maximize patient compliance and safety by adjusting therapeutic behaviors via a photo on-off switch. This work presents a flexible medication platform, showing promise in improving the objective response rate of ICB therapy and minimizing its systemic toxicity. (c) 2024 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Chinese Chemical Society and Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.
Red blood cell omega-3 fatty acids and the risk of ventricular arrhythmias in patients with heart failure; Background Epidemiological studies support the protective effect of omega-3 fatty acids on sudden cardiac death. However, patients with structural heart disease and an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) showed no effect or even a proarrhythmic response to fish oil supplementation. Animal studies suggest different electrophysiologic effects of circulating and incorporated omega-3 fatty acids.
Farmed Atlantic salmon (<i>Salmo salar L.</i>) is a good source of long chain omega-3 fatty acids; The limited amount of fish oils available has resulted in an increased use of vegetable oils in the feed for farmed fish, such as Atlantic salmon. The aim of this study was to evaluate how this has affected the fatty acid (FA) composition of farmed Atlantic salmon and to compare the FA composition of 20 farmed Atlantic salmon with that of 20 wild Atlantic salmon caught in the sea. Fillet fat of farmed salmon was about 12%, which is twice that found in wild salmon. The FA composition of the farmed salmon confirmed a substantial inclusion of vegetable oils in the feed, but the total amount of long chain n-3 FA present in the fillets of farmed salmon was higher than in the wild fish. A standard portion of farmed Atlantic salmon fillet (200 g) provides approximately 2 g of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which is four times higher than the minimum daily intakes recommended by the UK's Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition and the World Health Organisation.
Therapeutic use of omega-3 fatty acids in severe head trauma; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) has long been recognized as the leading cause of traumatic death and disability. Tremendous advances in surgical and intensive care unit management of the primary injury, including maintaining adequate oxygenation, controlling intracranial pressure, and ensuring proper cerebral perfusion pressure, have resulted in reduced mortality. However, the secondary injury phase of TBI is a prolonged pathogenic process characterized by neuroinflammation, excitatory amino acids, free radicals, and ion imbalance. There are no approved therapies to directly address these underlying processes. Here, we present a case that was intentionally treated with substantial amounts of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3FA) to provide the nutritional foundation for the brain to begin the healing process following severe TBI. Recent animal research supports the use of n-3FA, and clinical experience suggests that benefits may be possible from substantially and aggressively adding n-3FA to optimize the nutritional foundation of severe TBI patients and must be in place if the brain is to be given the opportunity to repair itself to the best possible extent. Administration early in the course of treatment, in the emergency department or sooner, has the potential to improve outcomes from this potentially devastating public health problem.
Effects of Long-Term Thyroid Hormone Level Alterations, n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation and Statin Administration in Rats; Thyroid hormones (THs) play multiple roles in the organism and alterations of their levels can result in many pathological changes. Currently, we use hyperthyroid and hypothyroid rats as "models of a diseased organism" and analyze whether n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) administration can ameliorate TH-induced pathophysiological changes. We investigate myosin heavy chain composition, calsequestrin levels, changes in cardiac tissue remodeling and cell-to-cell communication, expression of protein kinases, mitochondrial functions, oxidative stress markers and cell death, changes in serum lipid levels, activities of key enzymes of thyroid hormone metabolism, activity of acetylcholine esterase and membrane anisotropy, as well as mobile behavior and thermal sensitivity. Additionally we also mention our pilot experiments dealing with the effect of statin administration on skeletal muscles and sensory functions. As THs and n-3 PUFA possess multiple sites of potential action, we hope that our complex research will contribute to a better understanding of their actions, which can be useful in the treatment of different pathophysiological events including cardiac insufficiency in humans.
Health effects of oleic acid and long chain omega-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA) enriched milks. A review of intervention studies; Substitution of dietary saturated fat by oleic acid and/or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been described to reduce the cardiovascular risk by reducing blood lipids, mainly cholesterol. Additional benefits have been described for long chain omega-3 PUFA (eicosapentaenoic acid-EPA and docosahexaenoic acid-DHA) from fish oils. In recent years, food technology has been used to produce dairy drinks with a reduced content of saturated fat in favour of those fatty acids, most of them claiming cardiovascular benefits. This review summarises all the scientific evidence regarding the effects of milks enriched with long chain omega-3 PUFA (EPA + DHA) and/or oleic acid on cardiovascular health. Nine controlled intervention studies with enriched milks have reported effects on healthy volunteers, subjects with increased risk factors and cardiovascular patients. The main effects observed were reductions of blood lipids, mainly cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, fish, and nonfatal acute myocardial infarction; Background-The relation between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), fish intake, and risk of coronary heart disease is controversial.
Higher Maternal Plasma n-3 PUFA and Lower n-6 PUFA Concentrations in Pregnancy Are Associated with Lower Childhood Systolic Blood Pressure; Background: Suboptimal maternal diet during pregnancy might lead to fetal cardiovascular adaptations with persistent consequences in the offspring.
Flaxseed for Health and Disease: Review of Clinical Trials; Background: Flaxseed (Linum usitatissimum) is an oil-based seed that contains high amounts of alpha-linolenic acid, linoleic acid, lignans, fiber and many other bioactive components which is suggested for a healthier life. Nowadays, flaxseed is known as a remarkable functional food with different health benefits for humans and protects against cardiovascular disease, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity and altogether metabolic syndrome.
Plasma levels of marine n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular risk markers in renal transplant recipients; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular (CV) disease is the leading cause of death after renal transplantation. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) exert potential cardio-protective metabolic effects and might reduce CV morbidity and mortality in renal transplant recipients (RTRs).
Plasma fatty acid composition in French-Canadian children with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Effect of n-3 PUFA supplementation; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents one of the most common causes of liver disease worldwide. As the NAFLD pathogenesis is associated with diet and lifestyle, the aims of the present work are to assess fatty acid (FA) composition in NAFLD young French-Canadian, to determine whether treatment with n-3 FA improves the plasma FA profile, and to define the time on the effectiveness of n-3 FA supplementation. Baseline characteristics of the NAFLD subjects show increased, anthropometric and biochemical parameters. Their plasma FA composition is characterized by a percent increase in total n-6 FA and a high proportion of saturated and total monounsaturated FA, as well as a decrease in Delta 5 and increase in Delta 6 desaturases. In conclusion, our results document for the first time the composition of plasma FAs in NAFLD young French Canadian and the efficacy of 3-month supplementation to improve the proportion of n-3 FA in their plasma. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Dietary sources, metabolism, and significance - A review; Linoleic acid (LA) (n-6) and a-linolenic acid (ALA) (n-3) are essential fatty acids (EFAs) as they cannot be synthesized by humans or other higher animals. In the human body, these fatty acids (FAs) give rise to arachidonic acid (ARA, n-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, n-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, n-3) that play key roles in regulating body homeostasis. Locally acting bioactive signaling lipids called eicosanoids derived from these FAs also regulate diverse homeostatic processes. In general, ARA gives rise to pro-inflammatory eicosanoids whereas EPA and DHA give rise to anti-inflammatory eicosanoids. Thus, a proportionally higher consumption of n-3 PUFAs can protect us against inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and other chronic diseases. The present review summarizes major sources, intake, and global consumption of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs. Their metabolism to biosynthesize long-chain PUFAs and eicosanoids and their roles in brain metabolism, cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, and bone health are also discussed.
The content of docosahexaenoic acid in serum phospholipid is inversely correlated with plasma homocysteine levels in patients with end-stage renal disease; Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) have a high morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular disease. An elevated homocysteine level is an independent predictor of cardiovascular events in patients with ESRD. Interestingly, some studies have found an inverse relationship between the content of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and homocysteine levels, but data are ambiguous. In patients with ESRD, we hypothesized that serum phospholipid n-3 PUFA content would inversely correlate with homocysteine levels in plasma and that supplementation with n-3 PUFA would reduce plasma homocysteine levels. In a double-blind, randomized, controlled design, 206 patients with documented cardiovascular disease and treated with hemodialysis for a minimum of 6 months were randomized to treatment with daily supplement of 1.7 g n-3 PUFA or placebo (olive oil) for 3 months. The content of n-3 PUFA in serum phospholipids and homocysteine levels in plasma were measured at baseline and after 3 months of intervention. A dietary questionnaire was filled out at baseline, and study participants were divided into groups of low, intermediate, and high fish intake. Docosahexaenoic acid was inversely correlated with homocysteine at baseline (coefficient = -0.161; P = .03). Homocysteine was not related to self-reported fish intake. Supplementation with n-3 PUFA did not reduce homocysteine levels compared with placebo (mean +/- SD difference, 0.3 +/- 7.8 versus 0.3 +/- 7.1; P = .58). The content of docosahexaenoic acid in serum phospholipids is inversely correlated with plasma homocysteine levels, and supplementation with n-3 PUFA does not reduce homocysteine levels in patients with ESRD. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Awareness of Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Possible Health Effects among Young Adults; Purpose: To assess awareness of omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) and their possible health effects among young adults.
The effect of plant sterols and different low doses of omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil on lipoprotein subclasses; Scope: Consumption of a low-fat spread enriched with plant sterols (PS) and different low doses (<2 g/day) of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) from fish oil reduces serum triglycerides (TGs) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-Chol) and thus beneficially affects two blood lipid risk factors. Yet, their combined effects on TG and Chol in various lipoprotein subclasses have been investigated to a limited extent.
Effect of Citalopram in Combination with Omega-3 on Depression in Post-menopausal Women: A Triple Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction: Depressive disorder is a common and disabling disorder that causes high rates of morbidity and mortality. Citalopram is an antidepressant drug, of the Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor (SSRI) class that has been used for geriatric depression since a long time ago. Prescription of omega-3 in geriatric depression has been increased recently; because of more favorable profile of their side effects. Some of the studies reported that omega-3 is effective in prevention or treatment of depressive disorders than Citalopram. However, there are contradictory studies too.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Suppress Experimental Autoimmune Uveitis in Association with Inhibition of Th1 and Th17 Cell Function; Omega (omega)-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) inhibit the production of inflammatory mediators and thereby contribute to the regulation of inflammation. Experimental autoimmune uveitis (EAU) is a well-established animal model of autoimmune retinal inflammation. To investigate the potential effects of dietary intake of omega-3 LCPUFAs on uveitis, we examined the anti-inflammatory properties of these molecules in comparison with omega-6 LCPUFAs in a mouse EAU model. C57BL/6 mice were fed a diet containing omega-3 LCPU-FAs or omega-6 LCPUFAs for 2 weeks before as well as after the induction of EAU by subcutaneous injection of a fragment of human interphotoreceptor retinoid-binding protein emulsified with complete Freund's adjuvant. Both clinical and histological scores for uveitis were smaller for mice fed omega-3 LCPUFAs than for those fed omega-6 LCPUFAs. The concentrations of the T helper 1 (Th1) cytokine interferon-gamma and the Th17 cytokine interleukin-17 in intraocular fluid as well as the production of these cytokines by lymph node cells were reduced for mice fed omega-3 LCPUFAs. Furthermore, the amounts of mRNAs for the Th1- and Th17-related transcription factors T-bet and ROR gamma t, respectively, were reduced both in the retina and in lymph node cells of mice fed omega-3 LCPUFAs. Our results thus show that a diet enriched in omega-3 LCPUFAs suppressed uveitis in mice in association with inhibition of Th1 and Th17 cell function.
Diet and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Among Individuals with Familial Hypercholesterolemia: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Although a cholesterol-lowering diet and the addition of plant sterols and stanols are suggested for the lipid management of children and adults with familial hypercholesterolemia, there is limited evidence evaluating such interventions in this population. Objectives: To investigate the impact of cholesterol-lowering diet and other dietary interventions on the incidence or mortality of cardiovascular disease and lipid profile of patients with familial hypercholesterolemia. Search methods: Relevant trials were identified by searching US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health Metabolism Trials Register and clinicaltrials.gov.gr using the following terms: diet, dietary, plant sterols, stanols, omega-3 fatty acids, fiber and familial hypercholesterolemia. Selection criteria: Randomized controlled trials evaluating the effect of cholesterol-lowering diet or other dietary interventions in children and adults with familial hypercholesterolemia were included. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently assessed the eligibility of the included trials and their bias risk and extracted the data which was independently verified by other colleagues. Results: A total of 17 trials were finally included, with a total of 376 participants across 8 comparison groups. The included trials had either a low or unclear bias risk for most of the assessed risk parameters. Cardiovascular incidence or mortality were not evaluated in any of the included trials. Among the planned comparisons regarding patients' lipidemic profile, a significant difference was noticed for the following comparisons and outcomes: omega-3 fatty acids reduced triglycerides (mean difference (MD): -0.27 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.47 to -0.07,p< 0.01) when compared with placebo. A non-significant trend towards a reduction in subjects' total cholesterol (MD: -0.34, 95% CI: -0.68 to 0, mmol/L,p= 0.05) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: -0.31, 95% CI: -0.61 to 0, mmol/L,p= 0.05) was noticed. In comparison with cholesterol-lowering diet, the additional consumption of plant stanols decreased total cholesterol (MD: -0.62 mmol/L, 95% CI: -1.13 to -0.11,p= 0.02) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: -0.58 mmol/L, 95% CI: -1.08 to -0.09,p= 0.02). The same was by plant sterols (MD: -0.46 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.76 to -0.17,p< 0.01 for cholesterol and MD: -0.45 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.74 to -0.16,p< 0.01 for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol). No heterogeneity was noticed among the studies included in these analyses. Conclusions: Available trials confirm that the addition of plant sterols or stanols has a cholesterol-lowering effect on such individuals. On the other hand, supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids effectively reduces triglycerides and might have a role in lowering the cholesterol of patients with familial hypercholesterolemia. Additional studies are needed to investigate the efficacy of cholesterol-lowering diet or the addition of soya protein and dietary fibers to a cholesterol-lowering diet in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Physiological and Pathological Considerations for the Use of Flaxseed as a Therapeutic Dietary Strategy; The inclusion of flaxseed in the diet may have a great number of potential benefits for the well-being of both healthy individuals and those challenged by disease conditions as well. With an increase in the number and quality of studies focused on the physiological and pathophysiological effects of dietary flaxseed, our knowledge concerning the rationale for the inclusion of flaxseed in our diet has become more convincing and stronger. The purpose of this review is threefold. First, the review will comprehensively document the evidence supporting the value of dietary flaxseed to improve bodily health in both normal and disease conditions. Second, this review will identify the mechanisms of action responsible for these effects. Finally, this article will review practical aspects relevant to the inclusion of flaxseed in the diet. Briefly, supplementing the diet with flaxseed has beneficial effects on the treatment and/or prevention of different kinds of cardiovascular disease (hypertension, ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarcts, atherosclerosis), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, breast cancer, bone strength, menopause, diabetes, and wound healing. Although some controversy exists on the component within flaxseed that provides these beneficial actions, it is likely that the rich content of the omega-3 fatty acid, alpha linolenic acid, is primarily responsible for the majority of these biological effects. It is concluded that the constantly expanding evidence in support of the inclusion of flaxseed in our daily diet to provide significant health benefits strongly encourages the initiation of additional work on dietary flaxseed in order to both confirm past findings as well as to further advance our knowledge regarding the important biological actions of dietary flaxseed.
Icosapent ethyl, a pure EPA omega-3 fatty acid: Effects on plasma and red blood cell fatty acids in patients with very high triglyceride levels (results from the MARINE study); Introduction: Icosapent ethyl (IPE) is a high-purity prescription form of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ethyl ester. We evaluated IPE's effects on plasma and red blood cell (RBC) fatty acids (FA) and the relationship to triglyceride (TG) lowering.
Tin and low-density lipoprotein fatty acids in plasma from patients with acute myocardial infarction; To generate hypotheses about the role of elements in oxidation of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) in heart disease, we have examined at the correlations of plasma elements with the fatty acids of the LDL in 24 survivors of acute myocardial infarction and 29 controls. In the larger study of which these were subgroups, we had observed increased saturates in the phospholipids (PL) and reduced saturates in the cholesteryl esters (CE) of the LDL in the myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Tin (Sn) correlated positively with both PL and CE saturates although much more significantly with the latter. Also in the MI group were reduced LDL n-6 fatty acids in PL and reduced LDL n-3 fatty acids in CE. Plasma Sn correlated negatively with both PL n-6 fatty acids and CE n-3 fatty acids in LDL. We conclude that it is important to study the role of Sn in relation to changes in LDL fatty acids in heart disease.
Fish, shellfish, and long-chain n-3 fatty acid consumption and risk of incident type 2 diabetes in middle-aged Chinese men and women; Background: Long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids, found mainly in fish, have been postulated to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, the role of long-chain n-3 fatty acids and fish intake in the development of T2D remains unresolved.
SUPPRESSION OF ATHEROGENESIS BY N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN THE CHOLESTEROL-FED RABBIT; The effects of n-3 fatty-acid supplementation on serum lipids, platelet aggregation, and the development of atherosclerotic lesions were studied in the cholesterol-fed rabbit.  Serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol values were significantly reduced in comparison with those of the nonsupplemented cholesterol-fed group (p < 0.005, p < 0.0025, respectively), though still higher than those of the control group (p < 0.0025, p < 0.0125 respectively).  Platelet aggregation was reduced below that of the cholesterol-fed and the control levels (p < 0.0005, p < 0.0025, respectively).  The endothelial injury encountered in cholesterol-fed rabbits was inhibited in the supplemented group.  It is concluded that n-3 fatty acids suppress atherogenesis in this animal model by interfering with platelet aggregation and lipid metabolism.
Therapeutic Efficacy of an ω-3-Fatty Acid-Containing 17-β Estradiol Nano-Delivery System against Experimental Atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis and its consequences remain prevalent clinical challenges throughout the world. Initiation and progression of atherosclerosis involves a complex, dynamic interplay among inflammation, hyperlipidemia, and endothelial dysfunction. A multicomponent treatment approach targeted for delivery within diseased vessels could prove beneficial in treating atherosclerosis. This study was undertaken to evaluate the multimodal effects of a novel omega-3-fatty acid-rich, 17-beta-estradiol (17-beta E)-loaded, CREKA-peptide-modified nanoemulsion system on experimental atherosclerosis. In vitro treatment of cultured human aortic endothelial cells (ECs) with the 17-beta E-loaded, CREKA-peptide-modified nanoemulsion system increased cellular nitrate/ nitrite, indicating improved nitric oxide formation. In vivo, systemic administration of this nanoemulsion system to apolipoprotein-E knock out (ApoE(-/-)) mice fed a high-fat diet significantly improved multiple parameters related to the etiology and development of occlusive atherosclerotic vasculopathy: lesion area, circulating plasma lipid levels, and expression of aortic-wall inflammatory markers. These salutary effects were attributed selectively to the 17-beta E and/or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid components of the nano-delivery system. At therapeutic doses, the 17-beta E-loaded, CREKA-peptide modified nanoemulsion system appeared to be biocompatible in that it elicited no apparent adverse/toxic effects, as indexed by body weight, plasma alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase levels, and liver and kidney histopathology. The study demonstrates the therapeutic potential of a novel, 17-beta E-loaded, CREKA-peptide-modified nanoemulsion system against atherosclerosis in a multimodal fashion by reducing lesion size, lowering the levels of circulating plasma lipids and decreasing the gene expression of inflammatory markers associated with the disease.
The effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids on the severity and mortality of COVID patients: A systematic review; Background: Covid-19 mortality is largely associated with a severe increase in inflammatory cytokines and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in modulating immune pathways and inflammatory responses; so this study was done to evaluate the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids on the prognosis of Covid-19 disease. Methods and materials: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science. For systematic identification, the search was performed based on the following keywords COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2, COVID, Coronavirus Disease 19, SARS COV-2 Infection, SARS-CoV-2, COVID19, Coronavirus Disease, Fatty Acids, Omega-3, Omega-3 Fatty Acid, Omega-6, n 3 Fatty and Omega-9 in the mentioned databases, using OR, and AND. All searched articles were included in the study and retrieved, and End-Note X7 software was used to manage the studies. Results: Findings on the relationship between omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and the risk of Covid-19 are various, but omega-3 supplements have been found to be 12 to 21% effective in reducing the risk of Covid-19. Most studies emphasized the increasing severity of the disease and the need for mechanical ventilation and hospitalization due to polyunsaturated fatty acid deficiency. It is also demonstrated that omega-3 fatty acid deficiency increased mortality in patients with Covid-19. However, there is also a warning that in critical cases, elevated levels of fatty acids in patients' lungs and a cytokine storm are the main reasons for mortality in Covid-19 patients. Conclusion: Polyunsaturated fatty acids can reduce the risk of covid-19 which could be considered as a pre-ventative, inexpensive and safe method. However, the risk of taking high-dose omega-3 supplements before or during SARS-COV-2 infection needs to be investigated.
Cannabinoids and omega-3/6 endocannabinoids as cell death and anticancer modulators; Cannabinoids-endocannaboids are possible preventatives of common diseases including cancers. Cannabinoid receptors (CB1/2, TRPV1) are central components of the system. Many disease-ameliorating effects of cannabinoids-endocannabinoids are receptor mediated, but many are not, indicating non-CBR signaling pathways. Cannabinoids-endocannabinoids are anti-inflammatory, anti-proliferative, anti-invasive, anti-metastatic and pro-apoptotic in most cancers, in vitro and in vivo in animals. They signal through p38, MAPK, JUN, PI3, AKT, ceramide, caspases, MMPs, PPARs, VEGF, NF-kappa B, p8, CHOP, TRB3 and pro-apoptotic oncogenes (p53,p21 waf1/cip1) to induce cell cycle arrest, autophagy, apoptosis and tumour inhibition. Paradoxically they are pro-proliferative and anti-apoptotic in some cancers. Differences in receptor expression and concentrations of cannabinoids in cancer and immune cells can elicit anti- or pro-cancer effects through different signal cascades (p38MAPK or PI3/AKT). Similarities between effects of cannabinoids-endocannabinoids, omega-3 LCPUFA and CLAs/CLnAs as anti-inflammatory, anti-angiogenic, anti-invasive anti-cancer agents indicate common signaling pathways. Evidence in vivo and in vitro shows EPA and DHA can form endocannabinoids that: (i) are ligands for CB1/2 receptors and possibly TRPV-1, (ii) have non-receptor mediated bioactivity, (iii) induce cell cycle arrest, (iii) increase autophagy and apoptosis, and (iv) augment chemotherapeutic actions in vitro. They can also form bioactive, eicosanoid-like products that appear to be non-CBR ligands but have effects on PPARs and NF-kB transcription factors.
Omega-3 fatty acids and resistance of the myocardium to ischemia-induced ventricular arrhythmias; Animal experiments have clearly indicated that a diet rich in saturated fatty acids is associated with a high incidence of ischemia- and reperfusion- induced ventricular arrhythmias, whereas dietary fatty acids of either the (n-6) or (n-3) family reduce that risk. In humans, existing evidence suggests that an intake of (n-3) fatty acids (about I g daily), in the form of supplements or, alternatively, by eating at least two large (about 200 g) servings of fatty fish per week, will help to prevent sudden cardiac death (SCD). Despite a possible beneficial effect on the risk of SCD, (n-6) fatty acids should not be recommended because of a probable negative effect on other cause of death. Experimental, clinical and epidemiological studies, and randomized trials, did clearly demonstrate that (n-3) fatty acids reduce the risk of SCD. Their clinical use is now encouraged and their prescription should be logically included in the treatment and secondary prevention of CHD. The hypothesis that they may prevent ventricular arrhythmia and SCD in patients at high risk (for instance in secondary prevention of SCD) is currently being tested in specific ongoing trials.
<i>PCSK9</i> variant, long-chain n-3 PUFAs, and risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction in Costa Rican Hispanics; Background: Previous studies have indicated that the cardioprotective effects of long-chain (LC) n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may vary across various ethnic populations. Emerging evidence has suggested that the gene-environment interaction may partly explain such variations. Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) was shown to have a mutually regulating relation with LC n-3 PUFAs and also to reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Therefore, we hypothesized that certain PCSK9 genetic variants may modify the association between LC n-3 PUFA intake and CVD risk.
The antiarrhythmic and anticonvulsant effects of dietary n-3 fatty acids; It has been shown in animals and probably in humans, that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are antiarrhythmic. We report recent studies on the antiarrhythmic actions of PUFAs. The PUFAs stabilize the electrical activity of isolated cardiac myocytes by modulating sarcolemmal ion channels, so that a stronger electrical stimulus is required to elicit an action potential and the refractory period is markedly prolonged. Inhibition of voltage-dependent sodium currents, which initiate action potentials in excitable tissues, and of the L-type calcium currents, which initiate release of sarcoplasmic calcium stores that increase cytosolic free calcium concentrations and activate the contractile proteins in myocytes, appear at present to be the probable major antiarrhythmic mechanism of the PUFAs.
Maternal supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids and micronutrients reduces cardiometabolic variables in pregnancy induced hypertension rats; Aims: Reports indicate that during pregnancy hypertension is known to have long term adverse effects both in the mother and offspring. However, the effect of maternal micronutrient supplementation on this association of in utero exposure and risk of non-communicable diseases in the later life remains unclear. The present study examines the effect of maternal micronutrient and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation either individual or in combination on cardiometabolic risk factors both in the mother and offspring using an animal model of hypertension.
The Mediterranean diet in secondary prevention of coronary heart disease; Epidemiological studies as well as randomised dietary trials suggest that Mediterranean diet may be important in relation to the pathogenesis and prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD). A striking protective effect of a Mediterranean diet rich in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) was reported in the Lyon Diet Heart Study with a 50 to 70% reduction of the risk of recurrence after four years of follow-up in CHD patients. According to current knowledge, dietary ALA should represent about 0.6 to 1% of total daily energy or about 2 g per day in patients who follow a traditional Mediterranean diet. Supplementation with very long chain omega-3 fatty acids (c.1g per day) in patients following a Mediterranean type of diet was shown to decrease the risk of cardiac death by 30% and of sudden cardiac death by 45% in the GISST trial. Thus, in the context of a diet rich in oleic acid, poor in saturated fats and not high in omega-6 fatty acids (a dietary pattern characterizing the traditional Mediterranean diet), even a small dose of very long chain omega-3 fatty acids (one gram under the form of capsules) might be very protective. These data underline the importance of the accompanying diet in any dietary strategy using fatty acid complements.
Rapid Drop in Coronary Heart Disease Mortality in Czech Male Population-What Was Actually behind It?; The high mortality of coronary heart disease (CHD) among Czech men-one of the highest worldwide-began to decline in 1991 soon after the abolition of government subsidies to all foodstuffs rich in animal fat. As participants in the WHO MONICA Project, we were able to analyze the CHD risk factors just before and after this major economic change. We had previously documented that the originally subsidized prices decreased animal fat consumption and consequently non-HDL cholesterol concentrations in the population. By the early 1990s, no progress had been made in the treatment of acute myocardial infarction, statins were unavailable as was not the currently more effective antihypertensive therapy. Our recent research proved a close relationship between cholesterolemia and proinflammatory macrophages in adipose tissue and accelerated macrophage polarization with increased palmitate and palmitoleate contents in cell membrane phospholipids. By contrast, the proportion of proinflammatory macrophages decreases with increasing presence of n-3 fatty acids in the cell membrane. The combination of non-HDL cholesterol drop and a decreased proportion of proinflammatory macrophages due to replacement of alimentary fat decreased CHD mortality immediately.
Blood and tissue fatty acid compositions, lipoprotein levels, performance and meat flavor of broilers fed fish oil: changes in the pre- and post-withdrawal design; Administration of fish oil (FO) in broiler diets can elevate alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) levels, which are protective against cardiovascular disease. However, optimization based solely on n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) enrichment in chicken meat could lead to lower meat quality, unless the withdrawal period (plan) is applied for 1 week. The present study investigated whether the incorporation of FO in the diet for 32 days followed by its withdrawal for 1 week affected blood lipid profiles, lipoprotein particles, performance and meat flavor in male broiler chickens. Two hundred and forty birds (1-day-old, Ross 308) were assigned to 1 of 4 dietary groups:0%, 1%, 2% or 3% FO with four replicates. Broilers were fed for 49 days according to a 4-phase feeding program. The experimental phase comprised day 11 to 42, and FO was removed on day 42. Blood samples were collected during the pre- and post-withdrawal period after the recordings before slaughter. The FO groups demonstrated decreased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and increased high-density lipoprotein levels on day 42 (P < 0.01); however, these values were not significant after design withdrawal. Diet supplementation with FO elevated the blood levels of palmitic acid (C16:0) and n-3 PUFAs, especially long-chain (LC) PUFAs (EPA, C20:5n-3 and DHA, C22:6n-3), and caused a decline in the level of arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4n-6; P < 0.05). Application of a one-week withdrawal period resulted in a decrease in (P < 0.05) linoleic acid (C18:2n-6) and an increase in the level of AA, unlike their amounts on day 42. Although blood and tissue LC n-3 PUFA levels on day 49 were significantly higher in the FO groups compared with the control, they demonstrated a substantial decrease on day 49 compared with day 42. The best results, mainly the lowest n-6/n-3 fatty acids (FAs) and feed conversion ratio (FCRs), were observed for 3% FO (group T4), even after institution of the withdrawal design. Degradation of total n-3 FAs deposited in tissues occurred after instituting the withdrawal plan diet, but deposited levels of EPA and DHA in tissues could ensure omega-3 enrichment of broiler meat in groups 3 and 4. On the basis of the dissatisfaction of the panelists toward group 4 meats (scored as near to acceptable) and their satisfaction with cooked samples of T3 (scored as good), group 3 meats were selected as good-quality n-3 enriched broiler meat.
Association between polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue and mortality of colorectal cancer patients; Introduction: Nutritional intake and dysregulation of fatty acid metabolism play a role in the progression of various tumors, but the consumption of fatty acids is difficult to assess accurately with dietary questionnaires. Biomarkers can objectively assess intake, storage and bioavailability. Objective: We studied the association between the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition of abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue (good indicator of dietary intake over 2-3 years) and all-cause mortality. Methods: In the multicenter AGARIC study, samples from 203 patients with colorectal cancer (CRC) undergoing curative surgery, were harvested from subcutaneous adipose tissue, which were then analyzed for PUFA composition. Results: After a median follow-up of 45 months, 76 patients died. These patients were more often men (72.4% versus 57.5%, P = 0.04), diabetic (32.9% versus 13.4%, P = 0.001), old (median: 74.5 versus 66.6 years, P < 0.001) and with high alcohol consumption (47.4% versus 30.7%, P = 0.005). An increased risk of death was observed with higher levels of 20:2 v-6 (hazard ratiotertile3 vstertile1 (HRT3vsT1) 2.12; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01-4.42; p-trend = 0.04), 22:4 v-6 (HRT3vsT1 = 3.52; 95% CI = 1.51-8.17; p-trend = 0.005), and 22:5 v-6 (HRT3vsT1 = 3.50; 95% CI = 1.56-7.87; p-trend = 0.002). Conversely, the risk of death seemed lower when higher concentrations of 18:3 v-6 (HRT3vsT1 = 0.52; 95% CI = 0.27-0.99; p-trend = 0.04) and the essential fatty acid, a-linolenic acid 18:3 v-3 (HRT3vsT1 = 0.47; 95% CI = 0.24-0.93; p-trend = 0.03) were observed. Conclusion: The risk of death was increased in CRC patients with higher concentrations of certain v-6 PUFAs and lower concentrations of a-linolenic acid in their subcutaneous adipose tissue. These results reflect dietary habits and altered fatty acid metabolism. Our exploratory results warrant confirmation in larger studies with further exploration of the mechanisms involved. (c) 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nonpharmacologic treatment of hypertriglyceridemia: Focus on fish oils; Early studies in Greenland Eskimos stimulated interest in evaluating the effect of Omega-3 fatty acids on coronary artery disease. Subsequent studies showed a significant decrease in triglyceride levels in patients receiving high doses of fish oil containing DHA and EPA. Slight increases in LDL were also observed in patients receiving fish oil supplements. These studies have also shown a dose-response effect which persists as long as supplementation continues. Later trials, specifically the Diet and Reinfarction Trial and the Indian Experiment of Infarct Survival, have:demonstrated a reduction in cardiac death rates and in the incidence of cardiac symptoms in patients receiving fish oil.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid content of edible insects in Thailand; Total lipid content and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) composition of six species of insects (mole cricket, ground cricket, spur-throated grasshopper, giant water bug, true water beetle and water scavenger beetle) were determined. The total PUFA ranged from 726 mg/100 g in water scavenger beetle to 2883 mg/100 g in ground cricket; 18:2n-6 was the major PUFA in most insects, except in spur-throated grasshopper where the predominant PUFA was 18:3n-3. The C20 PUFA, 20:4n-6 and 20:5n-3 were only found in aquicolous species, 149 and 57 mg/100 g in water scavenger beetle, 233 and 92 mg/100 g in true water beetle, and 569 and 264 mg/100 g in giant water bug, respectively. Total monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) content ranged from 714 mg/100 g in water scavenger beetle to 5889 mg/100 g in giant water bug; total saturated fatty acid (SFA) content ranged from 653 mg/100 g in water scavenger beetle to 5432 mg/100 g in giant water bug. The major MUFA in all insects was 18:1 and predominant SFA was 16:0. Results also showed the ratios of n-6/n-3 ranged from 0.3 in spur-throated grasshopper to 31 in mole cricket. The aquicolous edible insects may be an alternative source of C20 long-chain PUFA.
Red wine polyphenols protect n-3 more than n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid from lipid peroxidation; Moderate red wine consumption is associated with decreased risk for cardiovascular disease; however, the underlying mechanisms are not completely understood. The main aim of this study was to investigate the effects of red wine polyphenols (WP) on the oxidizability of human plasma fatty acids, in particular those most involved in the inflammatory response archidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The oxidizability of the major fatty acids of plasma was determined by measuring their loss gaschromatographycally during peroxidation kinetics induced by 2'-azobis(2-methylpropionamidine)-dihydrochloride. The capacity of WP to scavenge 1,1,clipheny1-2-picryl-hydrazyl (DPPH), superoxide anion and hydroxyl radicals, and trap total peroxyl radicals in plasma (TRAP) was also measured. WP (1.75-5 mu g/mL) inhibited DPPH, superoxide anion and hydroxyl radicals and increased TRAP in a dose-dependent manner. WP (1.75 mu g/mL) significantly protected all plasma PUFA from peroxidation but the protection of EPA and DNA was higher than that of AA. These results suggest that the association of WP to apolipoproteins makes EPA and DHA less accessible to hydro-soluble radicals than AA, thus providing a biochemical rationale for future 'in vivo' studies on the benefits to health of moderate red wine consumption. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
ANALYSIS OF THE IMPACT ON THE HEALTH CARE BUDGET AND CONSUMERS OF THE USE OF THE PREPARATION OF OMEGA-3 ACID ETHYL ESTERS 90 IN THE TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH ATHEROGENIC DYSLIPIDEMIA; Aim To evaluate economic results of using omega-3 acid ethyl esters 90 for primary prevention of cardiovascular catastrophes in patients with residual hypertriglyceridemia (HTG).
Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) production by an oleaginous fungus <i>Mortierella alpina</i> expressing heterologous the Δ17-desaturase gene under ordinary temperature; The oleaginous fungus Mortierella alpina is known to accumulate eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) only when cultivated at a low temperature (below 15 degrees C). Here, we investigated EPA production at an ordinary temperature (28 degrees C) by expressing the Saprolegnia diclina Delta 17 desaturase gene (sdd17m) in M. alpina ST1358, an omega 3-desaturation activity-defective mutant derived from M. alpina 1S-4. Expression of the exogenous gene was confirmed by EPA accumulation in transformants at both 28 and 12 degrees C. The EPA content in total lipids produced by transformants was over 20% at 28 degrees C. Bench-scale fermentation with a 5-L jar fermentor showed that EPA content reached 26.4% of total fatty acids, and EPA production reached 1.8 g/L. This is the first study to report the accumulation of EPA in M. alpina at an ordinary temperature, and provide a platform technology for the industrial production of EPA using M. alpina as a promising source for EPA.
Fatty Acids and Obesity; Obesity is becoming a major public health problem worldwide. Its prevalence is increasing as well as the burden of diet-related chronic diseases including hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, stroke, and certain cancers. The link between obesity and chronic diseases is well established. Obese individuals are two to three times more likely to die prematurely than their lean counterparts, primarily due to the association between obesity and type 2 diabetes and CHD. Over the past 20 years, there has been an increase in the scientific interest in the impact of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids on human health. Several epidemiological and experimental studies have been published on the cardiovascular (CV) benefits of omega-3 fatty acids. Fish and fish oil are rich sources of omega-3 fatty acids, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is an omega-3 fatty acid present in seeds and oils, green leafy vegetables, and nuts and beans. Linoleic acid (LA), an omega-6 fatty acid, is present in grains, meats, and the seeds of most plants. In addition, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a group of positional and geometric isomers of linoleic acid characterized by the presence of conjugated dienes, seems to confer specific cardiovascular benefits. The potential for unsaturated fatty acids to counteract the negative effects of obesity is substantial and deserves further investigation.
Metabolic Health Benefits of Long-Chain Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Restricting energy intake and increasing physical activity are advocated for reducing obesity, but many individuals have difficulty complying with these recommendations. Consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFA) offers multiple mechanisms to counteract obesity, including appetite suppression; circulatory improvements, which promote nutrient delivery to skeletal muscle and changes in gene expression, which shift metabolism toward increased fat oxidation; increased energy expenditure; and reduced fat deposition. n-3 LCPUFA may also alter gene expression in skeletal muscle to suppress catabolic pathways and upregulate anabolic pathways, resulting in greater lean tissue mass, metabolic rate, and maintenance of physical function. n-3 LCPUFA supplementation has been shown to counteract obesity in rodents, but evidence in humans is limited. Epidemiological associations between n-3 LCPUFA intakes and obesity are inconclusive. Several studies, on the other hand, indicate inverse relationships between biomarkers of n-3 LCPUFA status and obesity, although causality is uncertain. There have been few human intervention trials of omega-3 supplementation for obesity; some have indicated potential benefits, especially when combined with energy-restricted diets or exercise. More trials are needed to confirm these effects and identify mechanisms of action.
A metabolic link between S-adenosylhomocysteine and polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism in Alzheimer's disease; There is evidence that vascular risk factors contribute to the pathology of Alzheimer's disease. Increased concentrations of circulating homocysteine are associated with vascular risk factors and Alzheimer's disease but the mechanisms involved are unclear. Homocysteine inhibits the hydrolysis of S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) which is a product inhibitor of S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) dependent methyltransferase reactions. It has been shown previously that SAH inhibits phosphatidylethanol amine N-methyltransferase (PEMT) in the liver. The activity of PEMT in the liver plays an important role in the methylation of phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) to phosphatidylcholine (PC) and the delivery of essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to peripheral tissues. In the present study, the plasma concentrations of SAH, SAM and homocysteine and the erythrocyte composition of phosphatidylcholine (PC), phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and their respective polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations were determined in 26 patients with Alzheimer's disease and compared to those in 29 healthy control subjects. There was a significant increase in the plasma concentrations of SAH (p<0.001) and homocysteine (p<0.001) and a significant increase in the plasma concentrations of SAM (p<0.001) in the Alzheimer's patients. A significant positive correlation was found between the plasma concentrations of SAH and homocysteine (r=0.738, p<0.001). There was a negative correlation between the plasma concentrations of homocysteine and the ratio of SAM/SAH (r=-0.637, p < 0.01). There was a significant decrease in the erythrocyte content of PC (p < 0.001) and an increase in the erythrocyte content of PE (p < 0.001) in the Alzheimer's patients. Plasma SAH concentrations were negatively related to erythrocyte PC concentrations (r=-0.286, p<0.01) and positively related to erythrocyte PE concentrations (r=0.429, p < 0.001). The erythrocyte PC from Alzheimer's patients had a significant depletion of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (p < 0.001) while there was no significant difference in the DHA content of erythrocyte PE. There was a significant negative correlation between plasma SAH and the DHA composition of erythrocyte PC (r=-0.271, p<0.001). This data may reflect the inhibition of hepatic PEMT activity by SAH in Alzheimer's disease. The decreased mobilization of DHA from the liver into plasma and peripheral tissues may increases the risk of atherosclerosis and stroke leading to chronic cerebral hypoperfusion. The evidence suggests that a metabolic link between the increased production of SAH and phospholipid metabolism may contribute to cerebrovascular and neurodegenerative changes in Alzheimer's disease. (C) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Immunomodulation by dietary long chain omega-3 fatty acids and the potential for adverse health outcomes; Recommendations to consume fish for prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD), along with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved generally recognized as safe (GRAS) status for long chain omega-3 fatty acids, may have had the unanticipated consequence of encouraging long-chain omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acid [(eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] supplementation and fortification practices. While there is evidence supporting a protective role for EPA/DHA supplementation in reducing sudden cardiac events, the safety and efficacy of supplementation with LC omega-3PUFA in the context of other disease outcomes is unclear. Recent studies of bacterial, viral, and fungal infections in animal models of infectious disease demonstrate that LC omega-3PUFA intake dampens immunity and alters pathogen clearance and can result in reduced survival. The same physiological properties of EPA/DHA that are responsible for the amelioration of inflammation associated with chronic cardiovascular pathology or autoimmune states, may impair pathogen clearance during acute infections by decreasing host resistance or interfere with tumor surveillance resulting in adverse health outcomes. Recent observations that high serum LC omega-3PUFA levels are associated with higher risk of prostate cancer and atrial fibrillation raise concern for adverse outcomes. Given the widespread use of supplements and fortification of common food items with LC omega-3PUFA, this review focuses on the immunomodulatory effects of the dietary LC omega-3PUFAs, EPA and DHA, the mechanistic basis for potential negative health outcomes, and calls for biomarker development and validation as rational first steps towards setting recommended dietary intake levels. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of high ω-3 fatty acid diet suppressed prostate tumorigenesis in C3(1) Tag mice; Prostate cancer incidence and mortality are high in the Western world and high omega-6/omega-3 PUFA in the Western diet may be a contributing factor. We investigated whether changing from a diet that approximates omega-6 fat content of the Western diet to a high omega-3 fat diet at adulthood might reduce prostate cancer risk. Female SV 129 mice that had consumed a high omega-6 diet containing corn oil for 2 weeks were bred with homozygous C3(1)Tag transgenic male mice. All male offspring were weaned to the corn oil diet (CO) until postpuberty when half of the male offspring were transferred to a high omega-3 diet containing canola oil and fish oil concentrate (FS). High omega-3 diet increased omega-3 and decreased omega-6 fat content of mice tissues. Average weights of prostate and genitourinary bloc were significantly lower in mice consuming high omega-3 diet at adulthood (CO-FS) than mice fed a lifetime high omega-6 diet (CO-CO). There was slower progression of tumorigenesis in dorsalateral prostate of CO-FS than in CO-CO mice. CO-FS mice had slightly lower plasma testosterone level at 24 and 40 weeks, significantly lower estradiol level at 40 weeks and significantly less expressed androgen receptor (AR) in the dorsalateral prostate at 40 weeks than CO-CO mice. Consumption of high omega-3 diet lowered the expression of genes expected to increase proliferation and decrease apoptosis in dorsalateral prostate. Our results suggest that consumption of high omega-3 diet slows down prostate tumorigenesis by lowering estradiol, testosterone and AR levels, promoting apoptosis and suppressing cell proliferation in C3(1)Tag mice.
Dietary supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids robustly promotes neurovascular restorative dynamics and improves neurological functions after stroke; Stroke is a devastating neurological disease with no satisfactory therapies to preserve long-term neurological function, perhaps due to the sole emphasis on neuronal survival in most preclinical studies. Recent studies have revealed the importance of protecting multiple cell types in the injured brain, such as oligodendrocytes and components of the neurovascular unit, before long-lasting recovery of function can be achieved. For example, revascularization in the ischemic penumbra is critical to provide various neurotrophic factors that enhance the survival and activity of neurons and other progenitor cells, such as oligodendrocyte precursor cells. In the present study, we hypothesized that chronic dietary supplementation with fish oil promotes post-stroke angiogenesis, neurogenesis, and oligodendrogenesis, thereby leading to long-term functional improvements. Mice received dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA-enriched fish oil for three months before and up to one month after stroke. As expected, dietary n-3 PUFAs significantly increased levels of n-3 PUFAs in the brain and improved long-term behavioral outcomes after cerebral ischemia. n-3 PUFAs also robustly improved revascularization and angiogenesis and boosted the survival of NeuN/BrdU labeled newborn neurons up to 35 days after stroke injury. Furthermore, these pro-neurogenic effects were accompanied by robust oligodendrogenesis. Thus, this is the first study to demonstrate that chronic dietary intake of n-3 PUFAs is an effective prophylactic measure not only to protect against ischemic injury for the long term but also to actively promote neurovascular restorative dynamics and brain repair. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Why do we still need large scale clinical trial: the case of <i>n</i>-3 PUFA; After the first reports about a protective effect on coronary heart disease (CHD) published more than 40 years ago, wide interest in the therapeutic use of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) aroused. Since then, many studies and meta-analyses have reported a significantly reduced risk of CHD and CV death due to fish and n-3 PUFA intake. Some of the overviews reported a significant reduction of risk of sudden cardiac death, all-cause death, and nonfatal CV events. On the other side, recent clinical trials had mixed findings, raising concern about the consistency of the evidence on n-3 PUFA. We critically reviewed recent large clinical trials reporting data on the antiarrhythmic effects of n-3 PUFA in different clinical settings, i.e., patients with CHD, heart failure, with implantable cardioverter defibrillator, and at risk of atrial fibrillation, in order to summarize the results which are available up to date and possibly give "substantiated" fuel to the debate on the conflicting results of n-3 PUFA.
Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Oral Doses of an Omega-3-Carboxylic Acid Formulation in Healthy Male Japanese Subjects: A Phase I Single-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; OM3-CA (omega-3-carboxylic acids) is a complex mixture of omega-3 carboxylic acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which is approved in the United States for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia. As part of its clinical development in Japan, we performed a phase 1 study to investigate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics after single and multiple doses of OM3-CA in healthy male Japanese subjects. Eighteen Japanese subjects were allocated to receive 2 or 4 g/day OM3-CA, or placebo (n = 6 per group). In addition, 6 white subjects received 4 g/day OM3-CA. The primary objective was to determine the safety and tolerability of OM3-CA. Plasma concentrations of EPA and DHA were adjusted for baseline values for pharmacokinetic analysis. Overall, OM3-CA was well tolerated in healthy Japanese subjects. Two Japanese subjects in each group and 5 white subjects experienced adverse events (AEs). Alanine aminotransferase increase was the most common AE in Japanese subjects, also seen with placebo, and diarrhea was the most common AE in white subjects. The maximum plasma concentrations of EPA and DHA were observed 5-6 hours postdose. The pharmacokinetic profiles of EPA and DHA after administration of OM3-CA were comparable between Japanese and white subjects.
Changes in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and risk of cardiovascular events and atrial fibrillation: A secondary analysis of the OMEMI trial; Background The cardiovascular benefit from n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is controversial, and the importance of serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations for clinical events is unclear. Objectives To assess changes in EPA and DHA serum concentrations during n-3 PUFA supplementation and their association with incident cardiovascular events. Methods In the OMEMI trial, elderly patients with a recent AMI were randomized to 1.8 g/day of EPA/DHA or control (corn oil) for 2 years. The primary outcome was a composite of AMI, coronary revascularization, stroke, heart failure hospitalization, or all-cause death (major adverse cardiovascular event [MACE]) and the secondary outcome was new-onset atrial fibrillation (AF). Results EPA and DHA measurements were available in 881 (92% of survivors) participants at randomization and study completion. EPA and DHA increased in the active treatment arm (n = 438) by a median of 87% and 16%, respectively. Greater on-treatment increases in EPA and DHA were associated with decreasing triglycerides, increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lower baseline EPA and DHA concentrations. Greater on-treatment increases in EPA were associated with lower risk of MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.86 [95% confidence interval, CI, 0.75-0.99], p = 0.034), and higher risk of AF (adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 1.36 [95% CI 1.07-1.72], p = 0.011). Although there were similar tendencies for DHA changes and outcomes, these associations were not statistically significant (HR 0.84 [0.66-1.06] for MACE and 1.39 [0.90-2.13] for AF). Conclusion Greater on-treatment increases in EPA were associated with lower risk of MACE and higher risk of new-onset AF. These data suggest that the cardiovascular effects of increasing n-3 PUFA levels through supplements are complex, involving both potential benefits and harm.
Omega-3 fatty acids: a review of the effects on adiponectin and leptin and potential implications for obesity management; An increase in adiposity is associated with altered levels of biologically active proteins. These include the hormones adiponectin and leptin. The marked change in circulating concentrations of these hormones in obesity has been associated with the development of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Variations in dietary lipid consumption have also been shown to impact obesity. Specifically, omega-3 fatty acids have been Correlated with the prevention of obesity and subsequent development of chronic disease sequalae. This review explores animal and human data relating to the effects of omega-3 fatty acids (marine lipids) on adiponectin and leptin, considering plausible mechanisms and potential implications for obesity management. Current evidence suggests a positive, dose-dependent relationship between omega-3 fatty acid intake and circulating levels of adiponectin. In obese subjects, this may translate into a reduced risk of developing cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes. In non-obese subjects, omega-3 is observed to decrease circulating levels of leptin; however, omega-3-associated increases in leptin levels have been observed in obese subjects. This may pose benefits in the prevention of weight regain in these subjects following calorie restriction.
Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on the Postprandial Metabolism of Apolipoprotein(a) in Familial Hypercholesterolemia; Aim: Lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) is a low-density lipoprotein-like particle containing apolipoprotein(a) (apo(a)) that increases the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Postprandial redistribution of apo(a) protein from Lp(a) to triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) may also increase the atherogenicity of TRL particles. Omega-3 fatty acid (w3FA) supplementation improves postprandial TRL metabolism in FH subjects. However, its effect on postprandial apo(a) metabolism has yet to be investigated. Methods: We carried out an 8-week open-label, randomized, crossover trial to test the effect of w3FA supplementation (4 g/day) on postprandial apo(a) responses in FH patients following ingestion of an oral fat load. Postprandial plasma total and TRL-apo(a) concentrations were measured by liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry, and the corresponding areas under the curve (AUCs) (0-10h) were determined using the trapezium rule. Results: Compared with no w3FA treatment, w3FA supplementation significantly lowered the concentrations of postprandial TRL-apo(a) at 0.5 (-17.9%), 1 (-18.7%), 2 (-32.6%), and 3 h (-19.2%) (P<0.05 for all). Postprandial TRL-apo(a) AUC was significantly reduced with w3FA by 14.8% (P<0.05). By contrast, w3FA had no significant effect on the total AUCs of apo(a), apoC-III, and apoE (P>0.05 for all). The decrease in postprandial TRL-apo(a) AUC was significantly associated with changes in the AUC of triglycerides (r=0.600; P <0.01) and apoB-48 (r=0.616; P<0.01). Conclusions: Supplementation with w3FA reduces postprandial TRL-apo(a) response to a fat meal in FH patients; this novel metabolic effect of w3FA may have implications on decreasing the risk of ASCVD in patients with FH, especially in those with elevated plasma triglyceride and Lp(a) concentrations. However, the clinical implications of these metabolic findings require further evaluation in outcome or surrogate endpoint trials.
The effects of aspirin and N-3 fatty acids on telomerase activity in adults with diabetes mellitus; Type 2 Diabetes mellitus is associated with aging and shortened telomere length. Telomerase replaces lost telomeric repeats at the ends of chromosomes and is necessary for the replicative immortality of cells. Aspirin and the n3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are commonly used therapies in people with type 2 diabetes for reducing cardiovascular disease events, though their relation to telomerase activity is not well studied. We explored the effects of aspirin, EPA + DHA, and the combined effects of aspirin and EPA + DHA treatment on telomerase activity in 30 adults with diabetes mellitus. EPA and DHA ingestion alone increased telomerase activity then a decrease occurred with the addition of aspirin consumption. Crude (F-stat = 2.09, p = 0.13) and adjusted (F-stat = 2.20, p = 0.14) analyses of this decrease showed signs of a trend. These results suggest that aspirin has an adverse effect on aging in diabetics who have relatively high EPA and DHA ingestion. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Determinants of Erythrocyte Omega-3 Fatty Acid Content in Response to Fish Oil Supplementation: A Dose-Response Randomized Controlled Trial; Background-The erythrocyte membrane content of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which constitutes the omega-3 index (O3I), predicts cardiovascular disease mortality. The amount of EPA+DHA needed to achieve a target O3I is poorly defined, as are the determinants of the O3I response to a change in EPA+DHA intake. The objective of this study was to develop a predictive model of the O3I response to EPA+DHA supplementation in healthy adults, specifically identifying factors that determine the response.
Randomized Trial of Fish Oil Infusion to Prevent Atrial Fibrillation After Cardiac Surgery: Data From an Implantable Continuous Cardiac Monitor; Objective: To test the hypothesis that perioperative OMEGA-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid infusion would reduce the incidence of postoperative atrial fibrillation in patients after coronary artery bypass grafting as assessed by an implantable continuous cardiac monitor.
Fish Consumption and Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Review; Studies evaluating fish consumption and cardiovascular disease events have shown inconsistent results. We performed a systematic review of peer-reviewed publications from an extensive query of Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, Ovid Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Scopus, and Web of Science from database inception to September 2020 for observational studies that reported the association between fish consumption and cardiovascular disease events. We identified and reviewed 24 studies related to fish consumption and the effect on cardiovascular outcomes. The study population included a total of 714,526 individuals and multiple cohorts from several countries. We found that nonfried fish consumption is probably associated with a reduced risk of overall cardiovascular disease events and myocardial infarction risk. In contrast, fried fish consumption is probably associated with an increased risk of overall cardiovascular disease events and myocardial infarction risk. No studies to date have shown any significant association between fish consumption and stroke. Our analysis suggests that fish consumption may reduce cardiovascular disease events, but fried fish consumption was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Seal Oil to Tuna Oil on Plasma Lipid Levels and Blood Pressure in Hypertriglyceridaemic Subjects; As meat is a rich source of the omega-3 fatty acid docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and Australians consume six times more meat than fish, investigation of the potential health benefit of DPA is warranted. The aims were to compare the effects of seal oil supplementation with fish oil, on measures of plasma lipids and blood pressure in hypertriglyceridaemic subjects. Forty-eight volunteers were recruited from the Wollongong community and were randomly allocated to one of three groups either receiving 1 g/day of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) using one of three oils: seal oil capsules (340 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), 230 mg DPA, 450 mg DHA), fish oil capsules (210 mg EPA, 30 mg DPA, 810 mg DHA) or placebo capsules (containing sunola oil) for 6 weeks. Plasma triglycerides remained unchanged in the placebo group, whilst reductions of 7 and 14% (P < 0.05) were seen in the fish oil and seal oil groups respectively. Systolic blood pressure improved by 8 and 5 mmHg with seal oil and fish oil respectively (P < 0.05). The mean arterial pressure was significantly lower after seal oil supplementation (P < 0.005) compared with the placebo group. These results indicate that seal oil is as effective as fish oil in lowering plasma triglycerides and blood pressure.
Lipid-Modifying Drugs: Pharmacology and Perspectives; Coronary artery disease (CAD) is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. It is well known that dyslipidemia is a major pathogenic risk factor for atherosclerosis and CAD, which results in cardiac ischemic injury and myocardial infarction. Lipid-modifying drugs can effectively improve lipid abnormalities including reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides (TG) or increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and eventually decrease the incidence of cardiovascular events. This chapter will review basic principles of lipid metabolism and focus on the therapeutic strategies of lipids modifying drugs (statins, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors, ezetimibe, niacin, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and so on) in patients with arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Meanwhile, the challenges and perspectives of the lipid-lowering agents currently in clinical practice as well as their limitations will be outlined.
Mortality among frequent consumers of Great Lakes sport fish; Commercial and sport-caught fish provide a healthy source of dietary protein, omega-3 fatty acids, and other micronutrients. Regular fish consumption has been associated with decreased risk of heart disease and health professionals encourage adults to include fish in their weekly diets. However, fish harvested from contaminated waters can contain higher levels of persistent, bioaccumulative chemicals such as methylmercury, PCBs, dieldrin, and DDT. To assess the beneficial effects of fish intake and the adverse effects of contaminant exposure, underlying and contributing causes of death were obtained from the National Death Index for 342 deceased members of a cohort of 2538 Great Lakes charterboat captains, 180 Wisconsin anglers, and 1141 referents who were established in 1993-1995. Multivariate analysis of death rates confirmed a dose-related protective effect of fish intake against all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality, including coronary heart disease, among the referent group. This effect was not observed among consumers of Great Lakes sport fish, however. Cancer mortality was not associated with fish intake in either exposure group. While the number of deaths among this cohort is currently too small to support rigorous statistical analysis, these preliminary findings are consistent with other studies that have shown a protective effect of commercial fish on human health and longevity and raise concerns regarding the effect of persistent environmental contaminants that continue to be detected in fish from the Great Lakes Basin. It is hoped that continued monitoring of this cohort will improve our understanding of the complex interactions that exist between nutrients and contaminants found in fish harvested from the Great Lakes. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intake of very long chain n-3 fatty acids from fish and the incidence of heart failure: the Rotterdam Study; Aims Evidence is accumulating for a cardioprotective effect of fish or its n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). We examined EPA plus DHA and fish intake in relation to incident heart failure in the population-based Rotterdam Study.
Continual supplementation with <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids does not modify plasma lipid profile in spinal cord injury patients; Study design: A prospective study during a diet modification.
